###Chapter 1
Chapter 1
Max Dorsey never imagined he'd wake up under a woman in a woman's bed. Brielle snagged his collar and planted a wet kiss on his neck, ensuring she left a telling mark before releasing him. "Morning, Uncle Max."
After the greeting, she leaned in for a passionate good morning kiss on his lips.
Max's hair was a tousled mess, his hawk-like eyes narrowed slightly, and he chuckled, his hand playfully squeezing her neck. "Brielle, you're quite bold."
Taking him for a ride, she certainly was bold.
His grip tightened.
Brielle's face turned a deep shade of red as she flashed him a charming, breathless smile, "Life is too short, better make every moment count, right?"
Max paused, a frosty glint in his eyes as he let her go and reached for his clothes.
"Uncle Max, where are you off to now?"
I
His features were staggeringly attractive. Even a casual glance sent shivers down one's spine. "Off to pick out a plot for you in the cemetery. Do you prefer a sunrise or sunset view?" Brielle's pupils dilated, and she looked away sheepishly, "You're really funny, Uncle Max."
Max stood nearly six-foot-three, an imposing figure with a black rosary bracelet giving him an otherworldly air. He was the Dorsey family's fifth son, commonly known as The Priest. "Coffin preferences? What kind of wood do you fancy?"
There was not a hint of a smile in his eyes. His wrist bones were tense, and his dark eyes, slightly lowered, were tinted with a hint of indifference.
Brielle licked her lips, "Is there also a coffin? It looks like you want to preserve my whole body. Should I say thank you?"
Max had never encountered such an audacious woman. A few specks of ruthlessness surged in his eyes. His long finger lifted, tilting her chin up.
Her face was one of the most stunning in Beaconsfield. Describing her as breathtaking wouldn't be an exaggeration, but she was vain, pretentious, and pompous, the type of woman he despised the most.
"You want to remain intact?"
"If you are generous enough."
She didn't have a flamboyant beauty, rather a delicate and soft air, her expressions softening her features just right.
Max suddenly laughed, the harshness in his eyes receding, but his grip on her grew firmer. He tormented her until she winced in pain, his other hand tracing down along her waist.
The cold touch of the black rosary bracelet against her skin made her tense up. He wasn't flirting: he was appraising her like an item for sale.
"Can't Spencer satisfy you?"
Spencer was Brielle's fiancé, Max's nephew.
But not for long. Spencer had been caught in bed with her best friend, and now Brielle had returned the favor with this grand gesture.
What a delightful game!
"What do you mean, Uncle Max? I assure you, there's nothing untoward between your nephew and me."
Brielle's voice was dripping with seduction, her glossy tongue peeked out from between her lips, enchanting like a siren.
Max narrowed his eyes. In Beaconsfield, countless women desired to be with him, but he had never taken them seriously. And now, his soon-to-be niece-in-law had succeeded. A dangerous aura began to envelop him.
"Are you sure this is what you want?"
"Huh?"
Brielle had just enough time to let out a gasp before a wave of intense trepidation swept from her throat to her stomach, as Max pinned her back onto the bed. "Mmph."
His force was overwhelming, ensnaring her limbs and torso with an overpowering grasp.
In the end, Brielle couldn't even summon a sound. It wasn't until the jarring ring of her cellphone that she blinked awake from the chaos.
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2
Brielle glanced at the date on her phone screen and realized she'd lost herself in another night.
Outside, the rain was coming down in buckets, and the warmth wrapped around her waist tightened like vines. She reached for her phone and saw it was Spencer calling, so she hit the answer button.
"Hello?"
The man beside her seemed to stir awake. Brielle quickly lowered her voice, "Spencer,
what's up?"
Her throat was so hoarse she could barely speak, so she got out of bed to pour herself at glass of water to soothe it.
"Where have you been these past couple of days? Lillian and I have been texting you like crazy, and you haven't responded."
Brielle tied her robe and met the man's gaze as she lifted her head. He had a strong presence, with a high nose and deep-set eyes, which gave him an air of aloof coolness.
A sense of relief washed over her: Sure, she was spent, but at least she'd managed to cheat on Spencer as well.
What goes around comes around.
"Well, I didn't see them. Is there something wrong?" Brielle nonchalantly picked up the suit jacket from the floor.
"Uncle Max is back in town. I'm picking you up in ten minutes for a family dinner."
Before Brielle could reply, Spencer hung up. Brielle raised an eyebrow and then turned to
Max.
"Uncle Max, you are going back home?" Her tone was teasing and alluring.
Just then, a knock came at the door.
Was Spencer here already?
She glanced at Max, searching for even a hint of guilt on his face. Nothing. He looked as
casual as if he were in his own home.
Brielle pointed to the bathroom and chuckled. My fiancé's here. Mind hiding out for a bit?" Her tone was casual, but the message was clear.
The voice outside was unfamiliar. "Ms. Brielle, I'm here to deliver Mr. Dorsey's clothes."
1/2
Brielle opened the door to find an assistant-like figure holding a suit, greeting respectfully
to her
He didn't ask much about her relationship with Max, typical of Max's people.
She took the suit and handed it to Max
"Quite sensible" The tone that emerged from his throat was like a brook with a hint of snow, chilly and indifferent. Despite the lingering lust in his eyes, once the suit was on, Max reverted to his usual cold and abstinent demeanor.
Brielle remembered how fiercely he'd been in bed, and she mused that his moniker, The Priest' was quite the misnomer. Even so, as she caught sight of the bruised nail marks on his back, her cheeks flushed without reason.
After bringing him to this apartment while he was drunk, she never imagined they'd end tangled together more than once.
She thought to ease into a conversation, but her phone rang again. It was Spencer, sounding impatient. "Are you coming down?"
She thought about the fact that the guest of honor at the family dinner was still here, so why rush?
But Spencer had little patience for her, "The rain's heavy, and there's traffic ahead. Don't make me wait, and remember your place."
His disdain was undisguised.
Brielle didn't feel like arguing, so after hanging up, she kissed Max in a sort of vengeful defiance. His fingers responded by gripping the back of her neck. Spencer's car was waiting downstairs, and she reveled in the secret thrill of the moment.
"Brielle, be careful not to get burned when playing with fire," Max warned.
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3
Riding shotgun in Spencer's car, Brielle's mind was still replaying Max's words.
Be careful not to get burned, huh?-
Her marriage to Spencer was an arrangement made by their families. The Dorsey family held an unrivaled position in Beaconsfield, while the Haywoods barely made the top ten. Next to the Dorseys, they were essentially small fry.
Her little stunt had allowed her to let off some steam, but it also meant she'd crossed one of the most untouchable figures in the circle of the elite.
The rain was pouring down, reducing visibility, and within two miles, traffic had slowed to
a crawl.
Spencer, already in a foul mood, frowned upon seeing her bundled up in a turtleneck, her chin almost disappearing into her collar.
"Is that what you're wearing?"
It was early fall, hardly the season for turtlenecks. Despite Brielle's striking looks, it was a
bit odd.
Thinking of the love bite Max had left on her neck, the corners of her lips curled up. "Yeah," it's chilly with the rain."
"Such a delicate flower," Spencer muttered, his irritation growing.
Brielle's pale fingers brushed her collar. "Haven't been to the office these past two weeks?" Spencer despised her tone, as if nothing mattered to her. "It's none of your business where I go." He honked the horn twice in quick succession, feeling like sharing the confined space with Brielle was pure torture.
The phone rang. It was Spencer's. From the corner of her eye, Brielle noticed the caller
ID-Lillian.
Unlike the impatience he showed her, Spencer's face softened immediately upon answering. "Lillian, you're up? Don't go out in this awful weather. You have a fever? How bad is it?"
His voice went from joy to concern, then to panic. Brielle twirled a strand of hair in front of her, not asking further.
Spencer cursed under his breath, hung up the phone, and then angrily punched the steering wheel.
Brielle found his frustration amusing. If he'd gone up to her apartment just now, he would have discovered her scandalous affair with another man. However, Spencer never
1/3
showed interest in her affairs, nor had he ever visited her apartment.
Imagining his future reaction, Brielle's lips formed a smirk.
Suddenly, Spencer yanked the car key out and, without bothering with an umbrella, stepped into the deluge.
"Not heading to your home?" Brielle rolled down the window and called out to his retreating figure.
"She's sick; I need to check on her. After all, Lillian is your friend."
Brielle closed the window, her eyes brimming with sarcasm. "Then you'd better take good care of my 'friend."
Spencer paused for a moment before disappearing into the rain.
Brielle sighed. Once unfaithful, always useless. She watched the rainstorm outside and turned to find that Spencer had taken the keys with him. Her brow furrowed in
annoyance.
The traffic ahead began to move, but her car was stuck, quickly attracting a chorus of honks and curses.
Brielle wanted to search for an umbrella, and got out the car. However, she stumbled upon several used condoms wedged in the seat's crevice. Her face turned pale, and nausea hit her. Opening the glove compartment, she found a limited edition lipstick, a gift she'd once given to Lillian. Only thirty in the world, a rare find.
She chuckled, closing the compartment. She chose to ignore the blatant provocation.
She stepped out of the car, soaked through by the rain, only to watch helplessly as a traffic cop directed her car to be towed awa
away.
Standing amidst the bustling downpour with nowhere to hide, she wiped the rain from her face and was about to make her way to the sidewalk when a black Bentley pulled up
beside her.
The Bentley's license plate bore a conspicuous series of 1, and a small flag next to it. That flag signified that the car could freely enter any place, even military no-go zones. She raised an eyebrow and slipped into the car "Uncle Max, what a coincidence."
Max barely glanced at her before looking away, his fingers idly playing with the black rosary on his wrist. "Did my nephew dump you?"
So much for The Priest, she thought. Brielle found Max to be more of a devil than a cleric, always keen to jab where it hurt.
"Uncle Max, I took good care of you in bed last night, didn't I? Why do you act like you
2/3
don't know me now?"
She laughed charmingly, and there was a captivating charm in her eyes as they lightly. swept across him. Her words bore no trace of the humiliation or frustration of being abandoned. Patrick, in the front seat, quietly put up the privacy screen, unwilling to listen to any more from the backseat.
"Not bad at taking care of me?" Max repeated her words, then lazily swept his gaze ove her. "You were like a dead fish, all noise, no action. What's so good about that?"
Brielle clenched her jaw, forcing a smile. "Sorry that you had to fuck a 'dead fish' so hard. I almost thought you've never seen a woman before."
Retaliating with sarcasm, her smiling lips pressed together, appearing somewhat pitiful.
She leaned to get out of the car but was roughly pulled back by a strong grip. Max's fingers settled on her wrist, pinning her down as he told the driver, "Head to Premier Palace." Premier Palace, Max's residence. It seemed he had decided to skip the banquet, eve though he was the guest of honor,
Brielle froze, her disheveled state not fit for the event anyway. She leaned into his embrace instead.
Max looked down at her, his eyes dark and inscrutable like winter snow.
"You are not gonna walk out now?*
"Uncle Max," she retorted with a smirk, "how can a dead fish walk?"
3/3
###Chapter 4
Chapter 4
How the tables had turned.
Satisfied, Brielle sat back, not caring whether she had dampened his suit or not.-
The ride to Premier Palace was wrapped in a comfortable silence, as if by unspoken agreement, and neither of them felt the need to engage in idle conversation.
Brielle knew that Max's attentiveness wasn't due to pity or a flutter of the heart. He was predator at the top of the food chain, having made his mark on Wall Street at the tender age of seventeen, orchestrating the biggest corporate merger of the year. His rise to fame was built on the ruins of his rivals. A man like him, she mused, didn't have a heart to
spare.
A chill ran through her, and she sneezed uncontrollably. A clean blanket was tossed her way. Looking up, she saw him engrossed in papers on his lap, not sparing her a glance.
"Thanks, Uncle Max," she said, grabbing the blanket and drying her damp hair.
As the wrought iron gates of Premier Palace slowly swung open, even Brielle, no stranger to grandeur, couldn't help but be captivated by the opulence within.
The car came to a halt at the villa's entrance, and Patrick stepped out to respectfully open the door for them.
The cold air hit Brielle as she stepped out, causing goosebumps to spread across her skin. She rushed to keep up with Max, a smirk playing on her lips. "Am I the first woman to set foot in here?"
Max paused, and Brielle nearly bumped into him. His eyes twinkled with amusement as he gestured toward a maid trimming hedges in the distance. "No."
"Then I must be the first woman to make it to your bed successfully, right?"
Her chin was lifted by his firm grip, forcing her to meet his gaze. Panic fluttered in her chest. She had initiated this game, but the ending wasn't hers to dictate. "Yes," he answered simply.
Brielle was at a loss for words, her mind momentarily adrift. By the time she collected herself, Max had walked away. She took a deep breath and bit her lip before catching up to him, her voice light and carefree. "So, Uncle Max, you gonna look out for me from now on?"
Entering the villa's grand hall, he loosened the tie around his neck. The rosary beads glinted darkly.
"Depends on how you behave."
She took that as a sign of a potential long-term arrangement. Brielle thought of Spencer,
1/3
Chapter 4
and that tiny bit of regret instantly disappeared.
Spencer found her dull, his mother Faith thought her restrained, and the Haywood family believed her to be demure. They were all wrong. She was wild at heart.
"Don't worry, Uncle Max. I'll take good care of you."
Max raised an eyebrow, his dark eyes indifferent. He casually unbuttoned his shirt, scooping her up in his arms. "Until I tire of you
"You don't mind that I'm a dead fish in bed?" She was still holding a grudge over their
earlier encounter.
Max's master bedroom was dark as he pinned her against the door. "No complaints. You just lie back and enjoy."
Brielle was thankful for her striking looks, but before she could ponder any further, she was swept up in lust once again.
Their bodies were close, their souls drifting apart. She knew too well that Max was an extreme, a madness that could devour everything.
Falling for Spencer, she could walk away unscathed. Falling for Max would be a catastrophe, a point of no return.
After another night at Premier Palace, Brielle returned to her apartment to freshen up before heading to the office.
Her phone was bombarded with missed calls-some from the Haywood family, others from Spencer's mother, Faith.
Last night's dinner party, spoiled by Max's absence, had obviously been a debacle. As the prospective daughter-in-law, her no-show was a breach of etiquette.
She dialed Faith, but before she could utter a word, the woman's interrogation began.
"I asked you to keep an eye on Spencer. I heard he hasn't shown up at the office for weeks. Brielle, what have you been doing?"
Standing outside the towering Dorsey Tower, Brielle looked up at the skyscraper piercing the sky.
"Faith, he won't take my calls."
"Then why don't you go find him? I thought you were smart, Brielle. I placed you in Dorsey International to watch over him. Now that Max is back, the company's bound to face turmoil. As a finance graduate from Beaconsfield College, you should understand what that means."
Max had rarely been at the helm of Dorsey International, preferring to pull strings from abroad. Even so, the company's performance had soared under his leadership, with
2/3
Chapter 4
stocks skyrocketing.
Now that he had returned, the slackers at Dorsey International were understandably unsettled.
"Think about it, Brielle. If you can't handle this, then perhaps this marriage arrangement isn't necessary."
###Chapter 5
Chapter 5
Faith's tone was icy, her words dripping with disdain as though Brielle was beneath her notice. Brielle knew that if she didn't take action, the next call would be to the Haywoods, and then her parents would be on the line, lecturing her on her lack of charm and tact.
She was tired of being a puppet on strings. After hanging up, she texted Faith the address of the suburban mansion, Spencer's little love nest. If Faith cared to dig, she would discover her son's mistress. Brielle also wondered if Faith already knew about Spencer and Lillian's affair, which would explain her increasingly imperious attitude. Not only did Faith expect her to play the dutiful daughter-in-law within the Dorsey clan, but she also expected her to handle Spencer's business affairs. Talk about making the most of her assets.
When Brielle arrived at Dorsey Tower and pushed open the office door, she found the entire floor eerily silent. Everyone sat up straight, casting anxious glances toward the elevators. Whispers echoed through the cubicles.
"All the execs got called up for a meeting. Word is Mr. Dorsey's not staying abroad this time."
"The Wall Street Journal had a feature on him just the other day-Harvard wunderkind."
"Looks like a shake-up at Dorsey International."
At her desk, Brielle thought of the man who had left her bed that morning, now presiding over the top floor, and the corner of her mouth twitched with amusement.
He was sexy in bed, and just as much so in a suit and tie.
She had barely sat down when a tap on her shoulder made her turn. "Why's the director not here? If he skips the exec meeting, our department's going to be in the crosshairs, right?"
That was her coworker Lucinda, the only one who knew about her and Spencer.
Brielle clipped on her badge, "I don't know."
A hint of surprise appeared in Lucinda's eyes, followed by a deeply hidden disdain. "Isn't he your fiancé? Really? With your looks, you can't even keep a man?"
Beauty was an ace up her sleeve, but it wasn't everything.
Brielle graduated from the top university in the country, Beaconsfield College. However, in a company like Dorsey International, you could randomly throw a brick, and it would hit a high-achieving graduate from an Ivy League school. However, not everyone had her stunning looks.
Chapter 5
"Brielle, I saw the director with another woman at the mall last week. Don't tell me you got two-timed?" Lucinda's pity hinted at the harsh reality of marrying into wealth.
Brielle sighed and organized her documents, "Maybe."
As she finished, the elevator dinged, and Spencer emerged, suave in a grey suit. Hel quickly straightened his tie and smoothed out any wrinkles-clearly, last night's indulgences had taken their toll. Brielle handed him the organized files.
Spencer's face twisted with distaste as he impatiently headed to the private elevator, "You're coming to the meeting with me." She had prepared the files. If he was questioned, she'd be the safety net. The atmosphere on the top floor was tense, the senior executives ready for battle.
Spencer felt a shiver of dread as he entered the boardroom and met the cold gaze of the man by the window. He greeted respectfully, "Mr. Dorsey."
Behind the main seat was a large French window. Max sat there, like a tree covered with frost in winter when everything withers, devoid of warmth.
The boardroom was silent, the directors rigid with sweaty palms.
Brielle recognized many faces from the Dorsey family, some even elders to Max. She pressed her lips together in a small smile, meeting Max's impassive stare. He really was a different person off the bed. Spencer, pale-faced, found a seat, regretting last night's indulgences.
"Thud." A file hit the table, filled with countless receipts of personal expenses-luxury cars, villas, furniture, rugs-charged to the company accounts.
"An explanation?" Max's eyes swept over everyone, finally resting on Spencer.
Spencer paled further, "Mr. Dorsey, I... His heart pounded with regret for arriving late and being the focus of scrutiny. The suburban villa was for Lillian, charged to the company.
Max chuckled softly, tapping the marble table, For whom?"
It was a slap to Spencer's face, but with many Dorseys present, he couldn't admit to infidelity.
"For my fiancée."
Brielle rolled her eyes internally. She was the scapegoat for Lillian again.
Max looked down, languidly closing his eyes, "Really? Then consider it a gift I'm giving to
my future niece-in-law. But don't let it happen again."
The warning was for everyone.
2/3
Chapter
With Max's reputation as a Wall Street prodigy, no one would challenge him on his first day in charge.
Two hours later, the meeting ended, and the directors left with grim expressions.
Brielle, knowing Spencer barely noticed her, lingered at the back.
Meanwhile, Max remained seated by the window. He saw her close the door and walk
towards him with quick steps in her high heels
"Uncle Max, you're really something."
Of course, she had to butter up her sugar daddy.
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6
Max's gaze did a quick sweep over her face before he murmured, "Leave."
Brielle wasn't offended, she knew his sternness was just a show of authority for others, not truly directed at her. After all, she did benefit from the situation.
She was about to sweet talk him a bit more when the conference room door burst open. Spencer stood there, his face clouded with anger. "What are you still doing here?" he snapped
Brielle hadn't expected Spencer to double back like this. He usually paid her no mind. With no choice, she pretended to tidy up the papers on the table, gave Max a respectful nod, and left the room. Spencer, in his sharp suit, didn't dare meet Max's gaze and mumbled, "Uncle Max, I apologize for her ignorance. She doesn't know any better.
Max responded with a nonchalant "Hmm" and looked away.
Outside, Spencer grabbed Brielle's wrist tightly. "Did you go squealing to him? For heaven's sake, Brielle, you're a lady of the Haywood family. Haven't you ever seen money before?"
The disdain in his eyes was like a thorn, brutally piercing Brielle's heart.
Brielle found him utterly ridiculous. She didn't know where he got the idea that she was money-hungry and promiscuous. Maybe because she had only been brought back to the Haywood fold at the age of ten, he assumed she carried an air of poverty about her.
"Spencer, we've known each other for thirteen years. Have you ever given me anything?" she shot back. So what made him think she was after money?
V ever
Spencer clenched his teeth, his irritation boiling over. "You wish! The Haywoods only wanted to latch onto our family's influence. Let me tell you, stop meddling in things that don't concern you. I don't like you one bit. Just stay in your lane, and eventually, I'll make things clear to my family, and we can part ways amicably."
Brielle's wrist throbbed painfully under his grip, likely bruising. "Spencer, it was your who wanted this engagement in the first place, and now you want to call it off. What exactly do the Dorseys take me for?" Indeed, it was a teenage Spencer who had insisted on the alliance with the Haywoods, charmed by Brielle's looks and top-notch academic performance. They were classmates, and Spencer, used to getting his way, thought she was the only girl worthy of him. The Haywoods naturally agreed, and Brielle had no say in the matter. The Dorseys probably thought it was just child's play and didn't . Now, the only reason the marriage contract hadn't been dissolved was because of her status as a top university graduate and her choice of a finance major, both of which
1/4
could help Spencer secure his position at Dorsey International.
For ten years this engagement had dragged on, and Brielle had been nothing but devoted, pouring her heart and soul into it.
And what had he done? Carried on an affair with Lillian, and while with her, he'd take every opportunity to belittle Brielle as dull, unfeeling, mechanical.
Ha, if the Dorsey family saw her as some cheap commodity to be used and discarded, she wasn't about to sit back and take it
"Being engaged to you has been the biggest mistake of my life. It's utterly revolting!"
Spencer's words were meant to wound, and they struck Brielle like a plunge into icy waters. A stifled pain grew in her heart, and she couldn't help but wonder how he would react if he found out about her and Max.
"Let go. There's a department meeting this afternoon. If you're going to have a meltdown, do it somewhere else."
Spencer, fearing Max might emerge from the conference room, thought he had hit a nerve with Brielle and, with a self-satisfied snort, released her. "Mom sent you to spy, actually took yourself seriously."
and you
Rubbing her sore wrist, Brielle wished she could swing a punch at him. "I'm heading downstairs. Remember to transfer that villa into my name."
Spencer's eyes bulged in disbelief, and he almost shrieked, "What did you just say?"
Brielle looked up, smiling. "Uncle Max said it was a gift for me. So, please tell Lillian to move out."
"You!"
Spencer had never seen this side of Brielle, and he clenched his fists in rage. "You're really all about the money, aren't you?"
Brielle didn't bother to refute. A two-million-dollar villa was not something she was willing to hand over to Lillian.
Ignoring Spencer's teeth-grinding behind her, she returned to her office. The office was buzzing, and all eyes were on her. Brielle frowned upon hearing the whispers about a "fiancée." Her relationship with Spencer had been exposed.
She looked up at Lucinda. With an apologetic grip on her own clothes, Lucinda said, "I'm sorry. I spoke too loudly, and someone overheard."
Spencer stepped forward, impatiently tugging at his tie. "So they know. What can you do
about it? It's not like it's going to last anyway."
In front of everyone, he showed no regard for Brielle. She received many sympathetic
2/4
Chapter 6
looks, but it suited her just fine. She felt the same way.
After work, a Haywood car came to pick her up.
"Ms. Brielle, the lady has requested your presence."
It must have been Faith who called.
Brielle reluctantly got into the car, and before she could even step through the Haywood's front door, she heard Lillian's laughter from inside.
"Miranda, your tea is delightful. Bri has always praised it, and even Spencer mentioned it."
"Lillian, it's been so long since you've been home. I thought you and Bri had grown apart. Did you receive the gift I sent you last time?"
"It was too extravagant. I felt awkward accepting it."
"Nonsense, take it. Why stand on ceremony with me?"
With pressed lips, Brielle paused in the foyer to change her shoes and saw Lillian massaging Miranda's wrists. If you didn't know any better, you'd think they were mother and daughter.
Miranda looked over with a beaming smile, "Bri, Lillian's been here all afternoon, where have you been? Did you get Faith's call? Spencer is still young and restless-cut him some slack next time, will you? Don't be so headstrong."
Brielle set her bag down, meeting Lillian's gaze
Lillian offered a timid smile, awkwardly settling back onto the couch, "Bri, are you mad at me? I'm sorry, I've been sick these past two weeks and I don't really know anyone else here, so I ended up calling Spencer."
Miranda took her hand, her face a picture of concern, "What, sick? You've got to take care of yourself. Spencer's a pampered young man, all thumbs, how could he take care of anyone? Next time, just call Bri. If that's not an option, I'll send someone over to look after
you."
"Miranda, I don't want to impose." Lillian was visibly flustered, casting a quick glance at
Brielle.
Brielle's expression remained cool as she walked over and sat down on the couch, "It's getting late, you should head home.""
Lillian paled, her shoulders shrinking as if she were a small, pitiful creature, "Bri, you really are upset with me, aren't you? I'll call Spencer right now and tell him to stop fussing over me." Her hands trembled slightly, barely able to grip her phone.
Miranda frowned in disapproval, "Bri, you and Lillian grew up together in the same orphanage, and you two have known each other for years. Don't you know her by now?
Lillian has always been frail. Don't be so cold. You might scare her."
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7
Brielle and Lillian indeed grew up in the same orphanage and were as close as sisters.
They celebrated life's little victories and consoled each other's defeats as if they were blood. On Brielle's seventh birthday, a two-year younger Lillian had saved up enough to buy a $13 cake. It was the cheapest of the cheap, the kind of cake where you could still taste the bitterness of economy in the frosting And when Lillian brought it out, clumsy as she was, it tumbled to the ground, a heap of broken dreams.
They sat there, tears mingling with laughter, making a pinky promise-when they had the means, they would feast on the finest cakes and cherish every birthday like a treasure.
So, when the Haywoods found Brielle on her tenth birthday, she didn't hesitate to bring Lillian along, pleading with the Haywoods to enroll them both in school.
In different classes but never apart, the girls were inseparable. But the corrupting allure of wealth can change a person. Those who once fretted over every meal suddenly found themselves in opulence, and their hearts hardened.
"Miranda, Lillian's cheeks flushed with guilt, her eyes brimming with tears.
Brielle thought of the used condoms in the car, and the deliberately left lipstick, "Mom, since you like her so much, why don't you adopt her as your daughter?"
It was a retort made in anger. Yet, a flicker of serious consideration passed through Miranda's eyes.
Brielle felt a sting of humiliation, sharp as a thorn. She'd forgotten that in this house, Lillian was the golden child. Even the house staff couldn't stop singing her praises.
Hadn't Brielle, too, given her heart and soul to Lillian?
Lillian, always playing the damsel with her fragile fa?ade.
"I'm giving you three days to move out of that villa," Brielle suppressed her anger, feeling as if her mouth was filled with the taste of blood.
Ironically, she always felt like she burdened her family by bringing Lillian back. So, no matter what she did, she wanted to be the best. However, her achievements couldn't compare to Lillian's sweet words. In the end, she was the outcast in her own home.
Lillian, hearing her words, sneered inwardly. The villa had been a gift from Spencer-what right did Brielle have to command her?
While harboring such resentment in her heart, she wore a look of grievance on her face, biting her lips. "Bri, please don't be angry, I'll do as you say."
Brielle had no desire to watch the performance. She stood up, "I won't keep you for dinner."
1/3
Chapte
Miranda, looking on, held Lillian close, "Bri, what's gotten into you tonight?"
"Miranda, it's my fault. I had nowhere to live, so I moved into Spencer's villa in the suburbs. Bri's misunderstood, Lillian explained.
Disappointment filled Miranda's eyes, "Spencer has so many properties. Lillian can stay in one. It is no big deal. If you secure him as your husband, all his assets will be eventually."
yours
"Mom," Brielle stood tall, her voice steady, "then maybe Lillian should just marry Spencer."
"You!" Miranda's chest heaved with anger. "You're becoming more and more outrageous."
Brielle felt her heart tear open. All those years of obedience, the Haywoods wouldn't tolerate even the slightest mistake from her. On the other hand, Lillian, who was always clumsy and had consistently poor grades, was seen by them as naturally innocent and in need of protection.
"Why don't you ask Lillian what she's done? And while you're at it, check how many times she's slept with Spencer in that villa.”
The moment the words left her mouth, Miranda's hand flew across her face.
Brielle didn't see it coming. She touched her swiftly swelling cheek in disbelief, a harsh pain making her bend slightly to cope. A bitter laugh escaped her as she grabbed her bag, "When Lillian moved out at eighteen, you all were heartbroken. If that's the case, I might as well make it a double celebration and leave Spencer to her. After all, you wanted to adopt her as your daughter. I won't disturb your celebration." "Brielle!" Miranda roared, unable to believe the daughter who had always been so compliant could be so confrontational.
Brielle was already at the door, Lillian's sobs, apologies, and Miranda's comforting words chasing after her.
Miranda didn't believe Lillian capable of such things. "I can't believe Bri would fabricate such lies to slander you," Miranda said.
The irony wasn't lost on Brielle as she clutched her bag, white-knuckled.
Once in her car, she licked her dry lips, tasting blood. With a press on the gas, she drove
away.
Arriving at her apartment building, she saw Spencer's Porsche, him leaning against it, smoking. His greeting was anything but warm. "Lillian's missing, Brielle. Did you hassle. her again? I told you, she's with me because I forced her. If you've got a problem, take it out on me, not her. She genuinely cares about you, and treats you like a sister."
Without missing a beat, Brielle slapped him hard.
Spencer's head turned with the impact, his chiseled jawline swelling. The slap was
2/3
Chapter 7
merciless, leaving him dazed. After a few seconds, he touched his face, Incredulous, "You hit me?"
"Didn't you say to take my anger out on you?" Brielle spat back.
Spencer's lips trembled, "You bitch-"
He couldn't finish his curse, his mind a blank slate of fury.
"Thank you. I feel much better now," Brielle said, stepping past him into the building.
"Brielle!!" Spencer shouted, kicking a trash can in a fit of rage.
Brielle ignored him, entering her apartment to calm her boiling emotions. She even started working overtime, going through company emails on her laptop.
Since her graduation, she'd been positioned at Spencer's side, naively thinking the Dorsey family saw her as one of their own. It was only now that she realized how masterfully Faith had played her hand. Michael had all the young bloods up and at 'em early, placing them in Dorsey International with high hopes they'd make something of themselves.
Brielle, the top student from Beaconsfield College with a degree in Finance, was a wiz. With her smarts, Spencer's performance outshone all the other greenhorns. The glory was Spencer's, and so was the year-end bonus. What was in it for her?
In the future, if Spencer grew tired of her, the Dorsey family could dissolve the engagement with an air of superiority. All those years she'd put in they'd amount to
zilch.
What a genius move.
Brielle pressed her lips together, trembling with rage. In the company's internal network, she found Max's private profile and shot off an email with her whistle-blowing letter attached. It was a detailed account of Spencer's embezzlement and negligence.
Brielle waited and waited, until she dozed off on her desk, but no reply came.
When she woke up, it was 6 a.m. and her eyes were sore. She saw a new message notification on her computer screen. With a surge of excitement, she clicked it open, only to be met with one icy word- "Rejected."
That son of a bitch.
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8
On the way to the office, Brielle clenched her jaw in frustration.
One reason was the throbbing pain in her cheek, and the other was the aches all over her body from spending the night sprawled across the desk.
Upon seeing her arrive, Lucinda hurriedly handed over a stack of documents, "Brielle, the director sent back your report last night, and now Integral Elements Inc. has been hounding us for the bid proposal. If we don't get it to them by nine tomorrow morning, it'll be seen as a forfeit."
Lucinda's tone was laden with reproach as she spoke. Previously, Spencer never meddled in these affairs, so the approval of the reports was solely on Brielle's shoulders.
However, because of the slap last night, Spencer let personal grievances creep in and deliberately rejected the report. The report concerned the acquisition of Integral Elements Inc., and Brielle had already met with the head of Integral Elements Inc. Failing to submit the bid proposal at this critical juncture would tarnish not only Dorsey International's reputation but also her own.
Grinding her teeth, Brielle dialed Spencer's number, only to be greeted by a familiar female
voice.
"He's in the shower."
It was Lillian's voice.
Brielle took a deep breath, "I don't care what he's doing right now; if he's not at the office within half an hour, I'm taking this report straight to the top floor."
Lillian was clueless about these matters. She had deliberately not told Spencer about her visit to the Haywood family last night, and when Spencer returned to the villa and found her gone, he indeed made trouble for Brielle.
Lillian's lips curled into a smirk, "Half an hour, huh? Guess you'll be waiting then."
The call ended abruptly, and Brielle set a thirty-minute countdown on her watch.
Lucinda had overheard the conversation, especially the suggestive mention of the shower. Her gaze shifted from sympathy to disdain and finally settled into a sneer. "Brielle, we don't mean to rush you, but procuring Integral Elements Inc. is a short-term goal for our department. If this gets delayed because of your personal issues, all our hard work goes down the drain."
The blame should have fallen on Spencer, but being a Dorsey, no one dared challenge him. So, to everyone else, Brielle, perceived as a woman of no significant background and scorned by Spencer as his fiancée, naturally became the scapegoat.
Now, with Max himself at the helm of Dorsey International, the slightest disturbance
1/3
1604
caught his attention, and indeed, the whole department suffered the consequences.
Ignoring the stares around her, Brielle sat down and waited for Spencer's call. In less than ten minutes, Spencer did call back. "Brielle, I'm not satisfied with your report on Integral Elements Inc., so I've decided to have Lucinda take over your duties."
Spencer might have been cavalier about the company, but his status afforded him veto power over anyone in the department.
"Spencer, keep personal grudges personal. What's the point of dragging the company into this? We've dispatched so many people to Integral Elements Inc., invested so much time. and resources." "This is your problem, Brielle." Spencer's tone was dismissive and even a bit nasty, "You've made your bed, now lie in it."
Taking a deep breath, Brielle grabbed the report from her desk and headed straight to the executive floor. Her colleagues were surprised by her bold move, and their eyes betrayed a hint of mockery. Patrick didn't show any surprise when he saw her coming, "Ms. Brielle, the president is in a meeting."
Brielle decided to wait right there. Integral Elements Inc. was pressing hard, and Spencer couldn't care less about the success of the bid
"The president's meeting will go on until 3 p.m., followed by an international video conference until 7 p.m. At 7:30, he'll depart for a charity gala, and won't return home until
9."
Patrick flipped through the schedule, his tone diligent and committed. Finally, pushing his gold-rimmed glasses up his nose, he concluded, "The president will be available after 9 p.m."
Though his words held no hidden meaning, Brielle still felt a subtle hint of intimacy in them, which made her cheeks warm.
"May I have a way to contact him directly?" The Integral Elements Inc. matter had to be discussed with Max personally.
"Sorry, without the president's permission, I can't make that decision."
With that, all of Brielle's hopes were extinguished. She inwardly mocked herself for a moment. To this assistant named Patrick, she was no different than anyone else. In his eyes, Brielle was just the same as all the others. Coming to the executive floor in was already overstepping her bounds..
person
So what if she was an employee of Dorsey International? Unless she was part of the management, meeting Max required an appointment.
A small company like Integral Elements Inc. didn't even reach the financial threshold to request the upper management's attention for the acquisition.
Her decision to seek Max out with the report was nothing short of ludicrous. Realizing this, Brielle finally saw her place clearly.
She was nothing more than a bed partner for Max, disposable at his whim. The talk of protection was nothing more than pillow talk.
Recalling the pathetic complaint letter she had sent the night before, she felt a wave of shame wash over her. Brielle slid the report back into her bag, nodded politely, and stepped into the elevator.
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9
The moment she stepped into the office, all eyes were drawn to her like magnets. They felt like sharp, judgmental knives, ready to peel away the facade she had so carefully
constructed
Whispers swirled around her
"Must be off to see Mr. Dorsey again. Some people have all the luck. Marrying into wealth sure has its perks"
"Marrying into wealth? Please, there's not even a ring on her finger. Didn't Mr. Spencer publicly deny any engagement?"
"Besides, word has it Mr. Spencer deliberately delayed the bid proposal because he's got
issues with her."
"But I heard that Brielle's family is quite wealthy. Otherwise, how could she get engaged to Mr. Spencer? Don't prestigious families emphasize matching social status?"
"Ha! Since when do rich people drive cars worth only tens of thousands? No chauffeur even. She just happened to be Mr. Spencer's classmate, which is how she even got a foot in the door." "No wonder. Taking advantage of Mr. Spencer's naiveté, she probably hoodwinked him into an engagement."
After what Spencer had said yesterday, everyone was even more convinced of their
theories.
Brielle had always been an outlier in the department, landing a manager pos Mergers and Acquisitions division straight out of Beaconsfield College, stirri discontent among her peers. Now with the revelation of her engagement to Spencer and her modest backgrou everyone suspected nepotism or worse, that she traded her body to get ahead. To self-proclaimed elite, she was no different from a courtesan.
The financial world was notorious for its hierarchies, and those within it often develop an inflated sense of self due to the massive capital they handled, imagining themselves as titans of the age.
Brielle, with her natural allure, had been unwelcome from day one. In the three years she'd been there, Lucinda was the only one she could really talk to.
Lucinda handed her the department's internal phone with a casual tone, "Several companies have sent their bids to Integral Elements Inc. The president previously discussed a price of 130 million with you, but they're now hoping to hit the 200-million
mark."
13
16.04
Brielle had done her homework on Integral Elements Inc., poring over annual reports and other investment banks' research. She had even checked multiple simulation models; 130 million was the sweet spot. The sudden jump to 200 million was a clear indicator that other companies were courting them.
She dialed Integral Elements Inc., but instead of the president, his assistant picked up.
"Ms. Brielle, we've yet to receive your bid. It seems you're not serious enough."
"Our bid will be on your desk by nine tomorrow morning. However, your new asking price is a departure from our previous discussions, and I'd like to discuss this in person with Mr. Tanner."
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Tanner is very busy," came the curt reply.
An excuse, no doubt. Tanner was probably meeting with competitors.
Brielle stood up, signaling three of her team members, including Lucinda, "Book the next flight out. You're coming with me to Integral Elements Inc."
The ones she picked, especially the two male colleagues, were none too pleased to be bossed around by a woman they considered to be a backdoor hire. Graduates from prestigious schools, they all had dreams of greatness.
Brielle had been decisive in her role, never showing weakness or seeking help in a damsel-in-distress manner, always maintaining a cool demeanor that seemed to threaten their sense of male pride. What was the point of a woman being so assertive, they thought, when she was destined for domesticity?
But with Brielle as the manager and Spencer currently absent, she was the one in charge.
Integral Elements Inc., a small components manufacturer waiting to go public, was nestled in a neighboring town, providing over 3,000 jobs to the local community.
Brielle had been preparing for months with her team to acquire Integral Elements Inc. Now with the bid proposal stalled by Spencer, she had no choice but to fly out personally to make her case. As she and her team boarded the plane, Max was wrapping up a meeting on his end.
Back in his office, he opened his laptop as Patrick brought him a cup of coffee, "Mr. Doesey, Ms. Brielle stopped by earlier."
Max paused, setting down his coffee to check his inbox. Aside from the email from the previous night, there was nothing new from her. She must be upset, he thought.
Max tapped a few keys and sent Brielle a message - just a question mark. As the international conference call started, there was still no word from her. Max turned his attention back to the screen, his expression unreadable.
Brielle arrived in the neighboring city by four in the afternoon. The group then took a local bus straight to the town.
Before entering Integral Elements Inc., Brielle straightened her attire. The company was housed in a quaint five-story office building, with sprawling factories just a kilometer away, employing the whole town. She had already researched Tanner, the young millionaire who returned to his hometown after college to start a business and enriched not just himself but his entire community.
To persuade a man like that, she knew that mere talk of fame and fortune wouldn't
suffice.
"Sorry, Ms. Brielle, Mr. Tanner is currently entertaining guests," the receptionist informed her upon arrival.
Brielle smiled and gestured towards the lobby sofas, "We'll wait right here.
The receptionist had no choice but to oblige, offering them refreshments as they settled
1.
Lucinda's expression was one of cool indifference as she settled into her seat, her words dripping with sarcasm as she criticized Integral Elements Inc.'s penny-pinching ways. "After all these years, they're still holed up in this small town," she muttered.
"Brielle, why did we bother to come in person? Without Integral Elements Inc., there are still other companies. We need to maintain a higher posture. After all, we represent Dorsey International. Your decision is not wise at all."
Lucinda had held her tongue until now, but the audacity to speak her mind came from a text she had just received from a colleague.
Mr. Spencer had decided to promote her over Brielle, to put her in charge as the manager of the Mergers and Acquisitions department. With a smirk, she thought, why bother with the pretense of deference in front of Brielle any longer?
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10
Brielle's knees doubled as a makeshift desk for her laptop as she cast a glance at Lucinda. "Have you looked into this company's cash flow, market share, profits, and sales forecasts?" she asked, her tone casual but pointed.
Lucinda's face tightened, her annoyance growing by the second. Being called out in front of the others like this was a low blow from Brielle.
Fingers dancing across the keyboard, Brielle didn't need a physical proposal in front of her; she had meticulously analyzed the future trends of Integral Elements Inc.
The firm wasn't large, but it was a powerhouse of profitability, with each employee generating a whopping three hundred percent profit for the company.
What's more, Integral Elements Inc. had cut costs to the bone by eliminating packaging, engineering design, and marketing expenses.
Their long-term relationship with Dorsey International was built solely on reputation no small feat. Just that alone made their trip worthwhile.
After quietly finishing up her notes, Brielle looked up at the trio before her.
"Organize the reports you've prepared yourselves," she instructed calmly.
Lucinda was the first to express shock. "What reports?"
The two male colleagues' brows furrowed in confusion. "You mean the proposal? But wasn't that kicked back by Mr. Spencer?"
Brielle took a deep breath, her gaze sharp. "Besides the proposal, I want all the preliminary research we've done on Integral Elements Inc. - their distribution channels, logistics, you name it. If we're going to impress Tanner, we need to understand this company inside. out.”
Lucinda, who hadn't even brought her laptop, stood there empty-handed. "Why all the fuss? We're here. Isn't that enough?"
"Lucinda," Brielle's voice turned icy. "If that's your attitude, you might as well go back now. I didn't bring you here to make snarky comments. You're employees, and if you don't even have the basic data with you, what do you think we're here for? To have tea with Tanner?"
Lucinda's face flushed with embarrassment and anger. She usually got on well with Brielle, but today had been a series of humiliations.
Recalling the text from that colleague, she snapped. "This mess is your fault! If you'd just groveled to Mr. Spencer, we wouldn't be here getting eaten alive by mosquitoes!"
With that, she stormed off, forwarding the incriminating text to the two male colleagues.
- [Lucinda, Mr. Spencer was in the office this afternoon. He's making you manager, and
1/3
Chapter 10
Brielle's been demoted!]
Now she was the boss, and Brielle was nothing. Poor thing got cheated on by her fiancé and lost her job. Haha, she didn't even know yet.
Brielle could sort everything out here herself. When the time came, Lucinda would swoop in with the proposal and seal the deal with Tanner. All the credit would be hers, and Brielle's efforts would be for nothing.
The two men had been in a sour mood since boarding the plane, but out of respect for Brielle's position, they had followed her. Now, with the text in hand, they found an outlet for their frustration and quickly followed Lucinda out.
"Lucinda, don't be upset. She can't do it alone."
"She's always been like this, acting all high and mighty. Let's head back and watch her fail.
They left as if it was all Brielle's fault.
Lucinda felt a surge of relief and adopted a softer tone, "Ah, negotiation is really a man's game. Once I'm manager, I'll make sure the guys step up."
That was exactly what the men wanted to hear, winning their approval. The trio booked tickets home, leaving Brielle alone in the waiting area. Blinking away the sting of tears, she tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and dove back into the data.
A new email popped up, a single question mark from Max, dripping with condescension. After a moment's hesitation, Brielle deleted it. She wasn't going to wait for a savior in a
suit.
With newfound clarity, she focused more intently on her work. After another hour, she finally saw Tanner, flanked by two associates, walk in.
Gathering her laptop and files, Brielle approached him.
"Mr. Tanner, long time no see," she greeted, extending a hand with a warm smile.
Tanner recognized her but frowned at the thought of the still-missing proposal, feeling played by Dorsey International. "Ms. Brielle, what are you still doing here?"
"Mr. Tanner, the missing proposal was my oversight, but I'm hoping you'll give me another chance. This is the prospectus I've prepared for Integral Elements Inc. I hope you'll consider it before making your decision."
Tanner, a man in his forties with an imposing yet efficient demeanor, looked at the thick prospectus, intrigued by its heft. "Seventy-five pages?"
Most prospectuses
were a few pages at best; this one was a tome.
"It includes my analysis of Integral Elements Inc.'s operations, debt-to-equity ratio, and as
2/3
16.05
Chaph
you hold a hundred percent stake in Integral Elements Inc., you know well that the company needs this IPO opportunity."
The sheer volume of the seventy-five-page document was a testament to Brielle's dedication, and it softened Tanner's initial skepticism. Glancing at his watch, his expression softened further. "I have another meeting in ten
minutes.
Brielle sighed in relief and gestured for him to proceed.
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11
Tanner didn't waste any time getting to the heart of the matter. "Going public might seem appealing, but it goes against the very ethos we've built at Integral Elements Inc. We've always prided ourselves on the quality of our products, yet the costs of an IPO are astronomical."
For the company, hitting the stock market could mean a surge in funding and the chance to scale up operations significantly. For the shareholders of Integral Elements Inc., it meant a swift cash-out opportunity. But there was a downside, a heavy one. Going public would mean being held hostage to short-term gains. Cutting corners on quality to meet quarterly targets was a compromise Tanner couldn't stomach. "Mr. Tanner," Brielle started, her voice steady and convincing, 'a company's purpose is to create jobs and innovate, right? If we end up preoccupied with repaying corporate debts, we'll lose focus on maintaining our standards. You have the helm now, but with Dorsey International's offer, you could take the company public under our wing, all the while retaining your control. Dorsey International is ready to invest heavily in R&D, without forcing a relocation from your hometown."
The prospect of retaining control was tantalizing. Other firms might have dangled fatter checks, but none could offer the reins.
Tanner eyed Brielle, aware that he mustn't seem too keen, lest he lose the upper hand. "Ms. Brielle, if I have Dorsey International's bid on my desk by nine tomorrow morning, we can talk turkey." After all, Brielle's words were just that-words-until they were inked on paper.
Brielle exhaled a sigh of relief. To Dorsey International, Integral Elements Inc. was a mere morsel, and control was a small price to pay for a potentially lucrative acquisition. Now, the real hurdle was the bid document. Tanner's interest was piqued, and a prompt submission would all but seal the deal.
"Don't worry, Mr. Tanner. I'll pull out all the stops."
The negotiation had been amicable enough. Rubbing her tired eyes, Brielle booked an evening flight back to the city. When Brielle arrived at the company, there were still many people working overtime in the department. Colleagues surrounded Lucinda, showering her with congratulations.
Lucinda was basking in the glow of her apparent triumph. When she caught sight of Brielle, her eyebrows lifted with smug satisfaction.
Brielle's face remained impassive. She had gone to Integral Elements Inc., despite Spencer's call, not wanting to waste the prospectus she'd labored over for nights on end.
1/2
16.05
Chapter 11
She had also set a trap. Tanner's willingness to consider a partnership with Dorsey International had been swayed by the seventy-five-page document. Otherwise, he wouldn't have given her the time of day. His concern was for the thousands of employees, not names or profits; he wanted a gesture of sincerity. If Lucinda thought she could take her place, a rude awakening awaited her at tomorrow's meeting. Ten minutes later, Lucinda approached Brielle's desk, barely concealing her triumph.
"Send me those files on Integral Elements Inc., will you? Mr. Spencer has handed me the bid. I'll be the one talking to them tomorrow." "I've no files."
Lucinda's face paled, her chest heaving with indignation. "What do you mean?"
Brielle's gaze slid away as she chuckled lightly. The data is mine-gathered through my own efforts in the field. It doesn't belong to the company."
Lucinda's ambitions were no longer hidden. "Brielle, don't blame me for speaking the truth. You're just too petty, no wonder Mr. Spencer doesn't like you."
With Spencer's backing, Lucinda felt untouchable. "Hand over the files, or don't bother coming in tomorrow."
Brielle paused briefly, reflecting on her contributions. Discarded like yesterday's news, she, felt a tightness in her chest at the thought. "It's not just tomorrow. I won't be coming back at all. Tell Spencer, without me, the acquisition of Integral Elements Inc. won't go through." Lucinda scoffed. "As if we need you. The deal will go smoother without."
Brielle had no desire to waste any more time in this office. The trap was set, and by morning, Tanner would find the flaws. As she imagined the so-called elite scrambling, a surge of satisfaction washed over her. Did Spencer really think she had no other options beyond Dorsey International? He had no idea that his rise at Dorsey International was largely thanks to her tireless efforts.
Meanwhile, Spencer kept glancing at his phone, expecting an apology from Brielle by nightfall. Offending him meant having to answer to the Haywood family.
With a snort, he twirled his phone in his hand. If Brielle admitted her mistake and promised to stop pestering Lillian, he might just forgive her. After all, Brielle was competent, no doubt about that.
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12
But by 10 p.m., Brielle hadn't sent a message. Spencer felt uneasy, as if something was slipping out of control. Yet, thinking of the Haywoods' attitude towards him, which was like they'd gladly gift-wrap Brielle and deliver her to his bed, a flicker of relief crossed his eyes. After all, Brielle would have to give in eventually.
Brielle packed her belongings, printed her resignation letter, and left it on her desk. Then, with a box in her arms, she descended to the lobby.
No sooner had she steadied herself than a blinding light shone on her. She raised her hand to shield her eyes and turned to see a familiar license plate.
Her first thought was whether this man wanted her again. After all, there was hardly any other reason he would seek her out.
The car slowly approached and came to a halt The door opened. Brielle, still clutching the box, bent down to peer inside and, sure enough, saw the man in a suit, looking a
ras dazzling as a painting but just too cold.
"Uncle Max," she called out without any intention of joining him. She really wasn't in the mood tonight.
Max's fingertips lightly played with the rosary on his wrist, his demeanor indifferent. After a long pause, he softly commanded, "Get in."
"If I do, with Uncle Max's stamina, I'm sure I won't be able to leave." She held the box earnestly.
Brielle intended to create a promiscuous persona around Max. It'd be better to keep their entanglements strictly to the bedroom. Otherwise, she feared she might one day fall too deep. One Spencer was already draining enough, and Max clearly played in a different league.
Moreover, Max never asked if it was her first time when they slept together. He simply didn't care. Adults all knew the rules; it was unreasonable to pretend otherwise.
Max arched an eyebrow, a slight smirk tugging at his lips because of her words. His gaze dropped to the box in her arms. His cool fingertips clasped her wrist and forcefully pulled her in. "Quitting your job?" The box she held was too conspicuous to go unnoticed.
Brielle didn't struggle and leaned into his embrace. They'd slept together. There was no point in feigning modesty now. "Yeah, I've been cast aside after serving my purpose." Since she was resigning anyway, she might as well continue setting a timebomb here with Max. She hoped when the bomb exploded, Spencer would be able to withstand the blast.
1/2
Chapter 12
"Uncle Max, Dorsey International has so many ventures-can you handle them all? There's so much opportunity for graft."
He caught her chin between his fingers, sensing the subtext in her words, "Like what?"
"Have you noticed the building not far from Dorsey International? Spencer and the other directors built it specifically for new product development. It cost a fortune. You probably didn't receive the approval contract overseas because they split the total investment into smaller amounts, each just under the threshold that would require your personal approval. How much do you think they skimmed off?" Spencer's negligence in departmental affairs meant she knew all about these dealings.
Max had mentioned the company's public accounts on his first day, but the directors' petty theft was just a drop in the bucket compared to what could be.
"I've been to that building. The entrance boasts an antique 18th-century screen and a set of vintage vases. Every chair is a peach wood piece from the French Empire era, beside Empire-style display cabinets adorned with British enamel tableware. The floors covered with $50,000 Persian carpets. For a research building, why the need for such luxury?"
are
Max watched her quietly for a while before looking up and instructing someone in front, "Investigate this." The billion-dollar building, supposedly a research center, was probably just a playground for those directors. It was well hidden.
Brielle's eyes curved in satisfaction. Once the building's secrets were exposed, Spencer would be in for it. Her gloominess at losing her job instantly vanished. "Uncle Max, they hold a party there every Friday. Spencer calls it the 'Friday Night Decadence Club.' You should raid it then. You'd catch them red-handed." Spencer was waiting for her apology, right? Ha. She'd use Max to dismantle his happy haven.
Max's fingertips traced her waist before addressing Patrick, "Did you hear that?"
Patrick nodded respectfully and made several phone calls to arrange everything.
Max's chilly fingertips touching her skin sent a tingling sensation like small currents burrowing through her pores. "What reward would you like?" His voice, always cool and indifferent, somehow didn't seem harsh.
"A reward?"
Brielle relaxed her body, her gaze lazily downturned in a seemingly flirtatious yet innocent. manner. She wasn't trying to be seductive, but her eyes were enchantingly so.
As she mulled over the idea of a reward, her phone rang. It was Lucinda, likely frustrated after a setback at Integral Elements Inc. With the contract signing the next day, they must have called Tanner tonight. It probably didn't go well.
Chapter 12
Brielle hung up, only to receive a text message shortly after.
[Brielle, Tanner said you have the prospectus. How selfish to take such an important document. What company would want someone like you? Hand it over now!]
Lucinda was clearly losing her cool. They had called Integral Elements Inc., Tanner had picked up, and when asked about the prospectus, their response was lackluster. Tanner had been blunt and hung up without considering their feelings.
Facing Tanner and Integral Elements Inc. tomorrow would likely result in a tongue-lashing. The thought of the impending embarrassment made everyone nervous. All these people were top talents; they couldn't stand such treatment.
Lucinda sent another message.
- [The data you used company resources to investigate belongs to the company. You have no right to take it.]
Brielle almost laughed at the message. She'd seen shameless, but this was a
new level. Having someone like that replace her was Spencer's goal, and indeed, it filled her with defeat and indignation.
No worries, she'd got another trick up her sleeve now, a real doozy waiting for Spencer.
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13
Brielle dismissed the barrage of notifications on her phone with a flick of her thumb, "Patrick, could you stop at the next intersection, please?" Her tone was indifferent, laced with a weariness that seemed to seep into the bir around her.
Through the rearview mirror, Patrick tried to glean some sort of cue from Max's expression, a sign of what he might be thinking, but his face was impassive. As they reached the crossroads, he obeyed the request and brought the car to a smooth halt.
Brielle clutched the box a little tighter, a flicker of disappointment crossing her mind. She had half-expected Max to ask her to stay, but he remained seated, his demeanor as detached as a statue devoid of emotion.
"Uncle Max, not even a goodbye?" she teased, resting against the window, her long hair falling around her face, making it seem even smaller. Her eyes caught the reflection of the vibrant streetlights, beautiful and clear. She was just joking, and before waiting for a response, she walked across the pedestrian walkway, carrying her box.
Max watched her in silence, his gaze lingering long after she'd faded from view.
She was like a wounded animal, licking its injuries alone, trying to bristle with soft spines to protect the last remnants of its.dignity amidst the turmoil.
Brielle walked with her back straight, only slowing her pace when she was out of the reach of that penetrating gaze.
Her apartment was close by. The chill of the evening breeze was just what she needed. Hope only bred greater disappointment.
The ringtone of her phone cut through her thoughts. It was Spencer calling this time. Anxious about not receiving an apology from her, his impatience was palpable.
Brielle snorted softly and promptly blocked his number.
Soon after, Lillian's call came through. Probably Spencer again. Those two were inseparable. Another number blocked.
Once inside her apartment, she powered on her computer to browse job listings but noticed a new email in her inbox instead, an offer letter for the position of Director of Mergers and Acquisitions at Dorsey International. The sender was Max.
Her fingers trembled slightly, and her eyes widened in disbelief as she read and reread the
message.
Was she being offered Spencer's job?
She replied with a simple question mark. There was a hint of trepidation, fearing she might be misreading his intentions.
16.05
Max probably hadn't arrived at the Premier Palace yet. He sent it from the car? Imagining him with a stern face, typing each word of this email. Brielle's lips curved up, and she quickly saw the reply.
[Reward.]
A terse response, yet it oddly warmed her heart.
-[Uncle Max, is this you playing favorites?]
The thought left her feeling elated, as if the world was celebrating with fireworks. She had left feeling suffocated, and now she had an opportunity to return and turn the tables. She wasn't about to let it slip by. The impending troubles with the Dorsey and Haywood families could wait. For now, the thrill of the moment was what mattered.
Expecting no further replies, she was surprised to receive another email, containing just one word-[Yeah.]
A wave of emotion washed over Brielle. She had never received any gifts from Spencer during their long acquaintance, and in her thirteen years with the Haywood family, all she had to show was this modest apartment. Even the car she drove was bought with her own salary.
The comparison made the disappointment more glaring. Spencer was nothing, not even worth a dime.
[Rest assured, Uncle Max, I am ready to devote myself entirely to the cause.]
She sent the message with a sense of mischief, enjoying this odd game they played. Max seemed to have a peculiar fondness for it.
After sending the email, she closed the job search tab and ordered some late-night comfort food, including a few bottles of wine.
Fresh out of the shower, the doorbell rang.
Assuming it was the delivery person, she wrapped a towel around her hair and opened the door. The man on the doorstep glanced at her attire, his anger giving way to surprise.
Brielle stepped back, pulling her robe tighter, the collar barely hiding the marks on her neck.
Spencer? What was he doing here?
His gaze lingered on the outline of her body beneath the flimsy nightgown; and he frowned in disapproval. "Dressed like that to answer the door? Brielle, you've grown bold." He was incensed that she had the audacity to block him, and moreover, Lucinda had mentioned she was thinking of resigning.
"As if resigning is some sort of threat, he sneered, his eyes finally catching the marks on
her neck
"What's this?" Spencer wasn't a three year old child, and he felt his anger surging "Brielle, you'd better explain yourself!!
He'd left similar marks on Lillian more times than he could count, but seeing them on
Brielle incensed him
Brielle no longer bothered to cover up, her arms crossed defiantly. If there's nothing else. I'd appreciate it if you left.
Spencer shoved past her, his anger palpable as he frantically searched the apartment, checking behind curtains and furniture. It was almost comical.
Just then, the food delivery arrived. Brielle popped open a bottle of wine and began to eat in the living room.
Unable to find anyone, Spencer's fury seemed ready to explode. "Don't forget our engagement! Brielle, you're just like Lillian said, a shameless flirt!"
She chuckled lightly, swirling the wine in her bottle, "And Lillian teaches you about shame while in your bed?"
His body tensed under her gaze, and he clenched his teeth. "Isn't it normal for men to play around? But when a woman does it, it's called promiscuity. You're supposed to be a lady of the Haywood family. If the media gets a hold of this, do you realize the consequences?"
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14
Brielle suddenly lost her appetite. She didn't have the energy to listen to Spencer's rage anymore. She went straight to her bedroom, changed her clothes, and stepped out.
Spencer was still in a raging fury, answering Lillian's call at the same time. When he turned and saw Brielle heading out the door, he frowned, "Where the hell do you think you're going this late? Can't you show a little decency? Are you that desperate for a guy?!"
Brielle was already infuriated with his antics. "Whether I'm desperate or not, you wouldn't know, would you? What's the matter, I'm not allowed to find myself some company when you're out with other sluts?" Spencer's pupils dilated slightly. In a fit of anger, he threw his phone towards her. "Say that one more time! Who are you calling a slut?!" Even now, he was defending Lillian.
The elevator doors had closed, and the phone smashed against the wall, spiderwebbing
the screen.
Brielle held back her frustration. Through the elevator glass, she could see the faint marks on her neck. She was so flustered by Spencer's outburst that she'd left the apartment in a low-cut top.
However, the thought that these marks were Max's handiwork, a sweet revenge, was oddly satisfying. Everyone treated her like a pushover, but they never considered that one day this pushover would grow sharp teeth.
Feeling somewhat relieved, she got in her car, and right on cue, Aubree called. "Bri, asleep yet, or up for some drinks?"
Aubree had just returned from abroad. She was Brielle's only real friend, and her nigh was always vibrant.
"You're back in town?"
Starting the car, Brielle thought a drink might do her good. Her celebration had been so rudely interrupted, she'd simply celebrate elsewhere.
"Just landed. How did you handle that snake who dared to mess around with Spencer behind your back? Does she forget who funded her college tuition? The Haywood family! If I see her tonight, I swear I'll tear her face apart!"
Aubree was fiery and never held back her words. When Brielle found out about Spencer's affair half a month ago, she immediately told Aubree. At that time, Aubree couldn't come back because she was abroad and cursed them out over the phone.
Given Aubree's temperament, she'd have blasted them on social media, but Brielle convinced her not to.
Aubree, a heiress to the Clements fortune, had a wide social circle. One post from her, and
1/31
16.05
14
the entire elite community would know.
It wasn't time to burn bridges with the Dorsey family yet. Besides, her current fling with Max was revenge enough. And this covert strategy was more effective than public. insults, it hit the Dorseys where it hurt "How else could I handle it? Spencer's been treating her like she's the apple of his eye"
"Damn, has Spencer gone blind? What does he even see in that little damsel?"
Pulling up to Tequila Sunset, Brielle immediately spotted Aubree at the entrance. Aubree was dressed to kill, her allure starkly contrasting Brielle's demure elegance, as vibrant as a blooming rose
Aubree's sharp eyes caught sight of the marks on Brielle's neck and raised an eyebrow, "No way, you still go down on Spencer after he's slept with Lillian so many times? Aren't you afraid you'll get poisoned?" "It wasn't Spencer."
Aubree's eyes widened, and she gasped in shock.
Brielle, despite her stunning looks, had always played it by the book. Ever since her engagement to Spencer, she maintained a safe distance from other men. She even once declared she'd wait until her wedding night. And now, in no time at all, she'd gone behind Spencer's back with another man,
Aubree had always told her, relationships were just that simple went for it when there was attraction. You gotta live in the moment, not the relationship.
She didn't expect that during her time abroad, Brielle had finally come around.
"Who's the guy? How was he? Tsk, those marks have faded. Must have been intense back then, huh?"
Brielle couldn't be as open as Aubree about such matters in public and pulled her toward a secluded booth. However, Aubree grabbed her hand and nodded towards the entrance, "Look, who's that?" Brielle followed her gaze and saw Lillian being hassled by a few men. Lillian still wore that fragile expression, biting her lip as if on the verge of tears. A few drunk men surrounded her, spouting filthy words. Tequila Sunset was renowned in Beaconsfield, and they had a membership system-your needed to shell out a million just for the privilege of a membership card, so the clientele was elite. Lillian had a membership card, obviously bankrolled by Spencer.
Brielle narrowed her eyes. She had created billions in assets for Dorsey International over three years. She orchestrated every major merger and acquisition, and yet, she'd reaped.
2/3
1605
Chapter 14
none of the rewards. Instead, Lillian was cashing in.
Seeing Brielle, Lillian's eyes welled up, "Bri, please help me."
Aubree cursed under her breath, fixing her glare on Lillian, "You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?"
Lillian shrank back, her lips quivering, "I didn't mean to. I'm sorry. I just thought you both looked really nice tonight, and you're regulars here, so maybe you could talk to them?"
Her words conveyed two things to the drunk men trying to take advantage. One, that Brielle and Aubree were attractive. Two, that as regulars, they were likely more approachable. "Don't bother me, go bother them." That's her implication.
Not just Aubree, even Brielle found this laughable. However, she was wary that Spencer might show up, especially since he had been on the phone with Lillian before she left. The sight of them together made her nauseous, best to avoid it, but it wasn't easy to shake off the group of strangers that had closed in.
"You snake!"
Aubree couldn't contain her rage any longer, stepping forward to slap Lillian across the face.
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15
Brielle was dragging her into the bustling crowd of the bar. "Aubree, if you start a fight, she'll just end up crying on Spencer's shoulder.
"Damn! As if I'm afraid of him!"
Brielle knew Aubree wasn't scared. Hell, she herself wanted to slap Lillian. But this was a nightclub, a regular haunt for the city's elite. If Aubree and Spencer had a showdown, tomorrow's headlines would be all about them. The Dorsey family and the Clements family would be dragged through the mud.
"Isn't your brother going to be on your case if you make a scene?"
At that, Aubree clammed up, her cheeks burning red with frustration.
The dance floor was packed and the DJ had just dropped a beat-heavy track that whipped the crowd into a frenzy. The two of them got separated in the commotion.
Left with no other choice, Brielle found a quiet corner in the hallway to call Aubree.
Aubree, jostled by the crowd, looked up to see a tall, familiar figure at the entrance and felt a shiver of fear. "Bri, where are you? I'm fine, but jeez, I must've walked under a ladder or something today. I just saw my brother. It's all that witch's fault. I want to tear her to shreds right now."
Coming back to town and walking straight into trouble was infuriating.
Just as Brielle was about to calm her down, a deep, foreboding male voice the phone, "Who's clothes are you planning to tear to shreds?" Then the line with a cacophony of noise.
Aubree had been abroad because she ran away from home.
be through led
Her brother, Andrew, was ruthless. Among Beaconsfield's most prestigious famil Clements family ranked second, and Andrew was the heir.
The call cut off, and as Brielle tried to redial to check on Aubree, she backed into a w chest. The hand that now casually wrapped around her waist sported a rosary. She looked up to see a familiar face. "Uncle Max?" What was he doing here?
The man had an aura of cool detachment about him, even in his casual suit. In the dim, almost intimate lighting of the club, he still exuded a regal presence, but his fingertips. brushing over the marks on her neck betrayed his rougher side-calluses perhaps from years of handling guns, or maybe from wielding knives.
Brielle shivered under his touch, noticing another man standing behind him. Andrew squinted at her, amusement flickering in his eyes.
"Well, well, if it isn't the Max's little canary"
Brielle didn't know him as Andrew She was good friends with Aubree but had never visited the Clements family
However, she recognized that face. Just two days ago, at this very club, she had boldly spiked Max's drink with distilled vodka-a high-proof alcohol that could floor even the most seasoned drinker. As she was helping a tipsy Max out, Andrew caught them.
Andrew had a commanding presence, like a dangerously seductive vampire out of a gothic tale.
"Let go of him now, or I guarantee you'll be missing those hands of yours soon." The threat in his eyes was palpable.
Brielle met his gaze with false bravado. "I'm a little canary he kept."
Andrew paused, his menacing aura dissipating as he smirked, surprisingly stepping aside. She managed to whisk Max away to her apartment.
Brielle didn't expect to run into Andrew so soon again, and hearing his words made her cheeks burn involuntarily. She sneaked a glance at Max. His gaze still lingered on the marks on her neck.
After a moment, he removed his jacket and draped it over her shoulders, buttoning it up to cover the mottled marks. Not even the brightest stars could outshine the tender look in his eyes.
A warmth spread through Brielle's chest, and fearing the vulnerability of the moment, she scrambled for a distraction.
"Uncle Max, is he a friend of yours?"
Andrew chuckled at her words, "So, you are a little bird playing around."
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16
The words carried with them a sting of mockery, and even the glances that swept over her felt like the hissing of a venomous snake.
Max had only briefly embraced her before letting go, as if the momentary tenderness had never existed. Maybe Brielle had just seen it wrong.
The manager of Tequila Sunset approached with a deference that bordered on reverence, "Mr. Dorsey, Mr. Clements, your drinks have been delivered to the private booth, if your please."
Andrew's lips curled into a smirk, "Max, why not bring your little canary along?"
They were close to the entrance of Tequila Sunset, but the private booth they were headed to was a world apart from the crowd.
Tequila Sunset, though a glittering den of indulgence, had its hierarchies. People like Max and Andrew belonged to a more secluded building out back. Unlike the wild dance floor, the atmosphere there was refined, more suited for romantic escapades or plotting.
corporate conquests.
Brielle knew she shouldn't go. She started to retreat but then caught sight of two men entering through the main door: Spencer and Cameron.
Cameron was Brielle's older brother, but since Brielle had only joined the Haywood family at ten, their relationship was distant. And like Miranda, Cameron had shown a considerable fondness for Lillian.
Now that the Haywood family's reins were in Cameron's hands, every time he returned from a trip, he would bring Lillian a carefully selected gift, whereas for Brielle, it was merely something a sales assistant had offhandedly recommended.
Cameron spent little time at the Haywood family home, preferring his own villa and the company of his regular companions, but Brielle always suspected that his affections lay with Lillian, for she had once seen them kiss. Presumably, he was just another man that
Lillian had charmed.
Brielle took a step back, quickly turning her back to them, and buried herself in Max's
embrace.
Spencer caught sight of Max and his demeanor shifted to one of respect, "Uncle Max." Anxiety tinged his face because Lillian had found herself in trouble here. After exchanging pleasantries, he looked ready to leave.
Cameron, however, nodded in acknowledgment and said, "Mr. Dorsey, I've long admired. your reputation."
Then his gaze shifted to Andrew, his brows knitting slightly, "Mr. Clements, I didn't expect
1/2
16:05
to see you here.
Cameron had spent the last year abroad and had crossed swords with Andrew in a
takeover battle. Andrew's name carried weight in Beaconsfield for he was known to show no mercy to his adversaries. Unlike Max's cold aloofness, Andrew did everything with a fierce edge.
He was fire, bold and brutal, while Max was the coolness of water.
Fire burns bright, and water runs deep
Fire is showy, and water is understated.
When Max and Andrew first met over a decade ago, Andrew had declared he would set Antarctica ablaze.
Antarctica, a land of ice, represented the essence of water, which typically extinguishes fire, but Andrew's bold claim implied that with enough ferocity, he could evaporate all the water. The two never came to blows, as Max had headed to Wall Street. Now standing together, their relationship seemed extraordinary,
Brielle finally snapped back to reality, realizing this must be Aubree's brother. Lost in thought, she felt a cool fingertip pinch and rub her earlobe. Her whole body shivered, her ear instantly flushed red, the heat climbing, leaving her parched and breathless.
Max's action drew the attention of the three other men to Brielle. Spencer was the first to speak, "Ms. Alivia is back in the country?"
The mention of Ms. Alivia drained the color from Brielle's cheeks. In high society, everyone knew of that celebrated young socialite. Brilliant and stunning, she was dedicated to her research, reportedly having a close relationship with the elder Dorseys.
Years ago, the Dorsey family had proposed a marriage alliance with her, which she had declined, opting instead to study abroad, a decision that had become the subject of much admiration. Could it be that the marriage she rejected was with Max?
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17
Strangely, a bout of discomfort washed over Brielle's heart.
Spencer was in a hurry to find Lillian, so after exchanging pleasantries, he and Cameron took their leave. As soon as they left, Andrew lowered his head to light a cigarette.
ins
"Speaking of Alivia, you two really are in sync, wearing the same black rosaries for so
many years."
Brielle looked down and stepped back.
Andrew, ever the stirrer, couldn't resist a jibe, "This little canary, up close she really is a looker. No wonder you haven't snuffed her out He didn't miss the marks on Brielle's neck, clearly the handiwork of Max's roughhousing.
Brielle managed a smile, quickly composed herself, and with feigned delicacy, she clung to Max's arm, "Uncle Max, I was so nervous, afraid that my fiancé or my brother would catch wind of our little dalliance." Her comment sent a flicker of amusement across Max's eyes, and made Andrew's cigarette drop to the floor. Andrew's face showed rare frustration, his gaze towards Max indescribable. The girl might be pretty, but she was a bit too affected for his taste. He really didn't get what Max saw in her.
Max leaned in slightly, murmuring, "Your choice of words is impeccable."
Brielle rolled her eyes inwardly. He really fell for that act. The romantic thoughts climbing in her heart shattered at the mention of Alivia. She adjusted her clothing. "Uncle Max, if you have business to discuss, I'll get going."
However, a strong hand reached out, pulling her deeper into the corridor.
Meanwhile, not far off, Cameron stood amidst the crowd, his brow furrowed, feeling that the woman had a resemblance to Brielle. Disdain flashed in his eyes as he dialed her number. He rarely contacted this sister; after all, he had been the sole heir to the Haywood family's fortune until this interloper came along to share the pie.
Obviously, he wasn't pleased, but Brielle's only use was that she brought back Lillian, the woman he adored.
Before the call connected, a frail voice came from behind him. "Cameron..."
His irritation vanished as he put away his phone and turned around, wrapping his arms protectively around her shoulders.
"I told you not to work here, didn't I? Lillian, why don't you use the credit card I gave you?"
Lillian's lips quivered, her eyes reddening, "The Haywood family has been so good to me. How could I spend your money? And... and Bri and I had a falling out." Chapter 17
"Cameron, I want to pay off my debt to the Haywoods as soon as I can. Spencer got me a membership here, and I only found out it costs a million. I don't know how to face him
now
Cameron's heart softened. He loved Lillian's straightforward nature, "It's just a million. Use my card to pay it off. Lillian, I-'
He cut off as Spencer approached with a few others, and Cameron fell silent.
Cameron had confessed his feelings to Lillian before. She hesitated greatly, eventually saying that if she really got together with him, it would make things awkward with Brielle. Best friends since childhood would suddenly become sisters-in-law. With Brielle's temperament, it was unlikely she'd accept it. So, Cameron found Brielle even more distasteful, feeling she couldn't stand to see Lillian happy.
Elsewhere in the Haywood family living room, Miranda sighed as she ordered the room to be cleaned. Sitting across from her was her husband, Robert. The mention of Lillian brought a pang to her heart. "That's the situation. Brielle must have been provoked somewhere to slander Lillian like that. I feel like I don't even know her anymore."
Robert held a newspaper in his hands and frowned at his wife's words. "Hasn't she always been obedient?"
"Yes, she has won so many awards and graduated from Beaconsfield College. I think maybe she has always looked down on Lillian. Lillian is kind but weak, and has always been a bit slow. We hired so many tutors for her, and in the end, we had to pay into a university. So deep down, she feels inferior. Imagine how hurt she must b hearing Brielle's words."
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18
Robert set down the newspaper he had been reading, ready to share his thoughts, when he noticed the nanny descending the staircase
"Sir, Ma'am, I was tidying up Miss Lillian's room and I found this, the nanny said, presenting a handwritten journal with Lillian's familiar scrawl on it.
The entries spanned years, right up until Lillian turned eighteen and moved out.
Miranda hates spicy food. I must remember not to add chili next time.
Miranda had a few extra helpings of the dessert I made. Seems chestnut flavor is her favorite.
Bri got mad again. Not sure if it's because I hired a tutor. I've tried saying no, but it was no use. I just want to study hard and make them proud.
Bri slapped me. I was stunned by her deep resentment. I want to move out but I'm not of age yet.
Robert has a sensitive stomach. I should make some soothing soup for him and keep antacids ready in his study.
- Cameron asked me what I wanted for a gift. I thought about it and asked for a watch Bri likes. But when I gave Bri the watch, she mocked me. Living with the Haywoods, I never wanted to compete for affection.
Miranda flipped through the pages, each one filled with care for her, Robert, and Cameron. And as for Brielle, Lillian always wanted to mend their relationship, despite the hurt she endured. Miranda trembled with fury. She had never imagined her daughter could be so two-faced. "Can you believe what she's done?! I thought she genuinely cared for Lillian, but it was all an act!"
The journal was old and hidden away, clearly not meant to be discovered. The sincerity in the journal's words laid bare Brielle's true, repulsive nature.
Miranda gritted her teeth. "Both girls came into our family together. I treated them the same. Lillian is such a sweetheart, and Bri... If only Lillian were our own."
Robert's expression soured. Every line and entry were filled with kindness and concern, without a trace of self-pity, only a wish for Brielle's happiness. Had they known, they would have never let Lillian move out, but in the end, Brielle was the daughter of the Haywood family.
"Don't be upset. Once Bri marries Spencer, we can bring Lillian back, or maybe buy her a villa nearby. I heard the poor child's been working hard to repay us. Cameron tried to give her some financial help, even offered her a card, but she wouldn't take a penny. Stubborn
16.05
Chapter 16 girl.
Miranda nodded, utterly disappointed in her own daughter.
Brielle, of course, had no idea she'd already been saddled with such a dark reputation. Approaching the private dining room, her phone rang. It was a call from a charity. organization. Stepping aside to a quiet corner, she answered the call.
The moment she earned her first paycheck, she had donated most of her salary to this charity, directing the funds to the Sunflower Children's Home, the place where she and Lillian grew up. Today was the day for her monthly donation, but she had forgotten amidst her busy schedule.
A middle-aged man's voice came through. "Ms. Brielle, hello. We've sent this month's funds to Sunflower Children's Home. The organization recently held an event teaching the children how to make pies. As their largest benefactor, the director has been eager to meet you."
"Thank you. I'll send this month's donation promptly. As for making pies, I'll pass. very skilled, and I'd prefer the director not know it's me donating."
"Understood, Ms. Brielle. We won't disturb you further."
I'm not
After hanging up, Brielle was about to turn down the corridor when she spotted Andrew smoking at the entrance of the dining room, a woman at his side. The dim hallway cast a shadow over the pair, standing too close for mere acquaintances.
The woman wore an outfit Brielle recognized as Aubree's.
Aubree took the cigarette from Andrew's lips and placed it between her own. A bold red lipstick mark soon stained the cigarette filter.
Frozen in place, Brielle remembered Aubree was the adopted daughter of the Clements family, and Andrew was their heir. There was no blood relation between them. Their current proximity was far from sibling-like.
As Brielle pondered this, Andrew grabbed Aubree's wrist and pulled her into the nearby
restroom.
The restroom door had barely shut before Aubree was pressed against the sink, her legs. instinctively wrapping around Andrew's waist.
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19
The door closed slowly, and Brielle remained rooted to the spot, unable to move an inch. She had known Aubree for years but never realized the depth of the relationship between her and
Andrew. A tumult of emotions churned within her, like waves crashing and winds howling. Didn't Andrew have a fiancée?
Brielle's head lowered, her long lashes casting deep shadows across her face, as she stood motionless.
The hallway was quiet and elegant, but the noises coming from the man had been anything but. Perhaps mindful that Max was still waiting in the private dining room, Andrew had finished quickly. His lips, his shirt collar, were smudged with telltale marks of lipstick.
Leaning against the mirror, legs weak, Aubree raised an evebrow with a smile, "Tessa didn't take good care of you?"
Andrew, with a touch of cruelty, patted her cheek and said coldly, "This kind of affair isn't something she's cut out for."
Aubree didn't reply, her face ghostly pale.
Andrew left her with a simple command, "Clean yourself up and come out," before he was
gone.
Once the washroom was silent again, Aubree straightened her attire before exiting, only to spot a shadow around the hallway corner.
"Bri..."
Aubree hadn't expected Brielle to be there, and in a flash of panic, she wasn't sure how much Brielle had seen. She knew her actions were no better than those of Lillian, and almost instinctively she tried to justify, "You have to understand, Andrew and Tessa-it's just a business arrangement. There's no love. Besides, Tessa has always been frail and has never cared for romance."
Aubree had a host of excuses to rationalize this twisted relationship. Brielle's eyes were calm as she eventually asked, "Do you think there's love between me and Spencer?"
Aubree shivered and found herself at a loss for words.
The shock to Brielle was palpable. The very person who had just been condemning Lillian had suddenly become the next Lillian.
"Bri, you wouldn't understand love. I've adored him for over a decade, since we were kids.
16.05
Chapter
The recent runaway episode? It was all because of his engagement to the Rowland family."
Andrew only saw her as a tool, but Aubree was powerless to stop her feelings. If there were a switch to turn off love and retract all emotions, she would give anything to flip it.
"Bri."
Usually cheerful and bold, Aubree had never felt so scared.
Brielle was about to leave when the dining room door creaked open. Andrew appeared, a smirk of smug satisfaction spread across his face, yet it lacked any trace of genuine emotion. "Little Canary, best forget what you just saw."
He had noticed Brielle all along but didn't care.
Unable to bear it anymore, Aubree stepped forward, her hand raised for a slap, but her wrist was caught mid-air by Andrew, who wore a mocking smile, his lips stained with red, "Go back first."
Brielle watched this unfold, frowning, and through the slightly ajar door of the booth, she locked eyes with Max.
Max remained indifferent, toying with a glass of wine, and casually patted the seat beside him.
Brielle, still wrapped in his jacket, just wanted to return it and leave. She didn't look at Aubree or Andrew, feeling the entire situation was beyond comprehension. Approaching Max, his scent enveloped her-a warm woody note with a hint of crisp rose-in the dim space. It lingered on her skin, impossible to shake off.
"Uncle Max, your jacket." She slid off the suit jacket and placed it neatly on his lap.
But Max just held her wrist, 'Feeling down?"
Of course, Brielle felt awful, like she had swallowed a fly. The nauseating sensation hovered in her chest, impossible to expel.
With the booth room door closed, isolating the pair inside, Andrew held Aubree's arm, "Acquaintance?"
Aubree's heart trembled. Even if they were strangers, he should have stopped immediately when he noticed someone nearby.
Andrew raised an eyebrow with a smirk, "You seemed more eager than me just now, Aubree. After all these years, why do you bother to act so innocent?" In some ways, Andrew and Aubree were alike-blunt, sparing no one's feelings.
Aubree raised her hand again, this time with more finesse, and the slap landed crisply.
"Snap!"
2/3
16.06
Andrew's head jerked to the side, his tongue touching his cheek. He scoffed and swallowed back the faste of blood, "Come to my villa tonight. I'll fuck you good. If you
don't show up, don't come looking for me again
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20
With that, he turned on his heel and strode into the private room without a moment's
hesitation.
Aubree stood still, her fingertips trembling slightly. A mix of affection and grievance ebbed and flowed within her, surging up and receding again, causing her an unbearable
discomfort.
She took out her phone and sent a message to Brielle, knowing she didn't want to see her, and she left first.
After watching Andrew enter the private room, Brielle felt uneasy all over. Andrew acted as if he had completely forgotten the awkward moment just before, deftly snuffing out his cigarette in the ashtray, ignoring Brielle's presence as if she were invisible.
Women, in his opinion, were like monsters. You could treat them like dogs, beat them until your hand ached, but in the end, they would still love you. He had always been the golden. boy, never giving much thought to the sort of affection that came running at a beckon.
To him, women could spend all day dreaming of love, but for men, it was all about those few peak seconds.
Andrew took out another cigarette and finally broached the topic of the evening. "Breaking into that foreign market is like gnawing on a tough bone. I've been circling for half a year to secure mining rights for three ore sites, and the rest are monopolized by Infinity Brilliance. They guard against me like I'm a wolf."
Max chuckled softly, leaning back in his chair and pushing a glass of juice towards Brielle, "Aren't you a wolf?"
Brielle considered leaving, but knowing Andrew's temper, she couldn't predict how he might react. Fortunately, with Aubree gone, she had time to cool down and put her thoughts in order. Andrew clenched the cigarette between his teeth as if he was biting down on the jugular of an enemy,
"If I had been born a few years earlier, what would those bastards matter? If it weren't for their control over ninety percent of the global diamond mining resources, I wouldn't bother dealing with those savages who point guns at your head at the drop of a hat. This time, securing the mining rights for those three mines nearly cost me my life.”
Brielle listened to their conversation, her thoughts slowly settling.
The Clements family was renowned in the jewelry business, with the two most famous brands in the region under their banner. But with scarce mineral resources at home, and South Africa being rich in them, decades ago, some shrewd investors had bought up a large portion of the South African mining rights.
The Clements had managed to procure a few mines, which laid the foundation for their
1/2
16:06
Chapter 20
fortune. However, with Andrew's generation, the opposing company had resorted to gun-to-the-head tactics, trying to force him to relinquish his mining rights.
Andrew's nature would never allow him to submit, but the current leader of Infinity Brilliance was as relentless as Max.
Max's gaze was calm, "Doesn't the director of Infinity Brilliance, Mr. Lynch have a fatal
weakness?"
The director and his wife were deeply in love, but while on al
e years s business trip, his wife gave birth to a daughter. Due to the old generation's monopoly in the diamond industry, they had made many enemies worldwide.
Their daughter went missing. A young lady, who should have been born to the finest resources, was now lost without a trace. Each year, their people would send someone to look for the daughter. Andrew smirked, extinguishing another cigarette in the ashtray, "I know what you're getting at, but that child disappeared just after birth twenty years ago. Who knows where she could have been trafficked to by now."
"With Mrs. Lynch's level of concern for her daughter, you could negotiate."
The domestic turf belonged to the four great families. If the Clements family were willing to help find the child, a small business concession would surely be acceptable to Mrs. Lynch.
Andrew narrowed his eyes, nodding as he considered the strategy. His gaze shifted to Brielle, and his lips curved into a sly smile, "Little Canary, what gem do you desire? Consider it a gift upon our meeting." Brielle detested his tone. "There's no need for Mr. Clements to go to any expense." She spoke with an air of indifference.
Andrew's eyes narrowed dangerously, his lips thinning like a blade.
Brielle believed that if Max weren't present, this man would not hesitate to put a gun to her head. In his eyes, a human life was but a piece of pretentious paper.
After a while, Andrew rose to his feet, "Aubree's waiting for me at the villa. I'll be off then. Little Canary, we'll meet again."
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21
The threat in his words sent a shiver down Brielle's spine. She was facing a man who had long held power, whose presence was so commanding it could make her tremble.
Instinctively, she leaned closer to Max, and when they were finally alone in the booth, she swallowed hard, her voice laced with anxiety, "Uncle Max, you'll talk him out of it, right?" The marks on her neck were still visible under the dim lights, hinting at a possibility of sensuality.
Brielle wouldn't mind if something happened between them in this private booth. After all, the privacy here was impeccable, and she doubted any waiter would come in to interrupt.
She reached out, her hand seeking warmth, but all she found was the cold glass of her drink.
"Go back," he said, his gaze indifferent as he draped his suit jacket over her shoulders again, "Stay out of Andrew and Aubree's business."
The implication was clear-if she meddled and something happened, he might not intervene. Knowing Andrew, he was capable of anything.
Brielle pushed down a twinge of frustration and looked up at him, "Andrew is engaged to Tessa, and he and Aubree are technically siblings. What kind of relationship is that? If Andrew's influence on Aubree is inevitable, then Aubree's feelings for him are either hate or love. Clearly, it's the latter. I don't want my friend to get hurt."
She had imagined many responses from Max, but none as cold as his next words.
"Phenylacetic acid, dopamine-when people interact, they release a cocktail of hormones that create the illusion of love."
a
His emotionless analysis came off as if he were a deity, observing the world's entanglements as nothing more than fleeting distractions. Brielle was overcome with a chill. She knew Aubree all too well. Usually full of passion and allure, Aubree would only soften and pull in her sharp edges when she was around Andrew. If she wasn't in love with him, she wouldn't show such humility.
What Brielle hadn't anticipated was Max's own rationality-his complete disbelief in love's existence.
"If love is just an illusion, then why do people get married?"
She was desperate to find examples to counter his point, but Max remained unfazed. "It's oxytocin and vasopressin at work. Even our connection is simply a result of testosterone," he explained. Speechless, Brielle felt a cold draft sweep through her. In a sudden move, she grabbed his tie and pushed him down onto the couch. She didn't know why she did it, but when she.
1/2
kissed him, she felt a little solace in her heart.
Biting down on his collarbone, she licked the beads of blood that surfaced, "Uncle Max, did you study economics and psychology?"
Max tilted his neck slightly, his hand cradling the back of her head, facilitating her nipping. "Economics and law. Psychology was a minor.
He had touched upon three disciplines that advocated absolute rationality.
"And now, what do you think is influencing us?" She deliberately tilted her head back, both hands hooked around his neck, with sultry eyes.
Max's fingers traced her lips gently. Her face was beautiful, with eyes shaped like petals, which were cold when not smiling, but disarmingly charming with a grin.
"Dopamine." The initial passion all came from dopamine, but dopamine didn't last long. From its perspective, possession was dull, and relationships built on dopamine were an exciting yet short-lived roller- coaster ride.
Watching the asceticism on his face waver slightly at her advance, something stirred in Brielle.
"Uncle Max, you don't have a fiancée, do you?"
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22
She had no intention of becoming the other woman in anyone's story.
Who Max held as his cherished memory was none of her business. Her aim was clear: she wanted to get back at a few members of the Dorsey family through Max. And she had to admit, getting tangled up with a guy like Max was no loss.
The Priest sometimes showed mercy to the mortal women, and the way he mingled with the mundane was truly thrilling. To outsiders, he personified frost, but in bed, he was a different man.
Brielle was worldly in her own ways, and after Max had laid out his theories, she found herself more drawn to him than ever. Knowledge was the highest form of allure, and every word he spoke seemed to entice her.
And in Max's eyes, her gaze was just as inviting. What happened next came naturally.
When it ended, Brielle fell asleep in his arms. Both of their phones were buzzing with notifications, but they were ignored.
The marks on her neck hadn't faded before new ones were added.
www
"Uncle Max," she said, her cheeks flushed, shedding her usual decisiveness and clarity, "The oxytocin and vasopressin you mentioned, they provide a long-lasting sense of happiness. Although dopamine is fleeting, it can draw people into a relationship filled. with passionate commitment. That's the reason why people choose to get married."
She hadn't forgotten her earlier query, murmuring before she fell asleep, "I'm not like you. believe love isn't an illusion but an instinct. Some are born with it, while others will never experience it."
Max looked down at her and couldn't resist leaving a faint kiss on her lips. "You might be right," he conceded.
When Brielle awoke, it was already noon the next day in her familiar apartment. Her phone. was flooded with missed calls-from Lucinda, her colleagues, and one from Tanner.
Tanner had called just once, probably having heard about her resignation, so he was checking in as a formality.
Brielle remembered her unfinished business with Integral Elements Inc.-that wasn't something she could just walk away from.
She dialed Tanner's number.
"Ms. Brielle," Tanner's voice was unexpectedly warm. "Heard you left Dorsey International. Found a new gig yet?"
Without that sincere prospectus, Tanner wasn't keen on collaborating with Dorsey
16.06
International. Brielle, however, was someone he wanted on his team.
Brielle found it amusing. “How did this morning's negotiation go, Mr. Tanner
Tanner knew all the ins and outs of the business world and was aware she was setting trap. Even though she had included him in her schemes, he admired her for it and didn't take offense, "Mr. Spencer and Ms. Lucinda still have much to learn, it seems."
It looked like those two hadn't had much success today. After all, Tanner was the sole architect behind Integral Elements Inc., a veteran of the business battlefield, not someone Spencer could easily handle. "Mr. Tanner, the terms we discussed last time are still on the table. I'll come to sign the contract myself, but I need to push the date back three days. Once I've secured the position of department head, I'll contact you personally."
"Ms. Brielle, you're twenty-three this year. Aspiring to a director's chair is a bit of a stretch, isn't it?"
Brielle had joined Dorsey International right after graduation, amounting to only three years of work experience. Even at another company, she'd be considered a senior employee at best, let alone at the fiercely competitive Dorsey International.
How cutthroat was Dorsey International? On his first day, Max implemented a racehorse. mechanism for all departments and teams. Whether it was the staff or the products, everyone was put on the same starting line to compete, and Dorsey International would allocate resources according to the rankings.
This survival of the fittest theory kept everyone on their toes, and though those ousted by Dorsey International were hot commodities elsewhere, no one wanted to be the one who failed in such an elite gathering.
So for Brielle to aim for a director's role at such a young age was almost a fantasy. Even if she was talented, the management wouldn't agree.
Nothing was absolute, so Brielle didn't talk too much for fear it would be off-putting. What always moved a man like Tanner was capability and sincerity.
"Mr. Tanner, I've read your early interviews. I wonder who influenced you five years ago when Integral Elements Inc. shifted from manufacturing components to establishing a tech talent agency, and started collaborating with several educational companies to create two large private schools aimed at nurturing talent for Integral Elements Inc. It was an open innovation move, yet the company's market value has been dropping every
year."
This was Tanner's sore point. When a company reached its peak, it sought innovation. Everyone agreed with the decision at the time, but it led to disaster, leaving the company in a position where it needed to be acquired.
"Ms. Brielle, anyone can find out what you mentioned with a little research. It just shows
2/3
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23
"Developing new products called for fresh components, and back in the day, what you called innovation was siphoning off resources from other parts of Integral Elements Inc., causing the original production lines to operate below capacity. Plus, you went ahead and splurged on some fancy new production machinery, which sent costs skyrocketing and profits tumbling down. Open innovation turned into a pretty facade for haphazard experimentation. Quality parts, that's where Integral Elements Inc. really shines. You're on Dorsey International's radar because of that unwavering quality. But aiming for the untapped education market? You strayed from your main game five years ago.
Brielle's voice was steady, her fingers tapping lightly on her laptop, filled with all the datal she'd compiled for Integral Elements Inc.
"Mr. Tanner, you should know that if someone opens a burger joint in a small town, the business model isn't one-size-fits-all. Because if that person tries to set up shop in another town, there's a good chance they'll find another burger joint already flipping patties, and suddenly there's nothing special about the original place. It's the uniqueness that's the real deal."
"Mr. Tanner, the initial interview was very enlightening for me. The reporter asked you a question about the business boundaries of Integral Elements Inc. Do you recall that?"
It was the company's first brush with the press. Tanner was a self-made man, riding high
at the time.
How had he responded? He said too many folks focused on boundaries, not the core.
"If you picture boundaries as gravity, every , by virtue of its mass, creates gravity. affecting every other bit of matter. The difference is-the farther from the core, the less the pull. Or, if its own mass is small, the weaker its influence. Everything's boundless, so I don't believe in setting limits. As long as the core is solid, I'll make it."
Back then, he put such stock in a company's core, but success can blind you. After many years, for the first time, someone reminded him so clearly that he had forgotten his original intentions.
A flicker of realization and amazement crossed Tanner's eyes before he finally asked, "Ms. Brielle, when do you take the helm?"
She smiled. "If all goes well, next week."
"Then here's to a fruitful collaboration."
After the call, Brielle let out a sigh of relief. She brewed herself a coffee, her phone. chiming with a bank transfer notification. The funds had gone to charity, leaving her account just shy of twenty grand. Material things never mattered much to her. Other than her modest apartment, she'd given
1/2
16.06
everything to charity.
The head of Sunflower Children's Home had been like a father to her, having rescued her when she was on the brink of starvation. He'd paid out of pocket for her hospital bills, which led to a costly divorce. Brielle always felt indebted, so most of her paycheck went to living expenses and the rest to the Sunflower Children's Home.
years, she hadn't
Her salary from Dorsey International was decent, but even after three yea indulged in luxuries.
A reminder on her phone showed today was Miranda's birthday. Having lived with the Haywood family for over a decade, it was still necessary to buy gifts, but even if she spent the whole twenty grand, Miranda probably wouldn't bat an eyelash.
Brielle decided to get crafty. She changed clothes and headed out to the supermarket for baking supplies, planning to whip up a birthday cake herself.
Miranda had a sweet tooth but always fretted over calories, so Brielle picked low-calorie options for the cake.
Just as she finished the cake, her phone rang. It was Robert. "Bri, where you at? Lillian's getting hungry."
It seemed that Lillian would also be at the family dinner tonight.
16.06
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24
Lillian had always been a staple at every major family gathering, her presence as expected as the turkey on Thanksgiving.
Brielle suddenly lost her appetite for the outing. I'm swamped with work, Dad. I'll have someone drop off the cake."
Robert glanced at Spencer sitting across from him. Spencer was seated next to Lillian, and his complexion didn't look very good.
That morning's negotiation with Integral Elements Inc. had been a battlefield, with Tanner sparing no one's feelings, his sharp tongue rattling the upper echelons of management. If it hadn't been for the protective wing of Spencer's father, Max would have gotten wind of it by now.
And that-Tanner, he had the gall to dress down the whole M&A department like they were rookies. He was just small company's man. Where did his audacity even come from?
It all came back to Brielle.
Spencer was holding his rage, and with Brielle not answering his calls, he planned to take it out on her as soon as she showed up.
However, Brielle was a no-show, and now with Robert's remark, "Bri's caught up at work. She'll probably be late," the Haywood family seemed to be still in the dark about her resignation.
Sarcasm covered Spencer's face as he leaned back, the front legs of his chair already dangling in the air. "Working late? What job does she have to work late at? I've already fired her. She just doesn't want to come, does she?"
His words frosted the atmosphere.
First it was Lillian, her face shadowed by disappointment, instinctively leaning towards Cameron as if to distance herself from Spencer.
"Bri's still mad at me. I'm sorry, Miranda, that your birthday has been soured by this."
Miranda was trembling with indignation. Her own daughter made up excuses to skip her birthday! And with Spencer there, she felt utterly humiliated.
She bit back her anger, pulling out her phone and calling Brielle on the spot.
Without pleasantries, Miranda cut to the chase, "Spencer's here, and why didn't you tell us you're not at Dorsey International anymore? What's gotten into you lately, Bri? Are you trying to break our hearts?" Parents never admitted to playing favorites, especially not when the favorite was an outsider.
1/2
16:06
"I don't care what you're doing. Get over here now!" And with that, Miranda hung up before Brielle could even respond. Looking at the cake she had made herself, Brielle had no choice but to grab it and leave her apartment.
Family ties held her there, a complete fallout was not an option unless the Haywoods crossed a line they hadn't yet dared.
Back at the Haywood residence, Miranda was seething "Let's start eating. We can't wait for her."
Lillian hesitated before retrieving a cake from the fridge. "Miranda, I made this myself, your favorite chestnut flavor."
Miranda's mood softened at the sight of Lillian, "Bless you, Lillian, always so thoughtful
Lillian offered a tight-lipped smile, glancing at Spencer and then at Cameron, whose usually brooding demeanor softened under her gaze.
The sound of a car came from outside the door. It was Brielle's mid-range sedan.
She was quick to enter, holding the cake. Seeing the family gathered cheerfully at the table, she felt like an intruder.
"Dad, Mom, Cameron, she called out as if she hadn't noticed Spencer and Lillian.
With a cake already on the table, she handed hers to the housekeeper. "Put this in the fridge, please."
The per had been working for the Haywood family for over a decade, skilled a reading the room. As her grip loosened, the cake fell to the ground. The cake Brielle had spent hours on crumbled to pieces. Brielle gave the housekeeper a nonchalant look.
The housekeeper's eyes flashed contemptuously, "Miss, that cake must've cost a pretty penny, huh?"
Before Brielle could reply, Miranda launched into a tirade. "No matter the cost, does it have the sincerity of a homemade one? Lillian even chose my favorite flavor. You come home dragging your feet, and you even pretend not to see your sister and fiance. I'm starting to wonder if you've been possessed."
The old Brielle had been so compliant.
Then Mirada thought of that diary. It seemed to Miranda that Brielle had only been pretending all along, and now she didn't even care to maintain the facade.
16.06
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25
Bricite took a deep breath, the tension in the room palpable-like she'd crashed a private party. She felt like an unwelcome quest, her presence a hard pill to swallow for some.
She should leave, but she didn't. Instead, she picked a spot, sat down, and breezed, "Mom, happy birthday. Looks like we the Haywoods might just have double the reason to celebrate tonight."
Miranda's face was a mask of frost, her annoyance clear at the sight of her daughter. Belle's next words rooted her to the spot.
Cameron, isn't it time to make things official with Lillian? I saw you two hugging three years ago. Surely, you haven't let her slip away, have you?"
Cameron was taken aback. Brielle was the last person he expected to bring this up. After Lall, Lisa had made it clear that the idea of her best friend becoming her sister-in-law
msde Brielle queasy.
itice mood around the table shifted. Miranda's face lit up as she gaped in disbelief. Lillian was such a wonderful person, entirely deserving of her son. If they got married, Lillian would officially be part of the Haywood fold.
intCameron you and Lillian, are you really..."
avinands was over the moon, as if she wanted to drag the couple to the registry office right
in die are there
meron
haunt anticipated their relationship being thrust into the spotli beeper many since Lillian hadn't given him a definitive answer yet. Brielle's A amed mer heardie perfect opportunity to make things official. turnausted to look achillian, only to find her face a picture of panic. Under the
doubledhed Spencer's sleave in a silent plea for help.
artcors potenc vective instincts flared. He saw Brielle's move as venomous-using ywood years cars affection like a noose around Lillian's neck to coerce her into
myian Canicroneton.
lon clenched het hementnmmerally cursing Brielle for meddling.
Crosy tamtitch!
1.
pping rod bombonbilet pohooned the weight on Brielle's chest. While the others lost their bette, here seemed now have proved. She lowered her head to cut into the steak and ikea sip of red wett/GentCranston congrats on the upcorning nuptials. You two are al Ich made in heaven,iven
meron had never seen isinils in couch a favorable light. His gaze softened as he looked Libian. "Lillian what do role thank think?"
16 05.
Lillian bit her lip as tears fell. To Cameron, they were tears of joy. To Spencer, they were tears of a woman cornered and in distress.
Brielle smirked, seeing right through the act. Classic. Always the damsel. Lillian never needed to step forward herself. She could resolve everything by hiding behind others. Her manipulation was top-notch; no wonder she had men wrapped around her finger.
"Lillian, if you don't fancy my brother, just cut him loose. What's with the tears? Are you overwhelmed or just playing the victim? Or, is it that you've got a better offer?"
Before the words had fully left her mouth, Spencer stood up, his patience at its end. "Enough, Brielle! Back off!"
Brielle took another delicate sip of her wine, all nonchalance. "Why so defensive? Cam's cool. What's got your gears grinding?"
This was Haywood territory, and any overt reaction from Spencer would be as good as a confession to the observant eyes around them. Spencer stiffened, itching to take a piece out of Brielle.
Brielle, eyes on Cameron, feigned wholehearted support, "Cameron, I'm totally on board with this future sister-in-law of mine. Go for it.
Cameron frowned, puzzled at Lillian's silence.
Lillian knew she had to speak up or the night would end in disaster. Her lips trembled. "Cameron, I'm grateful for your care. Miranda, you've been wonderful to me, and Robert, you too. I consider you all family. This proposal is so sudden, I'm just not prepal
She trailed off, unable to articulate her true feelings. Her words were all nonser ambiguous and vague, yet they gave Cameron a glimmer of hope.
1606
###Chapter 26
hapter 26
Cameron breathed a sigh of relief. It's indeed a little abrupt. "No worries, take your time to
think it over."
Spencer's face darkened with fury at the side. The woman who frequented his bed was now considering settling down with another man. How had he never noticed Cameron's affection for Lillian before?
But besides Cameron's feelings, the instigator that brought this to light was even more despicable. He shot Brielle a venomous glare, but she remained as cool as if it was just another day. While they were talking, Brielle had finished her meal, delicately wiping the corners of her mouth with a napkin. "Now that we've discussed my brother's business, let's talk about mine, shall we? Spencer, don't you have something to say?"
in seize Spencer stiffened, his face turning a shade paler. Brielle wasn't seriously going this chance to trap him in marriage, was she? Disgust swept through him, and suddenly, he lost his appetite completely. 'Brielle, are you itching to get hitched with me or what?" he asked, his tone dripping with disdain, though he was careful to keep it subdued out of respect for the Haywood family.
Lillian, who was on the sidelines, heard this and clenched her fists secretly in anger. Brielle, that bitch, no wonder she purposely talked about her and Cameron tonight. It turned out she wanted to marry Spencer herself. Lillian's fingernails dug into her pal marring the skin.
Lillian used to deliberately lead Brielle to find out about her and Spencer, and even lur Brielle to that villa so she could catch them in bed together.
Back then, while Spencer was complaining about Brielle's dullness, he was fucking Lillia good and hard. And Brielle had stood at the door, her face ashen.
Lillian had thought she won easily, but tonight reminded her that as long as Spencer's engagement stood, she would always be the mistress lurking in the shadows. She couldn't accept that. Brielle hadn't expected Spencer to twist her words so, and seeing his face that was filled with aversion, she found it almost laughable. This man was far too full of himself.
"It's not about getting married. It's about breaking off the engagement."
Once she returned to Dorsey International, Faith and Miranda, and even Spencer's father would be after her. It's better to dump him first than be dumped, at least to save some dignity. Spencer froze, and after a moment, felt an unbearable sense of humiliation. It was a
16:06
Chapter
humiliation that struck out of nowhere, and the memory of the marks he'd seen on Brielle's neck surged forward like a slap in the face.
The woman he had no desire to bed, had been with another man.
He felt rage and bitterness. Who would want to sleep with such a log? She must be frigid in bed
The jab hit a raw nerve, and he lashed out without thinking "Brielle, what, got a taste for those male prostitutes, did you? How low can you get? You are engaged to me, yet you've been with other men. The mere thought of you makes me sick."
His words cast an eerie silence over the room. Miranda, already in shock, felt the room spin as she processed this new revelation.
With a fiancé as eligible as Spencer, her daughter was still fooling around. She couldn't believe it, fear creeping into her disbelief as she demanded confirmation. "Is what Spencer's saying true?"
Brielle laughed lightly, surprised Spencer would bring such matters into the open. The nerve of him.
"Spencer, don't you have someone you like? Or are you just playing the field, with no intention of marrying?"
Her words not only hit Spencer but grazed Lillian too. Lillian fought to keep her expression neutral, her jaw clenched tight. She tried to convince herself that Brielle was just trying to drive a wedge between them.
Spencer loved her, and he had made promises. He surely wanted to marry Brielle, sticking to him like gum on a shoe, impossible to shake off.
just
Spencer was caught off guard by this statement, and almost instinctively, he answer. Of course, he wanted to marry Lillian. But then he caught sight of Brie smile, and the promise died on his lips. What was happening to him?
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27
The air at the dinner table was thick with unspoken tension, which erupted violently when Miranda suddenly lost her cool. She grabbed Brielle by the hell have you been up to outside this house?"
ollar of her blouse. "What the
Brielle had only just finished a tryst with Max the night before, and the faint marks that had begun to fade were now a vivid crimson. As her collar was yanked open, those damning marks were exposed to the scrutinizing eyes of everyone present.
Miranda froze, then, unable to contain her fury, she slapped her daughter across the face. "How could I have raised a daughter like you! Get out! Get out of
my sight!"
It was all over. Her daughter had been fooling around behind the back of the Dorsey family's son. If Faith got wind of this, the Haywoods would be in jeopardy. Faith, who never tolerated any nonsense, would never allow her son to marry a fickle
woman.
How did things get this bad? Miranda's fingertips quivered with the urge to s
slap her daughter again, but she found herself powerless, torn between regret for raising such daughter and resentment towards Brielle's disobedience.
Brielle wiped the corner of her mouth where the slap had landed harder than ever before. She should feel heartbroken, but instead, there was a bizarre sense of relief.
Lillian, witnessing the scene, felt like she'd just won the lottery. Brielle, always so prim and proper, had been cavorting with someone behind closed doors. She feigned shock, covering her mouth, "Bri, have you been cheating on Spencer?"
Brielle calmly fixed her slightly disheveled hair, "My fiancé has been keeping a bitch as his mistress on the side. Why shouldn't I get my revenge? Spencer, you were right. He did indeed show me what I was missing."
The thought of a male prostitute, one who wouldn't even show his face, and yet made Brielle willing to break off her engagement, was a humiliation too intense for Spencer to believe. Spencer's chest heaved with anger, his eyes red with rage.
Brielle was always so composed. How could she fall for a male prostitute? How could she go crazy like this?
Spencer felt a metallic taste in his mouth, as if tasting blood. His fiancée was ready to toss him aside for a male prostitute. It was an embarrassment, a slight that made him feel an unfamiliar pang of hurt. She even said that male prostitute was irresistible, words that didn't sound like they could come from Brielle.
Spencer's heart ached. Was he not attractive enough? Was his family not prestigious enough? How dare she!
1/2
16:07
"I disagree. His voice was hoarse, his gaze piercing, "I will not dissolve our engagement, Brielle. You've lost your mind."
He didn't understand why he wouldn't agree, only that he couldn't stand to stay there any longer.
Brielle had changed so much.
Spencer had never wanted to destroy someone so badly, all because of that detestable male escort. If he ever found that gigolo, he would make him pay dearly.
Brielle hadn't expected Spencer to react this way, and it only added to her frustration. Yet, seeing the color drain from Lillian's face brought her a twisted sense of satisfaction. So, Lillian, his long-term mistress, meant so little to Spencer after all.
However, it still wasn't enough. She remembered the rage and humiliation of catching them together. Comparing that to what they were experiencing now, it was a drop in the
ocean.
"Mr. Spencer, you sure have a big heart, knowing your fiancée has been promiscuous and yet refusing to break off the engagement. Seems like you have a taste for being cuckolded."
Her laugh was cold as her gaze swept over the shocked faces around her. She gracefully picked up her purse.
After tonight, the Haywoods would no longer see her as the obedient daughter. The Dorseys probably wouldn't hear about this shameful affair right away, as no one present would want to spread such disgraceful news. Except for Lillian-who knew what she might stir up.
But Brielle didn't care anymore. Things had escalated to a point of no return.
The constraints of both the Haywood family and the Dorsey family made her feel. miserable day and night. It would be better to break free from them sooner. And somehow, she had always suspected Spencer wouldn't let go of their engagement so easily. He had been talking about it for years, yet aside from verbal humiliation, he never
took action.
That was why she chose Max.
Max was her last card to play to end this engagement-a card she wouldn't play unless absolutely necessary.
Because the stakes were high, and it was a card she couldn't control. It could set off a chain of events she wasn't ready to deal with yet.
712
16:07
Clehtprente
he stopped od tfromthe Hatwoodgroeidenice,
rating a breath of reiler as it she wana
ing all and toxicity from harerun tshshebad revertelt such a surse of liberation.
on the agenda was to porecte for her newtich inoroughly she was about to go barkac show her colleaguoseno ob dotat ndtvet wtion show as truly capable of.
Nie plaven on her lips as she felten be brichterhansad of her wrhout a single atton, sile hopood to hercaic elutinoso anonedhat she drier a few blocks than
ing beam of high-beam headlights dad dreyevanststinctively, she jaded thou
no wheel in a panicnic.
holight the high-beam was an accident en at first, hire from the corner of her eye, she
the other vehicle barreting towards he temporaleled st shy swervact, spinning the he hard. The car jolted violently barbering agrondho comer before crashing into a side flowerbed orehead stamned against the windshield, thebainesclocking her unconscious.
the car's hood starting to spoke, drielte unbuckdico naree seatbelt and saw two men
onching her
lérielle, our boss would litte a word with you
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28
TEM was bogov, and fonamomem, she even wordered thedenemen were rizmen
by Lillan. After all, Lillian had bean ruddanchbuch dadela Secunserter
diche out of the question conner to have cozieduD TO SOSHGA soz dhaten
10 Spencers DRCK.
Novourboss?) she demanded.
Woodyabards were expressions of ice as thevioulted beren buyout kn koom.c
muns stielle.
nd it
icnokcies were notably pronounced, and an aura of cold pressionalsitsen envelop berartvetrained honters. Brielle knew any struggle would likely and win a shacopped che se sreven put, allowing herself to be dragged to another vehiclecle
hersino ordove when she saw the mansion they outed up to she knew notbctly
a supumonen-ner
panencerda thener la boarn membar at Dorsey international musthavere contwind of of
SOKOTIMAYANENDE noro Spence, a role Ryan had fought booth and narito soburaferior
candiwow was about to fall into the heads of an outsicer. T
outsudestaca o to the person be sea to keep an eye on his own son of the the informant thehaavtach mohad to be removed. And dict car acadera? Meram e varma.ng. Ive had adappopste toute froth the Dorsey fernity but hadnexpected to norme
nocase so stily
Trencatanochoronorabnost stativohewanting to send a tattoxetinathan
thened wited code to her rescu but at least someone would know tonniterere her
valerworre
wever, tha monumente he had horonone mer ndad, she remembered solucionsha nove
's private numbesteher communication had always been over email
tet out a ty laciabeteangst seculdevevanotify anyone to claim he rentams.
inwhile, Max bestratooded up an overseas no ea conference, rubbing his termolec es
is evervining to cunaratorion?
ick standing by perutty ononded WM Dorsey we ve checked. They re indeeded inna a gathering at an hout hang on dindavo de initial funding was mainly managedd
a tano
van, though the palm ocommarengere he visto ceneted."
n was using Dorsey internationois funus do for its own advantage, treating it lea
onal piggy bank The so stated Nightht orcedadcace club gathering wasnuustior apo
De few trom ma corsiv omrzila inchcludson excuaves tent other curnpanies
uring a wealth of contacts and resoumasconarancse directors.
is fingertips tapped lighty on the base chartaidehablades tono legs sheather suite sers, the hem rioinanpito revealdada akey creases obeks.
vas the epitome of restraint, yet mahsesin onlyse saeneo to amplify his ing one want to tear off nis said. Untenonatawhoadommenellioncione
ins appetite sure is growing.
shut his laocon. What's Faith been up to latein
1 was the quintessential society lady, and even eene vesis of narnace she still ted an ac of pride, but that pride nan see worn done yans necnent intideltie
is still trying to reciatin ivans affections, and shes bebecue recsinaly harsimon son However. Spencer's pericnance he s been que se odd incecent yearsh?he's nato leverage her sons success to mand tier relationshawothitehounusband.
boromance? A lavabout like Spencer holding towabirememopsnisnon was
nceivable.
bk Max berely s second to think of Brielle, Get me benciale"
ich used, then quickly compiled Faith's file and handed at over witoveverence.
Max glanced at it and frowned, tossing it into the trash. "I meant Brielle's file."
3/3
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29
Patrick froze in place, his mind racing to catch up with the unfolding situation. If it had been anyone else, they probably would have seamed by now.
Max had been a paragon of restraint for years, never seen in close proximity with any woman Emotions that came naturally to most seemed absent in him, which was why Patrick was so astounded the first time he visited Brielle's apartment. He had prepared himself mentally all the way there, just to make sure he didn't gawk at Brielle the moment she opened the door.
Now Max was asking for Brielle's file again, and this was the first time he'd shown interest in someone outside of a business partner.
"Here's Ms. Brielle's file. She's quite exceptional in her capabilities." Patrick added the last bit on impulse, but Max's expression remained unfazed.
Could it be that he'd guessed wrong? That Max wasn't particularly interested in Brielle?
Max scanned the documents with a placid look, his eyebrows lifting slightly when he saw her academic accomplishments. And she'd maintained her leading position throughout her time at Beaconsfield College, graduating at the top of her class. Afterward, she went straight to Dorsey International.
Max's eyebrows arched again at the sight of her 50K monthly salary.
A top student from Beaconsfield College, with so many cases under her belt, was only making a 50K monthly salary at Dorsey International?
Patrick had apparently noticed that as well. "I don't know if it's Spencer's but Ms. Brielle's salary has always been at that figure.
Graduates of Beaconsfield College typically started at top firms with salarie of thousands of dollars, Brielle's paycheck was indeed modest in comparison Faith's doing.
Could Brielle really tolerate that?
Faith's,
Thinking about the person who showed a mix of submission and sharpness before flicker of amusement crossed Max's eyes. "Does she have a weakness that Faith is exploiting?"
"I've wondered about that myself, so I did some digging and found there's a connection with the Sunflower Children's Home. Ms. Brielle grew up there until she was ten, and that property should have been auctioned off again after the government's deadline expired. Faith, however, pulled some strings and got the deadline extended by another five years."
Patrick's report was thorough, including a detailed analysis of the Sunflower Children's Home.
1/2
Chapter 29
Developers had been vying to turn the property into an amusement park three years ago when the deadline approached, and the government had even considered opening it up for bidding, but the issue was quietly dropped,
Max flipped through the pages nonchalantly, musing over Brielle's acceptance of the director position, a slight smile forming on his lips.
"By becoming director, she's crossing Faith. If Faith is holding this over her, how can Brielle dare return to Dorsey International?" Patrick's checks flushed a hint of red, and he cleared his throat subtly, "Perhaps that's why Ms. Brielle chose you."
Max understood instantly. From the moment their relationship escalated beyond professional, Brielle had this angle in mind.
"Moreover, Ms. Brielle was smart to get Faith to agree to a five-year delay. They must have. signed a contract, so even if they fall out now, Faith can't touch the Sunflower Children's Home for at least that period. As for what comes after, Ms. Brielle hasn't made any demands of you yet. Maybe once the relationship ends, she'll naturally bring it up.
Patrick's voice was very serious, and when he spoke, he didn't hold back. He was confident that Max wasn't lost in a fool's paradise and had probably been aware of Brielle's ulterior motives since the moment he woke up in her apartment for the first time.
7607
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30
shshechos felpanty montheystudy.
sandy subwean in animo anal and by hu vide was a corpous ternate assistem. Th
was knee in beste ftude Redrandon
tuons and the scase was very y
indexavagant,
surrounded by a neu monoton co document and without warning, he hung one at nelle. thought ven had rare thorn brains than is."
rstruck her cheek, and though she new better than to retaliate
nottyan head-on world.onivunhchasten har demise.
ract was tive very onesho and Fand had hatt sidred, which extended the lesse of these
Children's ricme by invevavesy swasthanh Parc who had dealt with the matter, and
of such a real estate deal weslaytonstronomical not mention the five years of hes that came with it
WITH
tason/Brtelle had etways consideredthedane peiserous satory from Dorsey
cato include theнеrusso obtight
Itowy, Mr Ryan," she said, feighing laborancecance
2e was venomous Germinate this aquecoens went with Baithanediater. And while It explain your appointment as directorek don't coverjow repeating myself Brielle, ret cut would be as sy as preppine on arashant.
act stimulated that if faith breached the agreementeradesalty, she w
wer Children's Horne two hundred millem decals are sunt Estante corporation, let alone an individual like aith Fan,
ince more. was clear he had chand destin
could with Rya
Bridle started, maintaining composure, the tetres article diontybaly drow any from Cornev imemnational, and i've been savKWRY TOEye Spencer Sorth umerous mergers and acquisitions. its a fer deal for bodi pethusarties.
decerary eamach Michael's raise and had madera maalareirosairaseiamond
generation: Such an opportunny wasn't something that condomer be bought with
berty rights.
ueless van barked. "Come in!"
dla do
Id
Jot
tephe door swing open and several burly bodyguards entered and forenforced hes men. ne and pushed arpille side while the others began unbucking the betts tilts with a Dilvency
waned inwardly refusing to swallow the pill, but her jaw was swiftly dislocaseok ated,
Vats of polcricketing pain through her-she neatly passed out out
Chapter 30
"What are you doing?"
Fear crept into her eyes as she desperately tried to back away, only to be pinned down by
the men.
Ryan pushed his assistant aside and strode over. "I hear you and Spencer haven't shared a bed in years. You know I'm capable of anything. If you don't want to be gangbanged, revoke the contract and return the Director position to Spencer. Just be a good little manager and support Spencer from the shadows, like you have been since the day I recognized your talents."
He sneered, patting Brielle's face mockingly. "Or to put it another way, just be Spencer's stepping stone, or neither you nor those kids at the Home will be safe. Don't push me."
Brielle paled, the drug making her weak and feverish. Fear had taken hold.
Every member of the Dorsey family was formidable, especially those on the board, each harboring their own dark ambitions.
"Spencer says you want to call off your engagement? You think you're worthy to make that demand?"
Ryan's foot came down hard on Brielle's hand without hesitation. She broke out in a cold sweat, unable to suppress a whimper as red-hot anger flared in her eyes. The pressure intensified until her bones felt like they might shatter.
"You manipulated Faith into signing that contract, playing on her affection for Spencer. But to me, you're transparent. I dictate whether you live or die."
Biting her lip until blood appeared, Brielle fought the encroaching darkness as Ryan's foot finally lifted, just before she could pass out.
Gasping for air, her vision blurred, all she could hear was Ryan's icy voice, "I'm sparing your life, but just barely. Once they're done with you, you'll still be nothing more than a stepping stone for Spencer." The sound of leather belts hitting the floor filled the room.
"No," she whispered weakly, "please..." But her pleas were drowned by the overwhelming terror seizing her heart.
Fumbling for her phone, her trembling, agonized hands failed her. Any rescue would do. Even if it were Spencer.
As a man's hand forced her head up, the door abruptly opened-it was one of Ryan's men.
"Sir, Max has arrived unexpectedly."
212
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31
Ryan thought his ears were playing tricks on him. How on earth had Max shown up here, of all places?
He frowned, glanced down at Brielle, then directed a stern look at the bodyguards, "Keep an eye on her. Make sure she doesn't make a peep."
The guards, who had been busily unbuckling their belts, stopped and nodded respectfully.
Ryan took his time descending the staircase, spotting Max lounging on the sofa with Patrick tagging along.
It was Max's first time visiting, and he'd always been a reserved person, with even less interaction with the rest of the Dorsey family.
At that moment, Faith graciously brought out a platter of fruits, relief washing over her when she saw Ryan was unaccompanied by his female assistant.
Ryan's history of parading mistresses through the family threshold wasn't new. The first few times had caused quite the scandal, leading to a public ruckus from Faith. The uproar had become the talk of the Dorsey family, only to be met with Ryan's ruthless retribution.
In her earlier years, Faith had been the devoted housewife, but sensing Ryan's growing impatience with her, she'd thrown herself into her own business ventures.
With Dorsey International looming large in the backdrop, her company thrived, yet its annual revenue was a mere drop in the ocean.
Later, she'd had an epiphany. Secure her son Spencer's position, and she could reclaim Ryan's affections. After all, despite his notorious escapades, Ryan had never sired an illegitimate child. Spencer was Ryan's sole heir, his importance unquestioned.
Faith forced a smile, "Max, what brings you here so late? Trouble at the company?"
Max casually sipped his tea, taking his time to reply, while Patrick nodded in confirmation. "Mrs. Dorsey, someone blocked the CEO's car tonight-a pregnant woman."
No sooner had Patrick spoken than a visibly expecting woman was ushered in. Pale-faced and visibly shrinking upon seeing Faith, the woman clutched her belly and burst into tears the moment her eyes fell on Ryan.
Ryan's expression darkened. He couldn't recognize her.
Equally flustered, Faith's voice turned icy, "What is this?" She glared at Max, lips pressed tightly together, panic swelling within her.
Max set down his cup, voice imbued with a chill, "She's been tailing me since I left Dorsey International, brazen enough to stop my car-apparently, a mess my brother here has
created."
1/2
16:12
Chapter 31
The woman's voice was hoarse with sobs as she rushed toward Ryan, "Ryan, I've been trying to see you, but Dorsey International wouldn't let me in at all, and your wife has been making trouble out of it, even trying to get me to abort this baby." Her glare then turned venomous towards Faith.
Faith's throat tightened, her hands wringing together on her lap.
Michael never concerned himself with the bedroom antics of his son. Even illegitimate children didn't matter as long as they proved themselves worthy. But Faith would never allow anyone to threaten Spencer's position. This unborn child could not be allowed to exist. She never anticipated the woman would go to the lengths of stopping Max's car.
Furious, Ryan signaled the guards by the door, and the woman was promptly dragged away. He managed a strained chuckle, "Sorry about this, Max. Didn't mean to make a spectacle."
"The skeletons in my brother's closet are quite the sight," Max commented dryly, eyes following the woman's retreat before resting on Faith. His gaze held nothing but made Faith feel unbearably exposed.
"I would prefer not to have women clinging to my car wheels, wailing like banshees. Nor do I want Dorsey International's stocks to suffer because of a director's personal affairs. He smiled, a smile that sent shivers down Ryan's spine and left him feeling as though he'd stepped on an ice pick, frozen in place.
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32
"Ryan, what you've gotten yourself into this time is absurdly over the top." Max never saw himself as one of the juniors, and he slowly stood up, his voice steady, "And that nephew of mine, Spencer, I don't care about the dames you guys keep, but I sure as hell don't like them parading around me."
Ryan's face turned sour, finally realizing why Max had stripped Spencer of his position. It seemed Spencer's little mistress from the suburban villa had decided to mess with Max.
What a foolish move!
His hand, dangling at his side, clenched into a fist. He wished he could take care of that woman right then and there.
Then he thought about the woman he'd been with tonight, the one who had shamelessly thrown herself under Max's car wheels. No wonder Max had chosen to come over at night.
Twice now, they had crossed Max's line. If there was a next time, forget Spencer's directorship-his own seat on the board would be on the line.
He was furious and resentful, but Max, holding fifty-one percent of Dorsey International's shares, was the absolutely of the company. Whoever he wanted out, had to pack their bags and leave, pronto. He couldn't afford to cross Max, at least not now.
"Max, don't worry, I'll take care of it all. I already heard about Spencer's mess, and you promoted Brielle?"
As he descended the stairs, Ryan had thought Max was here because of Brielle. He even suspected there might be some sort of illicit affair between them. Why else would he promote Brielle? However, within the M&A department, Brielle seemed to be the only one capable of stepping up as director.
A little digging by Max would reveal who had really been behind the recent acquisitions. Brielle's competence was beyond question; she was a piece he had to keep close at hand. Max-chuckled, "If not her, then who?"
So unabashed. If there was something going on with Brielle, he wouldn't be openly mentioning her name.
Ryan relaxed completely. His plan to ruin Brielle tonight had been based on the suspicion that she was involved with Max. With his doubts dispelled, there was no need to push her to the brink.
1/2
1612
"Brielle's quite talented. I'll make sure Spencer learns a thing or two from her."
Max glanced upstairs nonchalantly, then casually looked away. "I've got other things to handle, so I'll leave you to it."
Ryan couldn't wait for him to leave, his gaze now fixating on Faith.
Faith hurried to see Max out. Only when the iconic black car vanished did both their faces
darken.
Ryan didn't hesitate to slap her, "Are you satisfied with this mess?"
Faith's face swelled from the slap, "I didn't expect her to come to Max."
Ryan snorted and walked into the house, "There better not be a next time."
Faith took a deep breath, her pride had been worn away by the years with Ryan.
Heading upstairs, Ryan pushed open the door to his study and was hit by the stench of blood. Brielle was there, squeezing a piece of broken glass, having cut her own thigh to stay alert under the drug's effect. The bodyguard stuffed a towel in her mouth and wrapped her up, forbidding her from cutting any further.
Brielle was sweating bullets, her pupils shrinking as Ryan returned. Then she went still.
Ryan removed the towel from her mouth, "Brielle, I'll let you off the hook tonight. I won't touch the Sunflower Children's Home land for now, but you need to keep an eye on Max for me." His tone was airy, as if he had no doubt she would comply.
"The director position is just for you to watch over for Spencer temporarily. He'll be back soon, and later you'll be my eyes. If Max gets close to any woman, I want to know immediately."
Little did Ryan know, the one closest to Max was Brielle herself.
2/2
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33
Brielle's inner sneer was a frozen blade as she slowly rose to her feet. No bodyguard dared to stop her this time.
She looked disheveled, almost unable to stand from the pain. However, when she met Ryan's gaze, it was cold. The deep-seated disgust and resentment hidden within her were like knives cutting through bone.
"Brielle, if you keep looking at me like that, I promise you won't live to see tomorrow's sunrise," Ryan warned, waving a dismissive hand. "Get out. And keep me updated on Max's every move."
eyes
As director of mergers and acquisitions, she often had meetings up in the glass tower, always close to Max.
Max didn't trust any of the directors at Dorsey International, but he had just shown a rare approval of Brielle's skills, ensuring their paths would cross again soon.
Ryan sneered to himself. Brielle was nothing but a puppet he'd controlled since she was young, disposable the moment she ceased to be useful. Spencer would never marry such
a scheming woman.
Lowering her gaze, Brielle thought of the "gift" she'd prepared for Friday, licking the blood from the corner of her mouth. The feeling of suppressed rage ready to burst forth was like a tempest, sweeping through her entire being. She would remember tonight's
humiliation.
"Rest assured, I'll keep a close watch on Max."
Ryan knew she would say that, his eyes glinting with disdain. "What are you waiting for?
Get out!"
It's like sparing her life entitled him to her eternal gratitude.
Brielle moved slowly, an undercurrent of rebellion stirring within her. The Haywood family was partly to blame for this mess. Robert and Miranda owed Ryan too many favors; over the past decade, their business ties had only tightened. Even Robert and Miranda had to play by Ryan's rules, let alone Brielle.
What Ryan didn't realize was that this pawn could bite back.
Reaching the door, Brielle saw Faith sitting on the couch, holding her face and sobbing softly. She looked away, finding the whole scene absurd.
People despising each other while flattering each other. Everyone wanting to be above the rest, yet crawling before one another. This world was thoroughly rotten.
She moved forward, teeth clenched, blood from her leg trailing down, leaving spatters on the floor, but she felt no pain.
1/2
16:12
Chapter 33
Then she stepped outside and saw the car waiting in the distance, and the man standing by it. He leaned against the vehicle in the quiet night, the dim streetlights stretching their shadows long enough to blanket the street.
After a while, Max patted the car, signaling her to come over, just as he had once casually patted the spot beside him at the karaoke bar.
Brielle admitted that hearing he was there had set off countless thoughts. But when she descended and didn't see him, they all vanished. Max was still the untouchable man in the clouds, not there for her. Seeing him now made her heart soar back to heaven from the abyss. His mere presence could shake the business world, let alone stir the heart of a young woman.
With her mind blank, she followed her instincts towards him.
Max was impressive, his mere presence enough to bring tears to her eyes. Brielle fought the tears in her eyes as she approached.
She bypassed the usual playful greeting of "Uncle Max," fearing her voice would betray her tears, and slid into the car.
She could pretend he was here for her, she thought.
Max stood a moment longer before returning to the car. Brielle, leaning against the window, glanced up at him as the door closed. She was tired, her throat burning.
The car's motion prompted her to lean onto his shoulder, then slide down, her head resting against his thigh. This position was comfortable, allowing her to gaze up at his cold, distant chin. "Uncle Max, did you come to rescue me tonight?"
His hand, unusually gentle, prevented her from slipping further. "Not really," he replied coldly.
"I see." Brielle closed her eyes. "Good thing you didn't, or I might fall for you."
She thought he wouldn't respond, but as she drifted off, she heard a faint "Hmm."
That was the thing about Max-he never gave false hope.
###Chapter 34
Chapter 34
The car pulled up to the Premier Palace, and the private doctor was already waiting there.
In her slumber, Brielle could feel someone tending to her thigh, bandaging it up, while a feverish heat made her want to turn over, only to have her wrist gently grasped.
"Hot," she mumbled, her brow furrowing as she sought out a cool spot.
Max propped her up and pressed a cold pack against her cheeks. Brielle sighed in relief, snuggling into the comfort of his embrace.
The doctor breathed a sigh of relief, finishing the bandage on her leg and administering a shot. "She'll be fine after some rest, sir. No need to worry. However, this young lady's constitution is delicate. She should take care in her daily routine."
Max set the cold pack aside, pulling out a handkerchief to dab at the sweat on Brielle's forehead.
When Patrick returned after seeing off the doctor, he was greeted by this tender scene. He couldn't quite gauge Max's feelings-whether he was concerned or indifferent.
If indifferent, why had Max rushed to Ryan's side upon hearing of Brielle's mishap late at night?
If concerned, then why did he it when Ms. Brielle had directly asked?
Having worked closely with Max for years, Patrick knew all too well Max's views on emotional entanglements.
They were burdens, shackles. Release worldly attachments, and things would have clear
structure.
That philosophy had allowed Max to be decisive in business, sweeping through challenges with ease.
But Brielle was different. Her forceful entrance and occasional fiery passion were like a wildfire, threatening to consume the cool, collected glow of his nights.
It was like watching The Priest contend with a worldly siren-victory was anyone's guess.
Patrick couldn't help but feel a mischievous desire to see how this drama would unfold, his lips curling into a smile, "Sir, about the overseas conference-"
His words were cut short as Brielle stirred in Max's arms, her throat too hoarse to speak. Max gestured for Patrick to be quiet, then brought a glass of water from the coffee table to her lips.
Brielle took a few sips, surveyed her surroundings, and recognized the Premier Palace. She softened, nestling back into Max's chest. "Uncle Max, are my fingers broken?" Her whole body ached, and she couldn't pinpoint the worst part.
1/2
16:13
"I almost..." Her voice trembled, unable to form a complete sentence.
Fear was setting in-the fear of being violated by Ryan's bodyguards, the fear that Ryan would take her life.
She looked down at her hands, which were bandaged up like little buns, wrapped tightly in gauze. Tears began to flow as panic filled her heart. Were her fingers useless now?
Max was somewhat at a loss, a rare look of bewilderment on his typically stoic face. He had thought she would not be afraid, for she had been calm despite her disheveled state when she had gotten into the
car.
Suddenly, two arms wrapped around his neck, and before he could react, he was pushed back onto the couch. Her kisses were clumsy, like those of a puppy, causing him to furrow his brow.
Patrick, from a distance, discreetly exited, signaling the household staff to do the same.
"Brielle." Max raised his hand to push her away, guessing the medication hadn't worn off
yet.
Brielle's cheeks were flushed, unable to undo his buttons with her wrapped hands, so she resorted to biting them with her teeth in desperation.
Max caught her hair, tilting her head back. Brielle's lips were red, and she spat out the damaged button, inadvertently licking her lips, gazing up at him with innocent eyes.
Max's breathing grew heavy, his voice low, "You really are asking for..."
Asking for what, he couldn't bring himself to say.
Brielle laughed, her eyes gleaming beautifully, "Uncle Max, fuck me."
She was desperate to know, to confirm that she was still alive. Desperate to erase the scene from Ryan's study, she urged him to use her body.
2/2
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35
Max didn't do what she said. He reached out to touch her forehead, confirming the fever he'd suspected. Lifting her gently, he made his way upstairs.
Brielle tried to pry her eyes open to gauge his expression, but exhaustion won, and she drifted off to sleep.
The doctor, who'd just left, was hastily summoned back and spent the night administering IV fluids.
The entire Premier Palace was in an uproar. The seasoned butler, Wesley, paced the living room full of vim and vigor, occasionally consulting with Patrick. "Should I whip up some chicken soup for Ms. Brielle?" he asked. "We got some fresh chicken this morning. Maybe add some ginger for good measure."
Patrick knew there was a misunderstanding. Brielle's fever and vomiting the night before had somehow convinced the entire household she was pregnant. The rumors grew wilder by the minute. "No need, Mr. Wesley, Ms. Brielle is just down with an ordinary fever."
Wesley couldn't sit still, though, and ordered the kitchen to stew a chicken. Thinking of Brielle's slender frame, he also demanded a whole lobster be prepared.
Hands clasped behind his back, Wesley personally oversaw the chicken stewing in the kitchen. "Don't make it too salty." he instructed.
The household staff buzzed with curiosity.
Max was usually so aloof, and only a few had been to Premier Palace. Ms. Brielle had
visited just twice, and each time she was in Max's arms.
"Could she be the future lady of the house?"
"But isn't Mr. Max and Ms. Alivia a pair?"
"Ms. Alivia has an outstanding appearance, conducting research abroad, and comes from a good family. However, in terms of looks, this Ms. Brielle is not inferior either. I just wonder which prestigious family she belongs to."
Wesley overheard the servants' gossip and coughed into his hand. The chatter ceased immediately.
Wesley then made his way upstairs, his knock on the door much softer than usual. Brielle had burned with fever all night, her lips now cracked and parched. She was still asleep. After knocking for a bit, Wesley headed to the study across the hall.
Max, still in his meeting, looked sharp in a gray suit, his features serene Wesley didn't want to intrude, so he simply brought in a cup of coffee.
1/2
16:13
Chapter 35
Max glanced up, inquiring, "Is she awake?"
Wesley's eyes lit up. In the midst of a meeting, yet Max was concerned about Ms. Brielle's condition. His cheeks flushed with excitement. "Not yet, Sir. I've had the kitchen prepare chicken soup." "Hmm."
Max returned his focus to the computer screen. "Continue."
Wesley knew the command wasn't for him, so he quietly left.
Brielle was jolted awake by the jarring ring of a cellphone. Instinctively, she reached for it beside her pillow. The slight movement sent a sharp pain through her hand.
Turning over, she felt the soft duvet and slowly surveyed her surroundings.
This was Premier Palace. She was in Max's bed.
After a whole night of fever, the heat had subsided, but her body felt as though it had been drained of all moisture, her lips cracked. As she struggled to sit up, the bedroom door opened and Max entered with a tray, giving her a glance.
Brielle paused her attempt to get out of bed until he came closer, placing a glass of water to her lips. Her hand was bandaged like a bun, making it impossible to take the cup herself. She had no choice but to sip from his hand until the glass was empty. After drinking, she licked her parched lips, the scent of soup tantalizing her senses.
Max set the tray down, picked up a spoon, and stirred the bowl before bringing a spoonful to her lips.
Brielle was overwhelmed by the gesture, sinking back onto the bed before blinking in disbelief. "Uncle Max, this isn't a dream, is it?"
16.19 ?
2/2
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36
Max paused and set his bowl down on the nightstand.
The maid, already waiting by the door and keenly observant, quickly stepped in with a bowed head. She carefully took the bowl and began to feed her with meticulous
attention.
Brielle instantly regretted her impulsive comment. Had she kept quiet, she might have enjoyed the privilege of Max's personal care. But now, she didn't have the nerve to ask him to continue. After finishing the soup, she finally felt strong enough to get out of bed. The maid was gone, and it was just the two of them left in the room.
Outside, the sun was blazing, its rays cloaking the garden beyond the floor-to-ceiling windows. Max sat in a chair by the window, the very picture of grace, his fingers tapping away on the keyboard. Brielle had managed to pull herself out of the fear she had felt the night before, but now -she felt neglected, and a bit bored. She got out of bed and moved closer to him, standing
behind his chair. She inhaled his crisp scent and glanced at the screen. "Hatfield Inc., huh? Are you planning to take over this.company?"
Dorsey International was a giant in its field, having started with semiconductors. The older generations began with transistors, and while overseas companies were already in the game, nobody domestically had realized the future impact of transistors. Thus, the first domestic processors came from the Dorsey family.
The industry was the first in human history to develop at an exponential rate.
Over the years, the Dorsey family had risen to the top in the transistor processor market. However, since Max took charge, he began cutting back on many superfluous operations, keeping only two core businesses.
In his first year, he slashed over seven thousand positions, nearly a third of the company's workforce. Not only that, amid howls of protest, Max sold off several subsidiaries, securing a billion dollars in cash flow for Dorsey International.
Everyone thought Dorsey International was strapped for cash and tightening its belt, but in the following year, Max led Dorsey International on a campaign of conquest, flames of battle burning bright.
Now, Dorsey International had formed a diversified industrial chain with numerous luxury brands in its portfolio. It was said, half-jokingly, that the executives were either buying something or on their way to buy something.
A few years ago, a financial newspaper even exaggeratedly claimed that from the top of Dorsey Tower, everything as far as the eye could see was part of its empire.
1/2
16:52
"Uncle Max, pursuing Hatfield might be tricky. I remember five years ago a company tried to take over Hatfield, but their management immediately implemented a poison pill strategy. The tug-of-war lasted two years, and the suitor eventually had to back down."
Brielle was too close, her breath tickling Max's ear. To see the screen better, she leaned in, resting her chin on Max's shoulder. This posture was too intimate, like she was snuggling up to him. Max didn't push her away but instead slid the laptop closer, "What's your take on this?"
"Hatfield is family-owned, structured much like Dorsey International, but its management plays a different game. Dorsey has been aggressively expanding its territories and sectors, while Hatfield has always stuck to perfumes, avoiding overexpansion and not chasing profits. They even use eco-friendly packaging in response to national environmental initiatives. The Hatfield family owns over seventy percent of the shares, spread across more than two hundred members, with no single heir holding more than five percent. For Dorsey International to take them over, we'd be looking at a prolonged battle of at least a year." She leaned in with a playful twinkle in her eye, "Plus, the takeover is bound to fail. During my time at Beaconsfield College, I met one of their family members. After that hostile takeover attempt, most of the Hatfield heirs have locked up fifty percent of the company shares in a rigid trust arrangement. According to their plan, these shares can't be sold without the consent of over seventy-five percent of the family members. So, during this lock-up period, no one can take over Hatfield."
This was Hatfield's secret, known only to the family. Max turned, surprised, and gave her a look.
Feeling suddenly awkward, Brielle straightened up, "He was drunk at a party and let it slip. Everyone else forgot, but I remembered."
Max closed the laptop, decisively abandoning the Hatfield project.
"Uncle Max, you trust me just like that?" Brielle was taken aback by his decisiveness.
"A leader employs those he trusts and trusts those he employs."
Her heart warmed at his words. She had planned to be flippant in front of him, but now
she couldn't utter a word.
The Haywood family didn't believe her, and the people at Dorsey International humiliated her, but Max trusted her.
2/2
16:52
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37
Realizing the awkward atmosphere, she quickly changed the subject, simultaneously diverting her own attention. "Uncle Max, tomorrow is Friday. How do you plan to play out this scene?"
The stakes involving that building were high, with several board members of Dorsey International reaping benefits. If he made a move on this, there would be inevitable turmoil within Dorsey International.
"We'll do what needs to be done."
Max's voice was casual, wrapping up one meeting before diving into another.
Brielle realized just how busy he was; even as he sipped his coffee, his other hand was methodically tapping away at the keyboard. Feeling rather bored standing there, she was about to suggest a stroll downstairs when she noticed someone sent Max a video call invitation.
Brielle's eyesight was sharp. The screen displayed-Alivia.
Max was in the midst of a meeting, but his finger accidentally hit accept. The screen revealed a beautiful face against a backdrop of towering bookshelves. And on Max's side, his bedroom-and an unexpected shadow of a woman.
Brielle hadn't expected Max to take the call. Tactfully, she sidestepped, ensuring she was out of the video frame, but Alivia had already spotted her, only to look away indifferently moments later. "Max, you at Premier Palace?"
"Yeah."
Alivia's expression stiffened, quickly capturing the image of the face that had just appeared. "I've got the stuff. I'm on vacation next month. Shall I bring it back for you?"
Max finally looked up, glancing at the screen, "Isn't Kenzo coming back?"
Brielle wasn't eavesdropping, but at the mention of 'Kenzo', she paused.
Kenzo Barnes, the prodigal son of the Barnes family, Alivia's brother.
"My brother's already left. I forgot to give it to him." The woman sounded annoyed, then quickly perked up, "But me bringing it to you is just as good."
"Kenzo didn't visit you?"
"He made a quick loop around Palm Beach and then left."
"That's typical of him."
1/3
16:52
Brielle could tell that Max's tone had shifted significantly. It seemed Max and Kenzo had a solid relationship, and by extension, he was quite gentle with Alivia. Their familiarity was a unique atmosphere that outsiders couldn't penetrate. Without intruding, Brielle quietly opened the door and stepped out.
The butler, Wesley, awaited her downstairs, greeting her with a warm smile. "Ms. Brielle, feeling any better?"
She nodded, eyes catching the sight of a massive bookcase near the floor-to-ceiling windows, adorned with various books.
Wesley, fearing she might be bored and considering her bandaged hand, suggested, "Ms. Brielle, do you watch movies?":
Brielle didn't decline and discovered Wesley had queued up a scientific research-themed film. Inevitably, her thoughts drifted to Alivia.
Having spent over a decade in Beaconsfield, Brielle hadn't integrated into the Haywood family nor the social elite of the town of Beaconsfield.
The young elite often flocked to soirees, but Brielle seldom attended. Between her demanding studies and distaste for sycophantic gatherings, she preferred solitude.
At the one single event she attended, she heard Alivia's name whispered among the crowd. Eight out of ten elite young men fancied Alivia.
Since her school days, Alivia's grades had been stellar. No one dared reduce her to a mere trophy. And among Beaconsfield's men, Max stood out. His innate business acumen had caught his grandfather's eye, who entrusted him with significant responsibilities without
hesitation.
Facing external skepticism, Michael, a top-tier businessman, never concealed his favoritism towards Max.
"Max isn't someone I found; he's a gift from above."
The term 'genius' seemed insufficient for him.
"Ms. Brielle, the garden is in full bloom. If you find the movie dull, feel free to take a stroll, Wesley suggested.
Leaning back, Brielle mused at the butler's overly kind treatment. With a smile, she replied, "Scientific stuff is a bit over my head. I'm a finance girl, after all."
Finance was all about money, sometimes feeling crass. She occasionally felt the same.
Wesley brought over a dessert, still smiling, "It makes no difference, really. If Mr. Max likes it, whatever you do will be fine. If he doesn't, whatever Ms. Brielle does...well, it'll be fine
too."
Language is an art. Amused and aware of the butler's likely misunderstanding, Brielle
2/3
16:52
chose not to clarify.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the globe, Alivia ended the call and texted Kenzo. [Kenzo, did Max get a new assistant?]
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38
Just now, that woman was clearly at Premier Palace, and not in the study or the living room. The bedroom, then?
But Max's bedroom was a sanctuary. Aside from the housekeeping staff, he never allowed others to enter.
Kenzo's response was swift. [Max changing assistants? Not a chance.]
[Go check for me, will you? During my video chat with Max, I saw a woman. Does he have a girlfriend now?]
[Max couldn't possibly have a girlfriend.]
Alivia felt a wave of relief wash over her as she read this. Exactly, if Max really had a girlfriend, not only would someone from her family notify her, but Michael himself would personally call her. She glanced down at the screenshot in her hand, certain she hadn't encountered this woman at any social gatherings-definitely not a rich girl from a prominent family. She's probably just a new hire of Max's. As for her presence at the Premier Palace, perhaps there was some urgent matter.
She decided not to concern herself with it. After all, this was a trivial person, hardly worth her attention.
Unbeknownst to Brielle, she had already been appraised from head to toe. Halfway through her movie, her phone buzzed with a message. At the top of the list was one from
Aubree.
The shock of the previous night, coupled with a high fever that left her delirious, had made Brielle instinctively shut the world out. Now, seeing Aubree's name, she finally remembered the incident at Tequila Sunset.
Back when Andrew and Tessa announced their engagement, the two families celebrated over a lavish dinner. Aubree had missed that dinner, opting instead for drinks with her.
At the time, Brielle didn't give it much thought. Now, with the situation clear, she realized she might have been too carefree, as the signs had been there all along.
But Aubree could like anyone she wanted. Why on earth would it be Andrew? Andrew was ruthless to others and even more so to himself, completely unhinged.
His obsession with Tessa was so deep it seemed he'd hold her in the palm of his hand if he could. For Aubree to get entangled with him was, to put it bluntly, demeaning. Just the way Andrew treated Aubree that night, using her as nothing more than a tool for his frustration, made Brielle's chest tighten uncomfortably.
She didn't reply to Aubree's text. Instead, she booted up a computer to search for news
about Andrew.
1/2
16:52
The public profiles of these high-society bachelors were all impeccable. Ivy League graduates, heirs to the Clements family fortune, net worth over a billion...
She scrolled down and stumbled upon news about Infinity Brilliance. The Clements family was collaborating with Infinity Brilliance.
The news had been released just an hour ago, and it was already trending. Infinity Brilliance was a titan in the diamond industry, and its owners knew how to play the marketing game generation after generation. Their most successful campaign had linked diamonds to engagements.
No one knew why diamonds became synonymous with marriage proposals. It seemed like an unwritten rule everyone just followed. However, Brielle knew the company well from her college days, and it was all just a brainwashing marketing scheme.
Infinity Brilliance was notoriously domineering in their industry practices, and this was the first time they'd so publicly collaborated with a rival company. She was about to scroll further when her phone pinged again with a message from Aubree. [Bri, can you tell me what's going on with you and Max?]
Aubree had thought long and hard before sending that message, not expecting an immediate response. She had been taken aback to learn about the so-called "little canary" from Andrew's lips. She also understood that Brielle was in no mood to engage with her
now.
Brielle stared at the message for ten minutes. Their years of unspoken understanding told her this was Aubree's olive branch.
[We have slept together.]
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39
Aubree's gaze was glued to her smartphone screen, her heart racing with anticipation for Brielle's reply. When the message finally popped up, a sudden wave of relief washed over her, and they instantly fell back into their usual banter.
[You hooked up with The Priest?! Bri, you totally hit the jackpot!]
Aubree had been feeling pretty down, but Brielle's news perked her right up. She couldn't help but keep probing for juicy details. [Does he kiss with tongue? Is it intense? I mean, a
like him, a real catch - does he actually get passionate in bed?] guy
Aubree was nothing if not blunt in their private chats. She was dying to get Brielle to spill every last detail. Brielle, on the other hand, was quite the opposite. Influenced by Aubree, she had grown more comfortable talking about such matters, but she was nowhere near as forthcoming.
Did Max kiss with tongue? She stared at the message just as Max descended the staircase, indicating the meeting was over.
He was dressed to the nines in a custom-tailored black suit that made his skin look especially perfect, the overhead lights softening the sharp lines of his face. A man like Max, if he ever decided to cast his net, he'd probably catch everyone in it.
Top-notch looks, top-notch pedigree, and top-notch savvy - he was pretty much flawless. If he had a flaw, it was probably that he was a bit too impersonal.
Max was fastening the cufflinks on his shirt as he caught her gaze. "Doesn't your hand hurt?" He approached, his eyes settling on Brielle's hands.
In her eagerness to chat with Aubree, she had unwrapped her bandages. Her hands were swollen but, thankfully, not broken.
"Uncle Max, has anyone ever told you how dashing you look in a suit?"
He meticulously fastened the topmost button and glanced down at her at her words, his eyelashes casting a faint shadow over his eyes. Brielle's playful teasing was just a facade. With Max staring intently at her, her mind hit a wall, and she felt a flush of warmth rise to her cheeks.
"Uncle Max, if you keep looking at me like that, I might not be able to stop myself from doing something rash."
It's a universal reaction
any woman would inevitably feel the urge to lean in for a kiss. Brielle felt a flicker of attraction, but catching the calm in his eyes, she quickly suppressed it. The words 'heart flutter' simply did not exist in Max's world.
He remained detached from others' admiration, affection, or desire, watching from a distance until it faded away.
1/2
16:52
Chapter 39
Brielle had seen his wild side in bed, but it was passion without desire. He was a man of extreme rationality, so much so that he could pull away from the brink of ecstasy at a moment's notice, stepping out of the chaos with ease.
Brielle looked away, laughing softly to herself.
Max tilted her chin up, noticing the fading imprint on her cheek, and asked with curiosity, "What's so funny?"
"Uncle Max, there's a line from 'The Little Prince' by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, 'Please,
tame me."
“I
Brielle had always been a top student with a unique, mellifluous voice that unwittingly carried a hint of seduction. The phrase was an invitation a plea for closeness.
Max was the untouchable priest, the unattainable prize. Women wanted to worship him yet also yearned to drag him into the depths and devour him. Everyone wanted to be near him, even if only as an obedient pet. So, 'Please, tame me, was her unspoken request.
Max met her gaze and gently patted her cheek, his touch feather-light. "Cut the theatrics around me." Though his words were dismissive, his eyes betrayed a flicker of
amusement.
Brielle knew she had pleased him. Indeed, he was susceptible to such charms. But Brielle knew her limits. After all, he was her sugar daddy. Flirting with danger was one thing, but to overstep was to court disaster.
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40
Brielle lingered at the Premier Palace until Friday before returning to her apartment.
In truth, she had expected to be sent back the day she woke up, but Max hadn't broached the subject. However, when she attempted to flirt with him the previous night, she was swiftly pinned against the massive floor-to-ceiling window.
"You don't want your hands?" His tone was casual, as if her advances hadn't affected him. Brielle tried nibbling at his Adam's apple and noticed his eyes darken, his voice becoming husky. "Does Spencer know you're such a firecracker in bed?"
She couldn't remember her response, only the crackling sound akin to flames consuming wood and the dance of ever-changing shapes of fire before her eyes. The vibrant colors burst before her, swirling, eventually turning into stars scattered across the sky.
When she finally lay beneath him, she heard him softly say, "Thanks for the hospitality."
Now, remembering it still made Brielle's ears burn. She rubbed her ears, trying to focus her
attention on the computer screen in front of her.
Today, the news about that building would break, and of the implicated directors, Ryan was bound to be the most affected. Michael likely wouldn't allow Max to pull out so many people at once, so someone needed to be made an example of.
Thinking of Ryan, a chill passed through Brielle's gaze.
At twelve sharp, Dorsey International announced the removal of Spencer's position.
At twelve ten, Dorsey International further announced the revocation of Ryan's directorship.
At twelve twelve, a heavyweight document circulated within Dorsey International, causing
an uproar.
The directive, issued by the president's assistant directly to each department, strictly required all departments to manage personnel according to this classification.
Having been kicked out of the work group chat by Lucinda and unfriended by several colleagues, Brielle could only find the document on the Dorsey International's latest news website. After reading it, her eyebrows slowly rose.
Before Max's return, Dorsey International's hiring, retention, and even dismissal of employees was largely at the discretion of department heads. But this document meticulously classified all employees based on their skills and alignment with the company's values into four categories.
The first category, labeled as Scrap Metal, consisted of those with poor skills and values
1/2
16:52
Chapter 40
drastically misaligned with the company. Dorsey International had no place for such employees.
The second category, Iron, included those whose values matched the company but whose performance fell short. These employees would be given a chance to transfer. To put it plainly, a sales employee failing to meet performance standards might be asked if they wished to switch to a different position, with the company offering at least one. opportunity to choose.
The third category, Steel, represented the core of the company's workforce.
The fourth category, Gold, consisted of employees with exceptional abilities and values highly aligned with the company.
Beyond these four, there was a fifth type: those with top-notch skills but low value alignment, known as Rust. These were the most challenging to deal with, with
management needing to address rust as a priority.
Rust was worse than Scrap Metal. The latter lacked both skills and values, posing no significant threat. Rust, however, was corrosive; highly skilled and potentially influential, such individuals could lead others and, if they turned against the company, cause considerable damage.
For Rust, no matter how great the loss to company performance, not a minute could be
wasted in removal.
Brielle grasped the intent behind the document and sensed the unrest brewing within. Dorsey International.
Scrap metal, Iron, Steel, Gold, Rust. These classifications were innovative and resonated with the grassroots.
Max had not only achieved a warning shot with the building situation but had also used it as an opportunity to overhaul the company's management system.
Brielle had always seen Max as a shrewd and detached figure who belonged in the clouds, holding vast resources, perhaps only seeing the grandeur of fleeting dreams. But it turned out, he could also see from down low, witnessing the myriad human conditions among the ordinary staff.
In the financial sphere, he truly was a godlike figure.
2/2
16:52 #
###Chapter 41
Chapter 41 Chapter 41
The phone on the side started ringing, a call from Tanner at Integral Elements Inc.
The stir caused by Dorsey International was anything but quiet, and Tanner had heard all about it. His voice carried a hint of delight. "Ms. Brielle, should I be offering you congratulations?"
Spencer's director position had been revoked, and even though the M&A department was still in the dark about their new director, Tanner, who had been informed ahead of time, made a point to express his position early on.
Brielle was in high spirits and couldn't help but smile, "Mr. Tanner, I'll officially sign the contract with you on Monday.
"I'll await your arrival then."
After hanging up the phone, Brielle felt like she had released a weight from her chest.
Ryan and Spencer were probably stewing in their own troubles at the moment and wouldn't be bothering her any time soon.
Come Monday morning, Brielle dressed intentionally in a sharp black suit.
From the ground floor to the top, the entire building was enveloped in a tense atmosphere. After all, the staff classifications had been handed down, and those marked as 'Rust' would soon receive their pink slips.
The air pressure in the M&A department was particularly low today, especially for Lucinda, who had just been promoted to manager not long ago and felt a certain unease. "Who do you reckon the new director is? Even Mr. Spencer got the boot, so the newcomer must have some serious clout, right?"
"The marketing department lost several old-timers this morning, now those in management are walking on eggshells. To parachute in at a time like this, maybe it's. someone handpicked by Mr. Dorsey himself." Handpicked by Mr. Dorsey? Lucinda scoffed at the thought, "Come on. Do you really think Mr. Spencer is that easy to dismiss? He's Mr. Dorsey's nephew, for crying out loud. No matter how solid the newcomer's background, can it really outshine the Dorsey family? I bet it'll just be a suspension of a few days, and he'll be back by next month at the latest."
Everyone nodded, agreeing that Mr. Spencer was, after all, a Dorsey.
The M&A department door swung open, and everyone was surprised to see the woman standing there. Lucinda was the first to snap back to reality, her brows furrowing, "Brielle! What are you doing here? We asked you for the prospectus from Integral Elements Inc. and you've been dragging your feet. What, got cold feet now?"
1/2
Brielle held several documents in her hands, including the much-discussed prospectus. She scanned the room with a smile and headed for the director's office.
Before she could open the door, Lucinda blocked her way. "I'm talking to you. You're being utterly disrespectful. You're no longer with the M&A department, so please leave, or we'll have to call security."
The other colleagues watched the scene unfold without intervention. Firstly, they didn't particularly like Brielle, who was known for not being the most diplomatic, and secondly, they were all too eager to witness a catfight.
Brielle looked Lucinda up and down, noting that she had dressed up for the day and was wearing a sleeveless mini dress that flaunted her figure. Presumably, she was trying to make a good impression on the new director. Too bad, it was all in vain.
"Ms. Lucinda, you'd better prepare yourself. You'll be meeting Tanner soon."
Lucinda's face turned sour, "What are you implying, Brielle? Stop bossing people around!"
The others began to murmur in discontent. It was work hours, and here was Brielle, strutting in as if she owned the place, sporting a triumphant look. On what grounds?
Brielle opened the director's office door, half-stepping in with a cool demeanor. "I am now the director of the M&A department. I believe I have the right to 'boss people around."
As her words hung in the air, Lucinda burst into laughter, "I think you've been so shaken you're not thinking straight." Mr. Spencer was gone, and here was his unwelcome fiancée, daring to make a scene. 'Within five minutes, I want to see the bid from Integral Elements Inc. Brielle, not bothering to say more, shut the door with a "bang".
Lucinda was too close to the door and nearly got hit in the nose. She stepped back, her heart racing.
The rest of the staff began whispering among themselves.
"Has Brielle lost her mind? How can she spout such nonsense?"
"She doesn't look like she's bluffing."
"Guys, check the email that was just sent to the department. It has the announcement. The new director is..."
The person who first noticed the internal email suddenly dropped their voice, and the others hurriedly checked their computers.
up
Lucinda, already pale, felt even more uneasy as an eerie calm settled over the department. "What's the name? I don't believe Brielle has the guts! Mr. Spencer despised her, how could she possibly-!"
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42
She trudged to her cubicle, firing up her email with the usual lack of enthusiasm, but as the name atop the message loaded on her screen, the color drained from Lucinda's face, leaving her ashen. Around her, the complexions of her colleagues went through a spectrum of hues,
eventually settling on a collective look of pensive dread, all eyes flickering toward the director's office door.
Lucinda felt as if her strength had left her body. She slumped into her chair, powerless.
A colleague approached, placing a sympathetic hand on her shoulder, "Ms. Lucinda, didn't Ms. Haywood just mention the proposal?"
Now, no one dared to call out Brielle's name in casual familiarity; it had to be the respectful 'Ms. Haywood."
Snapping back to reality, Lucinda quickly retrieved the proposal. The feeling in her gut was. akin to swallowing a fly-disgusting, unbearable, and impossible to ignore.
Standing before the director's office, Lucinda was acutely aware of the pitying glances. thrown her way. Her face was pale, her fingertips clutching the proposal with white-knuckled intensity. After a few seconds of hesitation, she pushed open the door.
Brielle stood at her desk, focused on sorting through documents. Her hair was pulled up. with a few strands framing her delicate swan-like neck.
A surge of envy flashed through Lucinda's eyes. Why did this bitch deserve it all?
Suppressing her emotions, Lucinda announced begrudgingly, "Ms. Haywood, here is the proposal from Integral Elements Inc."
Brielle took it, her gaze briefly landing on the empty coffee mug on her desk-another one of Lucinda's tasks. Lucinda caught the hint, her manicured nails digging into her palm.
That bitch!
Taking a deep breath to stave off an outburst, Lucinda managed to pour a fresh coffee without a change in her expression.
Brielle didn't verbally mock her, but her silence was cutting, making Lucinda extremely uncomfortable. Lucinda stood awkwardly, wanting to ask a question but fearing the cold rejection. Her heart was in turmoil.
Brielle sipped her coffee while flipping through the proposal. It was one she had prepared earlier and was flawless.
It took Lucinda a while, but she finally managed to say, "There's an executive meeting in twenty minutes. Ms. Haywood, you're expected to attend."
1/2
Brielle nodded absentmindedly, surveying the office. "Ms. Lucinda, I'm not fond of this office décor. Would you mind arranging a makeover? Shouldn't be a problem, right?"
Lucinda felt a tingling at the scalp, nearly passing out from rage.
Brielle didn't wait for an answer, just grabbed her documents and headed to the penthouse.
That bitch! Lucinda raged inwardly countless times, her eyes glinting with malice as
s she dialed Spencer's number. She refused to believe Spencer couldn't handle Brielle.
"Mr. Spencer, hello, this is Lucinda."
Spencer, who was dealing with his own irritations at home, scowled upon receiving her call. "What is it?"
Lucinda swallowed nervously, knowing full well that Spencer was not someone to cross. She chose her words carefully.
"Brielle came to work today, and she's been made the new director. She even asked me to redecorate the office-a space you personally designed, Mr. Spencer. I wasn't sure.
Spencer sprang from his couch, his eyes aflame, "Who's the new director?!"
Lucinda flinched. Perhaps he wasn't informed of Brielle's promotion?
Indeed, Spencer was in the dark. Demoted without explanation, scolded and sent home, and now with Ryan called back to the Dorsey family estate due to some property issues, no one had filled him in on Brielle's situation.
The directorship of the Mergers and Acquisitions department?! That was not meant for Brielle!
Fuming, Spencer smashed his phone on the floor and stormed out, driving off in his flashy sports car. Something had happened that he was oblivious to.
Hearing the call disconnect, Lucinda's eyes sparkled with glee. It looked like Spencer was on his way. She couldn't help but smile smugly. Brielle's triumph would only last a few hours.
###Chapter 43
Chapter 43
Spencer floored the gas pedal all the way to Dorsey International, and when he reversed to park beneath the towering edifice, he scraped a Lamborghini that was just pulling into the spot next door.
Recognizing the familiar license plate, his brow furrowed with irritation as he stepped out of the car. Of all the rotten luck, he just had to run into this jinx!
A petite girl emerged from the other vehicle, her nose adorned with designer shades, her skin so smooth it almost glared in the sunlight. She glanced up at the imposing Dorsey Tower, slid her sunglasses off, and let out a sharp whistle that cut through the hustle and bustle of the crowd before tossing them carelessly back into her car.
The tattoos covering her exposed, pale arms belied her girlish demeanor, giving her an air of rebelliousness.
Upon s
seeing Spencer, she turned and greeted him with a casual swagger. "Spencer."
Tiffanie Harkins, clad in a crop top tank, slung her purse over her shoulder with a flamboyant toss.
"I heard you got the boot from Maxie, and that Brielle got bumped up to director?"
Tiffanie was the indulged daughter of Victoria, the Dorsey family's fourth daughter, notorious for her extravagant spending and for cycling through boyfriends like seasonal outfits. She was the black sheep of the capital's elite, her reputation in tatters since coming of age.
Spencer's gaze lingered on the rose tattoos adorning her arm, his expression souring. "Who told you that?"
Tiffanie blinked, stifling an unladylike yawn. "Just got back from the family estate. Uncle Ryan's getting an earful from granddad. Broke a couple of priceless vases too."
Hoping to avoid further entanglement, Spencer made to head upstairs to settle scores with Brielle.
Tiffanie, never short of cash, simply called for a tow to the garage and flashed a toothy grin at Spencer. 'I'm actually headed up to see Maxie too. Let's ride up together?"
A flicker of disgust passed through Spencer's eyes at the sight of her dressed so inappropriately, daring to strut in front of Max in such garb.
They entered the elevator together, and Spencer's rational mind began to regain control. This was the time for executive meetings; making a scene now would only put him further in Uncle Max's crosshairs. As the elevator reached the top floor, Tiffanie stepped out first, her familiarity with the place evident as she headed straight for the conference room, chewing her gum
1/2
Chepler
nonchalantly.
Inside the conference room, the board members' faces were shades of displeasure. The document circulated by Dorsey International the previous day had set new rules for departmental appointments, challenging their authority.
None dared to speak out against the man seated before the floor-to-ceiling windows, his presence casting a chilling silence.
Max scanned the room with a quiet gaze, briefly noting the newly promoted Brielle before returning to the matter at hand. "Any additions to the document?" he asked coolly.
Brielle, seemingly the most at ease, leaned back in her chair, licked her lips, and caught her name amidst the discussions. Her eyes met Max's just as a beam of sunlight glinted off the buttons of his shirt, casting an ethereal glow.
"Ms. Haywood?"
It felt like a college professor calling on a student, and those not singled out exhaled in relief.
Max's naturally downturned lashes and the way his fingers tapped lightly on the marble. table conveyed a sense of reserved sensuality. For a fleeting moment, Brielle's thoughts wandered to imagining those fingers deftly undoing a belt, and she felt a rush of heat. She quickly refocused and opened the folder.
"Mr. Dorsey, I've thoroughly reviewed the document over the past few days. The competency value system and the ABC principle are impeccable.
"But I've looked into the internal selection principles of several international firms and believe we could add two more elements: the 80/20 rule and the 2N principle.
The others in the room thought Brielle had lost her mind, their faces etched with scorn. With this sacrificial lamb drawing Max's ire, it might defuse his anger towards the building, sparing them from his wrath.
2/2
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44
Brielle maintained a calm and composed demeanor in her professional endeavors. Having made her point, she fixed her gaze steadily on Max.
Max offered a slight smile, his slender fingers pausing their rhythmic drumming on the table surface as he asked lightly, "And what might that be?" Rising gracefully to her feet, Brielle cast her presentation onto the wide screen.
"The 80/20 Principle is something I've distilled from analyzing management systems at several major corporations. Please, take a look at these charts."
The attention in the room shifted towards the large screen, where a detailed summary was displayed.
But what did it all really mean?
"I ran a number of simulations on my computer and found that the optimal span of control for a manager is between 8 to 12 people. This allows them enough time to ponder strategy without being too idle. The 20 here refers to the entry-level managers-they should not have fewer than 20 people under them. Given that the tasks of ground-level employees are more uniform, some companies even have situations where there are 50 to 80 people under one manager, preventing lower-level managers from being overtasked."
After finishing her explanation, Brielle flipped to the next slide.
"The 2N Rule is designed to prevent cliquishness within the company and mitigate any factional sentiment. I've crunched some numbers from the HR department and found that many individuals employed by Dorsey International in the past few ye
years had extensive work experience elsewhere. The 2N Rule permits an individual to bring along only one colleague from their former workplace. More are welcome, of course, but they would be assigned to different departments."
As she spoke, a few brows furrowed, and someone couldn't contain their irritation. "Brielle, is there a point to this rule? Aren't you just trying to splinter the company?"
Brielle's expression remained unflustered as she switched the content on the screen once
more.
"This is the HR department's personnel flow chart. If a department hires a new leader who brings a bunch of people from their old department, when that leader leaves, those individuals tend to follow, which is a significant loss for us. The 2N Rule effectively prevents this from happening."
The atmosphere within the conference room grew tense. Her words were simple and clear, leaving no one in the dark about their implications, but her proposed principles threatened to upend the status quo for many in management, and their displeasure was
1/2
evident.
Many of them had secured their seats through mutual support. If group alliances were forbidden, their positions would be precarious. They gritted their teeth, their glares sharp enough to tear Brielle apart. Brielle felt her argument was not yet complete and added more.
"Perhaps Mr. Dorsey could afford all managers a year to find a suitable replacement for themselves. If they fail, they should not be assigned new projects the following year. If they still haven't found a replacement after two years, they could be asked to step down. This ensures that the management has a backup and that the departure of a high-ranking staff member won't paralyze operations. For instance, bringing me in to replace Spencer was a very wise decision by Mr. Dorsey."
She ended her speech with a subtle flattery towards Max, also hinting to everyone that it was Mr. Dorsey who had placed her in her current position. Even if they resented it, they would have to stew in silence. After Brielle sat down, she looked openly at Max, confident and unshaken.
Her last remarks had infuriated many. Additionally, everyone suspected that Brielle was polishing her own image, considering her position was clearly orchestrated by other members of the Dorsey family. How could Mr. Dorsey possibly have handpicked her!
"Ms. Haywood seems to be out of touch. Find someone to replace us? How does that maintain our authority in front of the staff? You've just been promoted, so I bet
you still don't know the first thing about managing people. My advice to Ms. Haywood is to get some more hands-on experience at the ground level."
Brielle responded with a smile, "Selecting a backup doesn't undermine a manager's authority. After all, whether the substitute will take over depends on the commy's competency and values matrix, as well as the ABC principle."
Her insinuation was clear. Were they questioning the directives issued by Mr.
"You!"
The or's face turned various shades as their lips quivered, ultimately silencin dissent in frustration.
Outside the conference room, Tiffanie listened intently to Brielle's statements, her
eye. lighting up with admiration. "Spencer, I may not understand all that she's saying, but fiancée seems to have more than a few tricks up her sleeve."
you
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45
Spencer stood beside Tiffanie, his frustration boiling over as he overheard the conversation. No matter how capable Brielle was, deep down, she was just cheating slut. "I think Brielle's miles better than Lillian. At least she's got substance."
Tiffanie, pressing her ear against the door, ignored the darkening scowl on Spencer's face. Spencer's chest felt like it was about to explode. "Her? She's not even in Lillian's league, let alone mine."
"Oh, come on. You sneak around with Lillian behind her back, and I've got my own parade of guys. We're all tarred with the same brush, aren't we?"
Spencer was utterly disgusted. Everyone knew Tiffanie was easy. "You're comparing yourself to me?"
He had only been with Lillian, while Tiffanie had been, well, let's just say she wasn't exactly playing hard to get. Where did she get her confidence from?
Tiffanie's eyes widened as she looked Spencer up and down. "No way, you think you're some sort of prize?"
Spencer's nose twitched in anger, but he couldn't lash out at her. After all, Tiffanie, for all her outrageous behavior, was coddled at home, which had led to her spoiled and carefree attitude. The meeting inside had ended, and Tiffanie, with a chirpy "Maxie," pushed open the door.
Nobody in the conference room moved a muscle, because while they had been condemning Brielle, Max had remained silent, ending the session with a mere "Dismissed." They couldn't gauge his mood and sat frozen in their seats.
Tiffanie's arrival broke the tense atmosphere. However, when the others saw her tank top and the roses tattooed all over her arms, expressions of disdain flickered in their eyes, as if she were some repulsive virus
Oblivious to the cold reception, Tiffanie headed straight for Max. "Maxie, remember you promised to get me that theme park?"
She wore a smile, and as she passed Brielle, she sweetly said, "Hey there, Brielle."
Brielle had seen her before, caked in makeup, her real face hidden. Today's lighter application revealed a surprisingly cute appearance, if you could get past the excessive
tattoos.
Tiffanie, who could buy a yacht for a pop star one day and blow a fortune on a male model the next, seemed unaffected by the scathing public opinion, enjoying her life
1/2
surrounded by men.
Now she was beside Max, all cute and adorable.
*Maxie, I really want that theme park, and could you also give me another card? Please? I've just come back from Grandpa's place, and I've already maxed out this month's allowance. He's ignoring me, and my parents won't take my calls. I've got my eye on this top male celeb, and he's a tough catch. I've already blown through the cards mom and dad gave me."
She reached out and tugged at Max's sleeve softly.
Max looked up, his gaze landing on her tattoos. Tiffanie felt a bit sheepish, swallowing nervously before looking at Brielle. "Brielle, do you have any makeup remover? These are just stickers, I swear I don't have any real tattoos."
Brielle was caught off guard but nodded instinctively.
"Thanks." Tiffanie grinned and held out her hand for the card, but Max didn't look at her, his tone icy. "Clean yourself up first."
Her face lit up, and she hurried over to Brielle. "Let's go get that makeup remover."
Though they weren't close, Brielle found it hard to say no to those big, pleading eyes and let herself be pulled out of the conference room despite the strange vibes in the air.
Spencer was still waiting outside the door. Seeing her, he was so angry he could bite steel. "Brielle!"
He swung his fist in reflex, determined to take her down that day.
But as his fist sailed through the air, Tiffanie's exaggerated shout came from the side. "Maxie, hurry! Spencer is about to hit Brielle!!"
Spencer felt like he was choking on his own rage, on the verge of passing out.
From inside the room, Max's voice, ice-cold, cut through, "Spencer, get in here."
2/2
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46
Spencer's face went as pale as a sheet, shooting Tiffanie a venomous glare before reluctantly pushing the door open and walking in.
Tiffanie turned, a playful smirk dancing across her face as she eyed Brielle. "No need to thank me. Consider it a thank you for the makeup remover." Brielle found Tiffanie's audacity amusing and raised an eyebrow. "It's in my office. Let's
go."
Tiffanie flashed her cute little fangs in a grin, obediently trailing behind Brielle.
As they reached the director's office downstairs, Tiffanie took a quick look around before her a
gaze settled on the desk.
"You really should get a new desk. I once caught Spencer pressing Lillian against this one. Just last year. The whole corridor could hear her moans."
Brielle paused, her hand frozen on the drawer she was opening, feeling a wave of revulsion. She fought down the nausea and handed the makeup remover to Tiffanie.
Tiffanie eyed the cheap bottle with a look of pity. "As much as the Dorsey men are no good, Spencer really takes the cake. The car he bought for Lillian was worth over five million."
Brielle stepped away from the desk, her curiosity piqued. "How do you know all this?"
Tiffanie chuckled, pouring the makeup remover onto her arm and rubbing vigorously. "Because I bought the same model, an import. I often buy cars, and my dear cousin asked me to handle the paperwork with him."
"Why are you telling me this?"
Tiffanie took a tissue and wiped her arms. The tattoos on them indeed disappeared completely. "Because you're the new director, I figured you ought to know. And as for why I'm telling you only now, I thought if you were naive enough to be fooled by him for a lifetime, then you're not worth a few minutes of my time. We're hardly close, after all."
She unreservedly used up an entire bottle of makeup remover, then threw the empty container into the trash bin.
"Come out with me to Tequila Sunset tonight. I'll introduce you to a hot stud. If men can play around, so can we women.”
Her face was the picture of innocence as she opened the office door. "I'll go up first to get my card from Maxie. Wait for me after work."
Brielle was about to refuse when the conference room door slammed shut.
Bang!
1/2
Chapter 46
There was no opportunity to say no.
Sitting down on the couch, she suppressed the wave of disgust, wondering if the couch had also been desecrated by Spencer and Lillian's antics. She stood up and walked to the floor-to-ceiling windows, calling Lucinda inside. "Get someone to replace everything in this office. Everything."
Lucinda had heard from friends upstairs that Spencer was in the building and assumed Brielle would soon be out. Her tone was dismissive. "Ms. Haywood, you might want to hold off on that. Replacing things requires a report to the finance department, and it takes time for the funds to be approved. Besides, finance may not even approve it. Everything here was personally picked by Mr. Spencer. You'll need his permission to change it. Don't get ahead of yourself."
No sooner had the words left her mouth than a cup of ice-cold coffee splashed across her face. Lucinda was in a sorry state, brown coffee flowing down from the top of her head, dripping onto her clothes along her chin. She paused for a few seconds in disbelief before looking up at Brielle as if she were a monster. "Have you lost your mind?"
"I've wanted to do that for a long time. And now, I formally notify you, you're fired."
Lucinda took a few deep breaths, resisting the urge to slap Brielle. "You think you can fire me?! Who do you think you are? Mr. Spencer is here, and you're nothing but his little pet, a pet that's not even well- regarded. You're being cheated and still whoring yourself out for Dorsey International. How cheap can you get?"
Brielle ignored Lucinda's rage and dialed HR from the desk phone. After a brief conversation, she looked up at Lucinda. "I've already submitted the competency value assessment to HR, which aligns with the newly implemented ABC policy. Lucinda, if I were you, I wouldn't keep making the same foolish mistakes. You're here pledging loyalty to Spencer, let's see if he has the clout to bring you back after I've dismissed you."
Lucinda's face turned beet red, her hands clenched at her sides. She was about to speak when the door was pushed open by someone from the HR department, and to her surprise, the dismissal letter was handed to her personally. It all happened too fast, in less than five minutes.
"Ms. Lucinda, please leave the premises now."
Lucinda's eyes bulged, feeling as if she were in a nightmare. Her lips quivered, failing to form a coherent response, and she left the office with tear-rimmed eyes.
She had to find Mr. Spencer!
2/2
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47
The person from the HR department looked at Brielle with a polite expression on their
face.
In this delicate time, she might have been hand-picked by the CEO. Those with any sense knew better than to cross her.
"Ms. Haywood, your requests have been forwarded to the finance department, and the decorators should be here shortly to discuss with you. As for the vacant manager position, feel free to recommend someone if you have a suitable candidate in mind."
with her
As she walked out of the office, Brielle's gaze settled on a girl tucked away in the corner. The girl looked very thin, her hair messy, and she didn't talk much. "Let's go I think her name is Emily Hatfield." The girl named Emily looked up, meeting Brielle's eyes. A flicker of panic crossed her face before she averted her gaze.
Could it be? Did Brielle recognize who she was?
Emily frowned nervously, deliberately tousling her already unkempt hair. The thick, black frames on her nose made her even less conspicuous-if that was possible in the sea of
office workers.
She lowered her head and sent a text message. [I think Brielle is onto me.]
Her phone buzzed almost immediately with a new message. [Emily, maybe just drop it. She hasn't really bullied me that much. You don't have to go out of your way to Dorsey International. The Haywood family has been good to me. If they find out, sigh.]
Emily's face twisted in disapproval as she watched Brielle, her eyes filled with revulsion that was hidden behind the thick lenses.
Meanwhile, Brielle was also observing her, recalling the files she had seen which featured Emily's name.
all of
Emily. The name stood out, and her record was impressive. She might not be appearance, but she had a quiet disposition and never seemed to stir up trouble
Brielle didn't need a social butterfly like Lucinda. Someone who could earnestly g done would suffice. However, the thought of promoting Emily to a managerial posit after only a month at the company gave her pause. The office gossip would undoubte
escalate.
She turned to the HR staff and said, "Let's leave the position open for now. If someone shows exceptional performance in upcoming projects, I'll consider them for the promotion." The HR staff nodded in agreement.
1/2
Chapte
Emily let out a sigh of relief. That brief eye contact had her worried she'd been discovered, but the crisis seemed to have passed, and she allowed herself a quiet huff of disdain.
Her nearby colleagues couldn't help but whisper among themselves. "Emily, you've always seemed to have it out for her. Is it true what you said about her bullying others?"
Nodding, Emily thought of her friend Lillian's tear-stained face and felt a pang of discomfort. "My friend was the one getting bullied. She'd often get slapped by her and was even falsely accused of stealing. Brielle is a piece of work."
"My goodness. I had no idea she was capable of such things. How could Mr. Spencer be so blind?"
Emily's tone was one of scorn as she texted Lillian while responding to her colleagues. "Spencer had eyes for my friend, but Brielle, out of jealousy, cornered him into an engagement. Don't let her aloof demeanor fool you, she's had her fair share of men, which is exactly why Spencer despises her. He knew all along she wasn't the saint she pretends to be."
The colleagues were shocked, never having heard about Brielle's personal life before.
Emily had intended to expose Brielle's professional shortcomings at Dorsey International, but to her frustration, Brielle was meticulous at work and now, infuriatingly, even got promoted. [Lillian, have you heard about Brielle's promotion?]
[Yeah, Spencer mentioned she's been seeing two guys at once. I can't believe Bri would do something like that. She's changed so much, and I hardly recognize her. Emily, you should come back. I'm worried she'll find out about you and get the wrong idea about me.]
[What's there to be afraid of. I chose to come to Dorsey International on my own. Even if she finds out, so what? Don't be scared of her.]
Reading the message, Lillian smirked.
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48
Lillian put the phone down and looked down to rub her belly. She and Spencer had been playing fast and loose, never bothering with contraception, but her body was betraying her stubbornly refusing to conceive
Lately Spencer had been especially attentive, hopeful that this time would be the charm. If she could just get pregnant, Brielle would be out of the picture for good.
Faith, sitting across from her, saw her wandering off and a hint of displeasure crossed her brow Lillian lacked Brielle's professional prowess, but she had her own advantages-compliant, sweet-talking, and without an overabundance of ambition.
Lillian Faith began, her voice laced with a firm reminder. "I told you from the start to be mindful of your place. It's Spencer's choice to keep you around, but I won't have you jeopardizing his advancement. His recent demotion-did you blab something to Max that you shouldn't have?"
There had been whispers that a woman had taken her complaints straight to Max.
Faith had a soft spot for Lillian, but now she doubted whether the woman was fit to be seen in their circles.
Lillian's eyes reddened, her face a picture of sincerity. "Faith, I truly love Spencer, and I never wanted anyone to find out about us. Besides. I've never even met Max."
Max of Dorsey International-his name was known to all. For Lillian to even dream of meeting a man of his stature was folly, let alone speak out of turn in his presence.
She had seen Max's face in the financial papers, expecting Spencer's Uncle Max to be a stern, commanding figure with an authoritative square jaw. She hadn't expected him to be so young, so astonishingly charismatic.
The very first time Lillian had seen his face, it felt as though someone had squeez heart. He was perfection personified, nearly surreal. It would be wonderful to cros with a man like that. Her eyes fell, her thoughts racing with a warm fervor.
Faith, noting the expression on Lillian's face, frowned slightly, wondering if perhaps s was being paranoid. After all, Max had resources at his disposal. He could have found
out on his own.
Farth's eyes drifted to the laptop on the table-the one Lillian had been using to do her research. Now it was paused on a forum page.
[Have you heard? Brielle's been with two guys, giving Spencer a real kick in the teeth.]
I were Spencer, I'd break off the engagement pronto. It's disgusting.]
[Who knows how many have had her? Even if she's good at her job, who's to say she didn't sleep her way to the top?]
Lillian noticed Faith's prying eyes and hastily reached to close the laptop. "It's all nonsense. Please don't give it another thought Bri isn't like that."
Faith's eyes blazed with an incensed red as she yanked the laptop towards her, inhaling sharply. "What's this website?"
Lillian's eyes dropped, her fingers nervously twisting her blouse. "I have a friend at Dorsey International. It's their internal forum, anonymous, so maybe someone's spreading
rumors."
Her lips pursed, her gaze flitting about, "But, Faith, you should really ask Spencer himself. That night, Bri was furious, confessing in front of all of us that she'd been with other men. I think she just spoke without thinking. Spencer would know the truth."
Faith's pupils constricted fiercely. She couldn't believe someone like Brielle would speak carelessly.
Brielle was stubborn to a fault; if she did something, she'd own up to it. If she had admitted it openly, then there was a very good chance it was true.
Her son had been made a fool of!
Faith stood abruptly, wishing she could confront the Haywood family and call off the engagement on the spot.
Watching Faith's livid departure, Lillian took a smug sip from her teacup on the side, a smile curling her lips. People could be so delightfully gullible.
2/2
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49
However, Brielle was unaware of all this. After signing the contract with Integral Elements Inc. she just got off work, and was stopped by Tiffanie Tiffanie's fingertips held the card, the convertible top wide open, and the colorful
accessories looked very flamboyant. She lifted her chin towards Brielle, revealing a sweet smile "Brielle, let's roll. Time to paint the town red"
Brielle and Tiffanie were not close, but Tiffanie was too presumptuous, and it seemed like she couldn't read the room at all. Now, she was already wavingat Brielle.
The car was parked right outside the bustling entrance of Dorsey International, drawing curious looks from the staff. It was a luxury car that commanded attention wherever it was parked.
Tiffanie honked the horn a couple of times, her grin widening into something more genuine. "Life's too short. Wait 'til you see that movie star hunk. You'll realize how ridiculous it is to hang all your hopes on one branch."
Her tone
was very innocent, and she blinked her eyes while speaking. It was difficult to reconcile such a sweet appearance with a messy personal life.
Brielle took a deep breath and slid into the passenger seat. "My engagement to Spencer is heading south sooner or later."
Tiffanie's smile faltered, and she turned with a look of surprise. "What? For real? After playing the martyr all these years, you're suddenly done?"
Tiffanie had a real knack for getting under people's skin.
"Oh, and guess what? Lillian dragged me into her group chat. There are several young ladies from prestigious families in Beaconsfield in the group, and they just love to make you the butt of their jokes." With no further ado, Tiffanie revved the engine and they were off.
A light chuckle escaped Brielle, her posture relaxed. "Is she saying that I bullied her, hit her, or envied her again?"
Tiffanie's lips were glossed with a subtle shade of pink as she smirked, "Spot on. They roast you daily, but hey, Lillian's got the charm. She's the life of the party and everyone seems to think she's the real daughter of the Haywood family."
Indeed, Lillian never missed a high society gathering. The extent of her connections remained a mystery to Brielle. And Lillian did have a talent for drama. Her tears could flow on cue, and nobody seemed immune.
"It really piques my curiosity though. You're supposed to be the Haywood lady, so why does everyone seem to prefer Lillian? Whenever she's in a tight spot at a party, Cameron's
1/2
16:57
the first to jump to her defense. And that bracelet she flaunts, wasn't that from some high-end auction? But based on what I see of your clothing, food, and lifestyle, well, the maid who collects garbage in my house lives better off than you.
Brielle grimaced. Tiffanie's fingertips gripped the steering wheel, and she appeared Innocent Innocently cruel.
I'm not as popular as Lillian"
"Is that so? I think Maxie seems to have a soft spot for you
That casual remark made Brielle narrow her eyes. She had a nagging suspicion that Tiffanie knew about her and Max.
Tiffanie was an enigma, appearing naive yet every word she uttered was a precision strike.
The word to describe her? Unvarnished.
"Mr. Dorsey is always generous with his praise for outstanding employees."
Tiffanie parked outside the Tequila Sunset, and turned to Brielle with a playful gaze. "Brielle, you've been to Maxie's bed, haven't you?"
The question struck like lightning, freezing Brielle in place. Her blood seemed to rush to her head, face flushed with shock.
Tiffanie tapped her fingers idly on the wheel, that innocent smile never wavering.
Brielle straightened her back, finally understanding why Tiffanie sought her out. Maybe the pretense about borrowing makeup remover was just that a pretense. Tiffanie wasn't clueless about subtext. She was intrigued by Brielle, in the way a cruel child might be fascinated by a new toy. Not calculating in the traditional sense, but undeniably terrifying.
###Chapter 50
Chapter 50
Brielle's momentary panic flickered across her eyes before calm reclaimed its territory.
Tiffanie seemed utterly indifferent to any expectations of a response, nor did she act as if she had just dropped a bombshell. "Brielle, you're quite the tragic figure, aren't you?" she said with a detachment that belied the sharpness of her words. "You don't want to be a burden to anyone, yet you crave love. But I see you've come to terms with the fact that you're unlovable. I mean, you wouldn't hook up with Maxie otherwise."
Her tone was innocent, yet the words cut deep.
'Poor thing, I actually feel a bit sorry for you. A guy like Maxie, you can have him for a night but you'll spend a lifetime trying to keep him. And he'll never love you back. He can give you anything but his heart." Brielle straightened her back slightly, adjusting her posture. Her spine arched like a crescent moon, delicate and enticing. She lifted her chin slightly. "Tiffanie, I think you've got it wrong. Max and I, we're just scratching mutual itches."
She needed a temporary shelter, and Max happened to fancy her curves.
"No misunderstanding here. I admire you, so I thought I'd offer a friendly warning. Everything comes easy to Maxie. Tell me, Brielle, what game can you play with him? Your life?
Brielle felt as if she had been hit right where it hurt, thinking to herself that Tiffanie must be friendless. Such candor was blinding in the circles of Beaconsfield.
It was like a beam of light shining into a dilapidated gutter. This beam of light might accidentally shine on the corrupt and dirty in the ditch. And everyone wished the light would just go away. "I won't fall for Max, let alone love him. But thanks for the heads-up.
"Really?"
That same naive tone.
Brielle pursed her lips, nodding firmly. "I'm petty, and I hold grudges. If someone doesn't want me, I certainly don't want them. I got involved with Max as a way to get back at Spencer. The soft glow from outside reflected on her face, her gazes as still as a deep pool.
'There are many villains in this world; why should I be expected to play the saint? I can't suppress the urge for revenge, so I turned to Max. And as for him being incapable of love, that's a lesson I've already learned."
"Tiffanie, you have a profound analysis of human nature, even to the point of seeing right
1/2
Chaplet SJ
through my desire for love. I admit I'm lonely, but that's precisely why I humans crave love, including you, Tiffanie. Aren't you the same?"
derstand why
At the ripe age of twenty, she had managed to tarnish her reputation so thoroughly. It was as if she was declaring to the world-this is who I am, indeed promiscuous and unworthy. So, spare me your love.
a
Without expectation, hope would never rise. Tiffanie's heart was as barren as a wasteland.
"Brielle, you-" Tiffanie suddenly found herself at a loss for words, unable to comprehend how she had been so quickly overpowered.
Brielle's gaze was direct and audacious. "Tiffanie, you've been with so many men, surely you're looking for one who truly loves you. Someone who loves you despite knowing your foolishness, frivolity, empty- headedness, vulgarity; someone who loves you even though you're
Kind of second-rate tabloid fodder everyone criticizes."
"Max won't love, and neither will you, Tiffanie. Or rather, the Dorsey clan, none of them. know how."
When trapped by love, a person became deaf and blind to the rest of the world, like a slave chained to an oar on a tiny boat, utterly powerless. And the Dorsey family's creed would never allow anyone to be a slave.
The words were straightforward and somewhat crazy, like holding a gun against someone's heart.
2/2
###Chapter 51
Chapter 51
The innocence on Tiffanie's face had vanished, and within a few minutes, she broke into laughter.
"Turns out Maxie has met his match. How about I buy you a drink? I've really found some great guys, all of them are quite the catch." She adeptly changed the subject, her gaze sparkling once more.
Brielle was itching to leave, but it was clear that now wasn't the right time. Stepping out of the car, her eyes fell upon Andrew, leaning casually against another vehicle.
Andrew was dressed down, but his presence was still commanding, in stark contrast to the man standing opposite him, who looked like he stepped out of a GQ magazine, especially his cigarette-holding hand, which seemed more suited to wielding a pen or painting masterpieces.
Tiffanie noticed as well, her smile widening. "Brielle, what do you think of the guy next to Andrew?"
Brielle's lips twitched, struggling to suppress a chuckle, "If I'm not mistaken, that's Kenzo, the most talented screenwriter around, heir to the Barnes family legacy."
Kenzo was nearly as tall as Andrew, but their auras couldn't be more different.
Andrew's presence was always crackling with a dangerous spark, as if he was a lit fuse. ready to ignite and burn everything to ashes. Kenzo, on the other hand, exuded a gentle demeanor, his hand that held the cigarette was distractingly attractive, and his smile had a mischievous curl at the corners.
"You know him? You hardly ever show up to these gatherings. And Kenzo doesn't seem the social butterfly either. But no worries, if you fancy him, I'll go drug him for now. We can talk after you've slept with him."
Brielle rubbed her forehead, "Are you sure you won't get killed trying?"
you right
"Maybe, but I'd have to survive because Maxie wouldn't let anyone finish the job. To snag al night with the most talented screenwriter of our time, I'd say it's worth the risk."
"There's got to be a better use for that energy of yours."
Tiffanie paused, then burst out laughing, "I'm finding you more interesting than I thought."
She had no intention of greeting the two men and was about to pull Brielle inside, but Brielle walked over to Kenzo, standing with a poised yet approachable air. "Hey there, Kenzo, long time no see." Kenzo put his cigarette down and tossed it in the nearby trash can before looking at her warmly.
1/2
"Brielle?"
"That's me."
Tiffanie didn't expect these two to strike up a conversation, her curiosity bouncing from one to the other, finally settling on Andrew.
Andrew was idly flipping a lighter in his hand, the lid opening and closing with the flick of his fingers, the flame igniting and extinguishing intermittently. Noticing someone watching him, he didn't look up. Tiffanie nudged Brielle's shoulder, "So, are you still up for meeting that movie star with me?"
Brielle wasn't keen on going, and this was a good opportunity to decline, but before she could speak, Andrew's mocking gaze landed on her.
She felt a chill run down her spine, and then she saw Andrew pull out his phone and dial a number. After about ten seconds, the call connected.
"Max, your Little Canary wants to fly away to another forest. Should I just snuff her out for you?" His tone was sinister, the last few words ground out between clenched teeth.
Brielle was somewhat afraid of Andrew; he was unpredictable, there was nothing he wouldn't dare to do. She had a feeling that if Max on the other end gave the go-ahead, Andrew wouldn't hesitate to choke the life out of her. A canary that didn't know how to endear itself to others wasn't worth keeping alive.
Her heart felt squeezed, the air around her growing thin, barely able to breathe. She didn't know what Max said on the other end, but the next second Andrew pressed the phone to her ear.
2/2
###Chapter 52
Chapter 52
"Got the jitters?"
Max's voice came through the phone with a chill that was like an invisible hand, steadying a racing heart
"Nah, I just know he's joking."
Max's eyebrow arched, his lips curling into a slight smirk, "Andrew never jokes"
Brielle's breathing hitched a bit as she felt Kenzo's gaze turn more meaningful. She just wanted to end the call as soon as possible "Uncle Max, you needed me for something?"
"Yeah, get ready. You're joining me on a business trip tonight."
Brielle thought she'd misheard, but when it came to work, she straightened up, all business. "What time tonight?"
"Flight's at ten. Patrick will pick you up.
That settled it for Brielle, she couldn't say no to Max. She handed the phone back to Andrew with a thanks and then turned to Tiffanie. "Something's come up with work-I've got to head out." years ago. I
Then she looked at Kenzo, "Kenzo, I never got to thank you for that thing three yea owe you dinner."
Kenzo's gaze deepened, his smile fading a little, "Sure, add me on Messenger.
Without any fuss, Brielle whipped out her phone, added him, exchanged a few polite words, and left.
After she was gone, Kenzo put his phone down and turned to Andrew.
"Little Canary?"
The gentle smile was gone, replaced by an unreadable expression.
Andrew flipped his lighter open and lit a cigarette with practiced ease, "What, scouting info for your little sister again?"
"Alivia has been nagging too much. I can't just sit back and do nothing."
"Nothing special. Max will keep her close for a few days."
Kenzo's eyes narrowed slightly, a spark of interest flickering in them. Max, keeping a woman close?
Whatever the reason, Brielle was now a threat to Alivia's future. Kenzo smirked at the thought of the drama that would unfold.
Chapter 52
Tiffanie, on the side, really didn't want to stand with two men like this. It would affect her upcoming hunting. She made a quick excuse and slipped into the dance floor, eyes peeled for her target: a top-tier celebrity rumored to be there tonight.
Meanwhile, Brielle returned to her apartment, clueless about where the business trip would take her or for how long.
She packed a couple of outfits and, after a moment's thought, applied a touch of makeup. Then she grabbed all the documents she could carry, and by seven, Patrick's car pulled up downstairs. Brielle slid into the car and immediately noticed Max, sitting quietly with his eyes closed, head resting against a custom headrest, looking every bit the picture of weary nobility.
She moved more gently, not wanting to disturb him, then leaned forward to ask Patrick in a low voice.
"Where are we headed?"
"Ms. Brielle, you'll see when we get there."
Reading the room, Brielle fell silent.
Before boarding the plane, her phone rang-it was the Haywood family. The Haywood household was in an uproar because Faith had shown up in person to scorn them and call off the engagement. "Brielle, get back here now!"
"Do you have any idea how vital the business ties between the Haywoods and the Dorseys are? Since Spencer still wants this engagement, keep your mouth shut. Bri, don't disappoint me. You've been stepping out of line too much lately."
That night, Brielle confessed to having an affair, making Miranda feel bot Combined with the thoughts from Lillian's diary, Miranda suddenly felt past years. Actually, Brielle's nature was just so deceptive and fickle!
Regret washed over her for not having Lillian as her own daughter-at lea have been such an embarrassment.
nger and pain.
by these
"Mom, Spencer cheated on me first. His thing with Lillian, it's like a thorn in my
Impatience flickered in Miranda's eyes. She felt she knew Brielle's true nature and believe a word she said.
"Just get back here and apologize to Ms. Faith, And don't bring up that night again. As long as Spencer is willing, you must marry into the Dorsey family."
Brielle had never felt so insignificant in her position within the Haywood family
###Chapter 53
Chapter 53
She didn't think twice before hanging up the phone.
Minutes later, Robert called again. Brielle simply turned off her phone, unwilling to be disturbed on her business trip.
She grabbed her boarding pass and entered first class. Whether by Patrick's design or pure happenstance, her seat was right next to Max's. As the plane took off, Max was engrossed in a presentation video on his tablet.
He was quiet, his gaze intense and focused, a refreshing coolness about him that seemed
to soothe the soul.
Brielle, eyes closed, tried to calm her emotions, but thoughts of the Haywood family stirred
annoyance within her. When she finally opened her eyes and caught a glimpse of the content on the tablet, she couldn't help but interject. "Michael Porter? Uncle Max, you're into his talks too?"
Max was significantly taller, he tilted his head slightly, his face holding a clean-cut sharpness. "You know of him?"
Brielle nodded. Given this was a business trip, she didn't feel the need to butter him up as she would in a more private setting.
"A professor at Harvard Business School, famous for his Five Forces framework," she commented.
She reached out to help steady the tablet, her fingertips brushing against his rosary bracelet. Suddenly, he withdrew his wrist slightly, capturing her fingertips in his palm.
A flutter coursed through Brielle's heart, and she struggled to focus on the presentation. "His framework is quite renowned. It even led Peter Drucker to introduce the concept into the field of corporate management for the first time. I thought someone of your stature wouldn't bother with these anymore."
It wasn't flattery; after all, these theories were common talk in the financial circles. Max had made a name for himself on Wall Street by the age of sixteen. He had to be well-versed in such matters.
The warmth of his palm sent her thoughts racing, her breathing quickening. He seemed at ease, as if her fingertips were merely an amusing trinket.
"Professor Porter was my mentor." His tone was casual as he held onto her delicate fingertips, just holding them, nothing more, nothing less. His presence was calm, cool.
After a moment of hesitation, Brielle gently clamped down on his fingertips.
High above the earth, every secret of the human body felt incredibly romantic and profound. Life was indeed a spectacular event.
However, she was well aware that their encounter was nothing more than a play of
circumstance.
Behind the romance was the biting chill of reality.
Several hours later, the plane touched down in the United States. Even as Brielle was escorted to a manor house, the purpose of the trip was still a mystery. She was trying to adjust to the time difference when she heard Patrick's voice from the garden outside her
window.
"President, Mr. Hatfield from Hatfield Inc. is also here, for the auction as well."
An auction? Was there a famous auction happening abroad? But if it was just an auction, why would Max have brought her along?
Soon enough, she got her answer. Patrick brought her a file, placing it directly before her. "Ms. Brielle, this contains all the research on the Hartley Group."
The Hartley Group?
Brielle had been keeping up with international news since landing and hadn't heard any updates on the Hartley Group.
"Tomorrow night's auction will be attended by all of North America's tycoons, and the President of the Hartley Group might bring up a partnership."
Brielle felt a shiver run down her spine at the thought of all the North American tycoons in one place. What sort of auction would draw such a lavish assembly?
Suppressing her surprise, she took the documents and began to study them intently.
Max and Patrick left the manor, only returning around ten, carrying hints of alcohol on their breath. By then, Brielle had gone over the documents several times, not daring to set them aside even for a moment.
Her room was dark except for a single lamp by the window. When Max stepped in, he saw her poring over the pages, her hair cascading over her shoulders, her features illuminated beautifully.
There was something captivating about anyone, man or woman, when they were fully
immersed in their work.
###Chapter 54
Chapter 54
"Uncle Max, with the Hartley Group and Infinity Brilliance being the two most formidable financial powerhouses in North America, they're both set to make a splash at the auction. Now that Infinity Brilliance is teaming up with the Clements Corporation, does that mean someone from the Clements clan will show?"
The room was dimly lit, the air tinged with the scent of whiskey.
Max approached, noticing the Infinity Brilliance dossier displayed on the laptop screen. beside her.
"Andrew will be there."
He sat down, wrapping his arms gently around her from behind, "Scared of him?"
Indeed she was, but because of Aubree, she wanted to understand what kind of Andrew was.
person
"The Clements family is cooperating with Infinity Brilliance, and with that, no one can replace Andrew's position in the Clements family, right?"
If the Clements family ever came after Aubree, she hoped Andrew would keep her safe.
Max didn't respond, just held her on the window-side daybed.
Brielle tried to ignore the warmth spreading through her heart. This was not a good sign.
She hadn't touched a drop of alcohol, yet her skin tingled as if fingertips danced upon it, slightly intoxicating. Her mind went blank for a moment until she felt a tickle on her neck. His lips grazed her skin, not painful, almost tender. He must be tipsy.
Brielle's eyelashes fluttered, and she instinctively pulled away, "Uncle Max, the Hartley Group's dealings with Dorsey International don't overlap. Dorsey International broke into international markets the year you took over. Logically, this partnership seems unnecessary. Is it because of Mr. Hartley? I saw he's also a Harvard grad, a friend of yours, Uncle Max? Mmm, be gentle."
A low chuckle came from the man as he lifted her in his arms, heading for the bathroom.
"Brielle, are you sure you want to keep talking business?"
Brielle bit her lip, fearful of this seductive dance he was leading. It was disorienting, intoxicating.
"Mr. Dorsey, you provided the info, so of course, I have to do my due diligence. Among the Hartley Group's core businesses, the only one that seems to connect with Dorsey International is MarketPlace. Is Dorsey International planning to list its subsidiaries' products there? If so, it could leverage the Hartley Group's logistics network, saving a pretty penny."
1/2
She was now seated on the vanity, facing a mirror a meter in diameter that reflected both of them. Brielle closed her eyes, unable to bear the provocative image.
"Or maybe I'm wrong, and Dorsey International isn't aiming to integrate with MarketPlace. The latest data suggests the Hartley Group intends to develop a state-of-the-art. automated grocery chain. The crux of such stores is the ceiling sensors that cover the entire space, necessitating Al technology, which Dorsey International happens to excel in. Mr. Dorsey, your foresight had you fund sensor research two years ago. Now, you could potentially sell this tech to the Hartley Group, with its extensive North American storage and logistics system, though they lack Al research.
The sounds in the bathroom made her blush, her eyelids squeezed shut, forcing her to tilt her head back.
Just then, the icily composed man paused, pinching her chin. "Go orr."
Brielle w
was drained of strength, trying to stay lucid, but her voice faltered.
"As for the upfront costs for an automated grocery, be it Al, machine learning, or big data, Dorsey International has more expertise than the Hartley Group. If Dorsey International sells this entire suite of tech to them, then they could-"
"Could what?"
She couldn't speak anymore. Overwhelmed, yet he pressed on, seemingly reveling in her confusion.
How wicked.
But ultimately, Brielle succumbed, her eyes reddening as she clawed at his back in frustration and surrender.
If there were two kinds of sin in this world, Max clothed was one, Max unclothed was another. Brielle watched herself fall with crystal clarity. She remembered Tiffanie's words
one night to win Max, a lifetime to love him.
Such agony. But then again, he was Max.
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55
The next morning, Brielle turned on her phone, which had been turned off. There were many missed calls inside, not only from the Haywood family but also from Spencer and Faith. As for the messages filling the screen, she didn't even bother to look at them. She just pressed delete.
After tidying up a bit, she made her way to the estate's living room. Max was out, likely not to return until the evening. Brielle had committed the information she'd uncovered to memory, but she was eager to get a real feel for the work environment at the North American conglomerate's towering headquarters. She knew all too well that limited experience narrowed one's vision, and only by immersing herself in the thick of it could she truly grasp the allure of these financial powerhouses.
Wall Street, for instance, just a stone's throw away, was the stuff of dreams for any finance professional. The hub of the business world, where within a mere square kilometer, over two thousand financial institutions and nearly four hundred thousand finance professionals converged.
The very thought had Brielle's blood pumping with excitement.
However, her outing faced a rocky start as a sudden downpour caught her mid-journey. She took shelter under a bus stop awning, watching as dark clouds amassed ominously above. Horns blared in the distance, visibility dropping by the second.
Brielle checked her route on her phone and decided on a shortcut down a less-traveled alley.
"Bang! Bang!" No sooner had she stepped into the deserted lane than the sound of gunfire echoed. A nearby sign clattered violently in the wind.
Under the veil of rain, all discord seemed well concealed.
Brielle halted, not daring to move forward. In a foreign land, especially in carrying firearms was common, running up like that was seeking death.
As she was about to retreat, a rough hand clamped around her wrist. The gr enough to make her bones ache, and in moments she found herself pinned ag mold-streaked wall. ry where
"Aussie?" The man's tone carried a tinge of confusion, his breath hot against her ne
Brielle stiffened, swallowing hard. The cold barrel of a gun pressed against her side m it clear that any sudden moves could be her last.
Several men lay in the depths of the alley, their blood mingling with the rainwater in the gutters. She had stumbled upon a murder.
She didn't recognize the man, but there was something vaguely familiar about him. Then,
1/2
In the flash of a synapse, a photograph came to mind.
The young son of Infinity Brilliance, the diamond industry's most favored and enigmatic figure.
Twenty-some years ago, Infinity Brilliance lost a daughter. Neither the chairman nor this young man had ever ceased their search.
Brielle's eyelashes fluttered as she managed to speak, "Mr. Lynch, I didn't see anything."
It was no secret that Infinity Brilliance had amassed a multitude of enemies. Their domineering rules and sharp practices had nearly cornered the entire diamond market.
Dustin, taken aback that this woman knew of him, scrutinized her before pocketing his gun. 'Which Aussie family's daughter are you?
"I'm just an employee at Dorsey International."
Dustin was not in his usual suit, dressed simply in a white shirt and black pants, looking quite young. He reached out, fingers wrapping around her throat. "Dorsey International? You know Max?" Brielle, having researched Infinity Brilliance before, was familiar with Dustin's profile. It seemed Dustin and Max were not on the best of terms.
She regretted her quick tongue. "I don't know him."
The wise know when to yield.
Dustin's grip tightened, a flicker of irritation crossing his face.
An employee of Dorsey International not knowing Max was like telling tall tales with eyes wide ope
open. His hand formed into a claw, intending to frighten her, but in the next instant, the scene before him shifted dramatically.
"Thud!"
With a swift judo move, Brielle had him on the ground and pinned his arm with an efficient
twist.
Dustin was stunned, his mind racing to catch up. Instead of resisting, he looked up at her. "What the hell?"
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56
Brielle's face was pale as she pulled out her smartphone, aiming it at Dustin's face to start recording.
"Mr. Lynch, I wouldn't be doing this if I wasn't desperate to stay alive. A man of your stature surely wouldn't stoop to quarrel with the likes of me, right? Just promise you won't come after me again, and I won't release this video of a woman flipping you over her shoulder."
Dustin couldn't help but laugh, still pondering the strength of her move, "You've trained?"
Brielle nodded, "Fourth-degree black belt."
"Not bad."
Brielle was taken aback, unable to fathom what was going through this man's mind. Was he actually complimenting her?
She saved the video, no longer pinning Dustin down with her knee. Dustin's shirt was drenched, and just then his phone started buzzing.
Standing aside, Brielle watched as his fingers deftly played with the gun, his whole demeanor casual and detached. In his eyes, human lives seemed as insignificant as dust. "Andrew, you've arrived?" Whatever the response was, Dustin, after hanging up, began to walk out of the alley. Halfway through, he paused and turned back to glance at Brielle, "You know him?"
Brielle didn't reply, hearing him continue, "Your eyes reacted when I mentioned Andrew's name."
She wanted to deny knowing him. After all, both Andrew and Dustin were after her life. But Dustin didn't wait for her refusal, abruptly grabbing her wrist and heading straight for the black car parked nearby. A black stretch Bugatti shimmered through the rain.
Inside the spacious car, Andrew flipped his phone in his palm after ending the call. Across from him, a man exuding an aura of austerity pinched a piece of paper between his fingertips - it was the auction catalogue.
"Max, what's Michael after this time?"
"The Ten Divine Panes."
Max set the catalogue aside. The scroll was the auction's showstopper, its price yet to be revealed.
000
"No wonder you needed to come personally."
This scroll had never appeared in auctions before. It was the work of a court painter from the 17th century. Michael had always liked collecting such pieces.
Max glanced outside. Two blurred figures approached through the rain. "You didn't get into a tussle with Dustin?"
Dustin wasn't a regular in the social circles of Beaconsfield and was unfamiliar to them. It was unexpected that he would join Andrew at the auction.
The North American elite were even more intricate than the Beaconsfield set, and Dustin, notorious in those circles as a playboy, had a reputation as tarnished as that of a male Tiffanie. "Why would I fight him?"
"You're both after Lot 8, right?"
Lot 8 was a one-of-a-kind timepiece. Andrew would certainly fight for Tessa, as in the past/most of these valuable items would end up being sent to the Rowland family.
Yeah, I'm after Lot 8. Dustin's generous with women, but not every woman is worth splurging on to woo her."
The timepiece, by conservative estimates, would fetch around eighty million.
Max's gaze returned to the window, the figures in the rain becoming clearer.
Brielle tried to shake off Dustin's grip, but he seemed intent on holding on tightly. Once they were seated in the more subdued Mulsanne, Dustin called Andrew in the car ahead.
with
The stretched Bugatti was not far in front, and naturally, he wouldn't share a ride Andrew. They weren't that close.
They had originally agreed to meet at the auction, but now, soaked to the skin, Dustin would be delayed.
"Andrew, head on in. We'll meet at the auction and then you can fill me in on any you've got."
news
Being of similar age and with the Clements family and Infinity Brilliance confirming a partnership, the men had met before and dispensed with formalities.
After hanging up and ensuring Brielle wasn't going to bolt, Dustin finally released her to start another conversation with the person on the other end of the screen.
"A philosophy student? You think I'd like someone so stiff? All she talks about are cultural paradigms and shifts in consciousness. If she goes on, I might have to get a primer on Rousseau. At dinner last time, she even said that the highest value is being ready to die for an internal ideal. I want her to surrender to me, not to some lofty cause. Look, we're
2/3
Chapter 56
not on the same page. Don't bother me about her anymore."
Dustin's brow furrowed, tossing his phone aside in irritation.
For Brielle, it was her first encounter with this privileged son of fortune. Surprisingly, she felt he wouldn't harm her. There was an inexplicable sense of familiarity.
"Mr. Lynch goes on dates arranged by others?"
It sounded like he was coerced into it.
Dustin gave a lazy smile, the hostility draining away, "It's more like a selection of
consorts."
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57
Choking on his words, Brielle shifted her gaze to the road ahead, swiftly changing the subject, "I've got plans later tonight, can you drop me off somewhere?"
Dustin, eyes closed, didn't respond.
Only when the car came to a stop did Brielle realize they were at Dustin's private villa, a retreat he used for entertaining his ladies.
She stood hesitantly at the spacious entrance, feeling a strong resistance to stepping inside. The peculiar chair placed amid the flower stands seemed to her like some kind of kinky accessory. This guy had a reputation as questionable as Tiffanie's. Brielle thought Tiffanie was outrageous, but Dustin was proving to be a whole new level of scandalous.
An array of exotic professional gadgets was on display, complete with a swing that seemed to cater to every conceivable fantasy.
Brielle's expression grew more bizarre by the second, finally settling on a grand piano near the entrance that looked incredibly valuable.
She breathed a sigh of relief, deliberately avoiding the other gadgets and instead, her fingers couldn't resist playing a key on the piano. "Is there some reason for the piano being here?"
"Of course." Dustin answered seriously, then walked further inside to change his clothes.
Brielle figured the guy wasn't completely unreliable.
Minutes later, Dustin emerged in a tailored suit, his demeanor instantly transformed to one of composed elegance.
The door opened to admit a flurry of people - a professional styling team had arrived.
"Go get changed."
"Me?"
Brielle, thinking she was just a spur-of-the-moment interest for him, was now being instructed to change. It couldn't possibly mean he was planning to take her to an auction. But she was indeed ushered into a dressing room by the entourage.
Stepping out in a flowing aquamarine gown, Dustin raised an eyebrow. "Not bad, you look much better than that philosopher."
It seemed he was out of female company and had premeditatedly snatched her up for the occasion. Brielle was curious about the degree of trauma this so-called philosopher had inflicted on him.
1/2
She sat down as stylists swarmed her, closing her eyes to let them work on her face. Feeling the need to break the odd silence, she picked up on the earlier topic. "That piano, what's the significance? I remember at Mr. Lynch's eighteenth birthday gala, your family hired a handwriting expert to assess your script."
That ceremony was a grand affair, with every young socialite from North America in attendance. Dustin's handwriting fetched an astonishing five million at auction. Whether it was worth that sum was another matter entirely.
A smirk played on Dustin's lips, amused that she knew even this. Clearly, she kept up with corporate news.
"I just find it quite intriguing to use the piano as a stage. Everyone's body can play a different symphony. Sometimes, with a glass of wine in hand, watching the piano keys stained red, don't you think it's quite sophisticated?"
Brielle had never been so speechless in her life. Her breath grew heavier, and her face nearly cracked.
No wonder he was the most infamous playboy in the North American social circles. Taking a deep breath, she managed to maintain her composure with great effort.
"Mr. Lynch, you're certainly blunt."
Dustin turned to look at her and chuckled. He rarely enjoyed himself so much. Seeing her struggle to stay calm was entertaining.
Wisely, Brielle refrained from starting another conversation, fearful of what 'sophisticated activity' he might describe next.
The styling team quickly finished preparing the two of them. She looked down at the aquamarine dress, thinking anything Dustin had to offer was certainly not run-of-the-mill.
"Mr. Lynch, how much is this dress?"
"What, you think I'm short on cash?"
Just as Dustin finished his retort, his phone rang. Glancing at the flashing name on the screen, a sneer crossed his face. While gesturing for Brielle to head out, he answered the call. "I made it clear, I'm not interested in Scott's novels, Schubert's ballads, Delacroix, or the rise of national romanticism. Stop calling me. I've already got a date for tonight. Sweetheart, we're just not cut from the same cloth."
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58
Brielle trailed behind him quietly, a sense of surreal disbelief clinging to her. The auction was only a couple of hours away, and she was sure Max would be looking for her soon.
"Mr. Lynch, I came here with a colleague, and I should probably get back to him. If you're short of a date, how about we touch base at the entrance of the auction?" she suggested, convinced Max wouldn't need her as his so-called date.
Ever since Dustin hung up the phone, a frown had taken residence between his brows. "Call your colleague. Tonight you're with me," he commanded.
Swallowing nervously, Brielle realized she didn't have Max's number.
Dustin raised an eyebrow and chuckled lightly. "Colleague? Are you really an employee of Dorsey International?”
"Yes," she replied, her voice barely above a whisper.
Dustin nodded and, without hesitation, whipped out his phone, calling Andrew. "Tell Mr. Dorsey I'm borrowing one of his employees for the evening."
After delivering the message, he turned to Brielle. "What's your name?"
Caught off guard by his assertiveness, she struggled to maintain her composure. "Lucinda," she lied without missing a beat.
Without any suspicion, Dustin relayed to Andrew, "Her name's Lucinda. She'll be my for tonight. Tell Mr. Dorsey I'll make it up to him with dinner when I visit Australia."
date
On the other end of the line, Andrew stared at his disconnected call, racking his brain for the name.
No recollection..
Dustin had a taste for striking beauty, so this 'Lucinda' must be exceptional. But did Dorsey International even employ such a woman?
Frowning, he glanced at Max, who sat with his eyes closed, "Dustin just called. He wants to borrow one of your employees for the night, someone named Lucinda." Max's eyelashes fluttered as he slowly opened his eyes. "Who?"
"Lucinda," Andrew repeated, scoffing. "Since when does Dorsey International harbor such a temptress that Dustin personally calls to request her company?" Max's jaw clenched, a mist of emotion swirling in his eyes before settling back into an inscrutable smile. "Lucinda," he echoed.
He looked up and instructed Patrick with a casual command. "We won't be heading back to the manor,"
1/3
Chapter 58
Patrick was surprised, as they were originally set to pick up Ms. Brielle. But without further questioning, he adjusted the steering wheel accordingly.
The car fell into a tense silence. Andrew sensed a shift in Max's demeanor ever since that phone call - a chilling coldness now laced with a hint of frost in his gaze. "Max, didn't you bring Brielle along? Where is she now?"
Max chuckled lightly, idly tapping his long fingers on his knee. "She's at the venue."
"You're letting her wander around in the chaotic North American scene? If she flies into someone else's cage, dazzled by the glitz, she might never find her way back."
"Would she not be dazzled by the glitz at my side?"
Max closed his eyes again, his voice husky as he recalled the previous night. "She's not that shallow.'
Andrew had his biases against Brielle. She had boldly schemed against Max at their first meeting and shamelessly admitted to being his mistress.
He knew she wasn't, of course. Many in Beaconsfield longed to share Max's bed but could only watch from afar - except Brielle, who actually took action.
He wondered if Max would have ended her if her seduction had succeeded.
Their second encounter at Tequila Sunset surprised him. Not only had she survived, but she thrived.
Max harbored a faint interest in Brielle, just a flicker, but enough to put Andrew on alert. So when Tiffanie took Brielle to meet a male star, he felt compelled to inform Max. At least until Max was bored of her, she should stay obediently.
"A woman who schemes to sleep with you isn't shallow enough? In my opinion, she's just got a pretty face. You haven't tired of her yet, so you're still looking through rose-colored glasses." "And you're tired of Aubree?"
Max's mention of Aubree caught Andrew off guard. Their relationship was meant to rot away in silence.
"She's just a pastime. Easy to call, easy to dismiss, saves me a lot of trouble."
After all, Tessa didn't appreciate his dalliances, Sleeping with a hundred different people or a hundred times with one person made no difference to him.
"Brielle said Aubree loves you.
Max's words were a reminder to Andrew not to do something he might regret, but the very mention of love contorted Andrew's face in disgust. He knew Aubree fancied him, loved him, but men could be more cruel to women who loved them but whom they didn't bother
2/3
to love in return. Andrew wasn't just indifferent; he went so far as to cruelly humiliate
them.
###Chapter 59
Chapter 59
He didn't really want to discuss it in front of Max. Max wasn't keen on prying either. Sensing his reluctance, he just went back to perusing his documents.
The car swiftly pulled up in front of the grand building, where numerous media outlets had already gathered.
However, they were kept at bay behind barricades, with not a single reporter allowed near. Only the relentless flashing of cameras lit up the scene.
Neither Max nor Andrew enjoyed making appearances at such events, so the car took a detour on the red carpet and eventually parked in a private lot.
Inside the lobby, a crowd had already formed, flanked by waist-high partitions. Consultants in sharp suits were on their phones, updating their far-flung employers about the auction's live bids. At auctions of this magnitude, collectors who couldn't make it in
via live person would send trusted consultants to bid on their behalf, keeping in touch feeds.
Andrew and Max were seated next to each other, and after scanning the room full of suited consultants, Andrew chuckled, "This bidding war is insane. It'll take at least 300 million for Michael to get his hands on what he wants."
The auction of Eternal Whispers was bound to attract covetous glances, but there was something even more significant on the roster tonight, although the organizers were keeping it under wraps. "Max, any idea what the big secret item the organizers haven't disclosed might be?"
It was usually a disadvantage for the organizers to delay revealing an item, but this time, no matter who you asked, no one could get the details.
Waiters in white gloves respectfully ushered guests into the hall, and just then, Dustin's car arrived at the entrance. He was always a high-profile figure in the North American circuit, but after a glance at Brielle, he chose not to stop in front of the paparazzi's lenses. Once inside the venue, many greeted him, and then their gaze fell on Brielle. She didn't seem intimidated, but as she passed through the last doorway, she felt a piercing gaze upon her.
Looking up, her eyes met Max's from the front row. Her pupils shrank, and she quickly tried to lower her hand.
Max's gaze was indifferent, with a slight curve at his lips. His eyes trailed over her waist. before he subtly gestured to the seat beside him. He was indicating for her to come over. Brielle couldn't defy him. Dustin noticed the exchange and frowned, but then, with a casual air, he walked over and
Chapter 59
sat down with one seat separating him from Max.
Brielle was sandwiched between them, feeling like she was on pins and needles. "Uncle Max." She called out quietly, nervously trying to explain in a hushed tone.
Dustin, however, turned his head in surprise, "What did you call him? I thought you said you didn't know him?"
Brielle really wished she could silence him. She managed to keep a straight face, all survival instincts on high alert, "You must have misheard, Mr. Lynch."
Just then, Max's fingertips landed on her powder blue sleeve. Her dress was conservatively designed, with gathered lace sleeves that exuded elegance. With each step she took, the fishtail hem of her dress fluttered, adorned with sequins. Among a sea of strapless gowns, it stood out.
However, Brielle felt like she was standing there naked, as if the fingertips on her wrist. could reach through the fabric and touch her skin. The warmth spread, making her heart tremble with a scalding sensation
Andrew, sitting on the other side of Max, cold and serpentine.
hadn't uttered a word from the start, his eyes
The domineering presence of the three men silenced Brielle, who sat with a rigid back, trying not to show any signs of weakness.
Her silence didn't prevent Dustin from speaking up. "Mr. Dorsey, I've long admired you. It seems I've intercepted your companion by mistake. My apologies."
His presence was no less commanding than Max's, and he leaned in toward Brielle with at lazy smile. "It appears Mr. Dorsey and I have similar taste."
At that, Max looked up, "Similar?"
Dustin nodded, but he didn't play the same high-stakes game of innuendo as Max. If truly wanted to pursue something with this woman, his tactics would be second to no Yet, his feelings towards Brielle were odd.
Her face was undeniably beautiful, a prize he typically wouldn't pass up, but all he felt w an inexplicable closeness, especially under the scrutiny of her gaze, which made him want to soften.
"Isn't it? Mr. Dorsey must also find her quite endearing, right?"
Brielle felt a tingling sensation at the back of her head. If not for the fear of Dustin's potential revenge, she would have retorted.
Endearing? For a playboy like Dustin, the number of women who've tugged at his heartstrings was countless.
Max raised an eyebrow, his fingertip tracing gently over the back of Brielle's hand, "Yes,
2/3
she does seem quite endearing."
Despite knowing this was a game between two men, Brielle's heart fluttered at his words,
a mix of exhilaration and bitterness, indescribably complex.
3/3
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60
Max was blissfully unaware of the havoc his words wreaked, lounging on cloud nine with
the ease of a Sunday morning. It wasn't fair, not in the leasting on cloud nine with
Brielle's emotions churned like a tempest inside her, and it took all her willpower to stay anchored in reality.
She wanted to retract her hand, but it was impossible. His touch was feather-light, barely there. Yet to her, it felt as heavy as a lead weight.
Logic and romance tugged at her in a fierce tug-of-war. At last, she tilted her head slightly towards Max, her voice softening.
"Uncle Max, I didn't mean to."
Her plan had been simple: visit the Hartley Group to soak in the atmosphere. But then Dustin happened. Dustin, the man who played by no rules, had led to this very moment.
Max turned to glance at her, and something about the tenderness in her eyes, soft as a pool of still water, struck a chord in him. Indeed, Dustin had hit the nail on the head; when she looked vulnerable, it was truly endearing.
The frustration in his chest dissipated unbidden.
"I'm not blaming you."
Brielle exhaled in relief, then pushed her luck a bit further. "I wanted to call you, Uncle Max, but I didn't have your number-or your assistant's."
She apologized first, then slyly shifted the onus onto Max. He saw through her little ploy, feeling a curious emotion bubble up inside.
Before he could respond, Dustin turned Brielle to face him. "What are you two whispering about?"
His voice carried a note of displeasure, his frown deepening at the sight of their hands together. Years of socializing had honed his ability to sense the subtleties of such interactions, and he felt distinctly uncomfortable.
"So, Mr. Dorsey's kink is pretty special. Addicted to role-playing?"
Brielle's lips pursed. If it weren't for Dustin's interruption, she was sure Max would've given her his private number by now.
Feeling a touch vexed, she couldn't resist a retort. "Mr. Lynch, if you fancy it, you can call him Uncle Max, too."
Dustin's perfect fa?ade nearly cracked, but Max had to add fuel to the fire. "I would mind that."
1/7/2
They were in cahoots.
Dustin took a few deep breaths to keep from erupting in anger. He straightened up and noticed the seats behind them filling up, which prompted him to warn Brielle.
"Some media outlets have been invited to live-stream the auction." His implication was clear-if she didn't want her connection to Max exposed, she'd better keep a low profile.
Brielle understood his hint and murmured a thanks. Standing beside men like Max or Dustin meant passing public scrutiny. A misstep could spell trouble. And her relationship with Max was definitely not one for the spotlight.
She straightened up and shifted her focus to the stage.
Three hosts had taken their places, and the consultants in the commission seats were busy on their phones, relaying the events unfolding here.
As the first item was unveiled, a cascade of bids erupted, each outdoing the last.
Brielle had once had the privilege of attending a local auction with her professors from Beaconsfield College, but she had never witnessed one of this magnitude. Nearly every face here was a fixture in financial newspapers. There were even a few familiar faces, individuals who had been invited to participate in the graduation speeches at Beaconsfield College in the past.
Brielle herself had no means to participate in such auctions. Her gaze drifted to a nearby seat.
The president of the Hartley Group, a man with blond hair and blue eyes, was seated there. He sat with his arms crossed, noticing her gaze and meeting it with a nod-a basic courtesy.
Brielle returned the gesture, acknowledging the greeting while her mind replayed the news about the Hartley Group.
Dorsey International's collaboration with them likely meant selling off the unmanned supermarket venture.
In her opinion, Hartley Group should be willing to cooperate with Dorsey International, but after all, she did not understand the business strategy of this president. Therefore, the specific negotiation still depended on the evening party after the auction ends.
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61
The auction room was abuzz with anticipation as the eighth lot was announced-a Rolex Daytona, the kind of timepiece that screamed extravagance and didn't just show up at any old auction. The auctioneer called for the opening bid, and a peal of laughter filled the room when a young woman with a clear voice cheekily offered up five million dollars. It was a joke, and everyone knew it. Brielle chuckled along, but her amusement was short-lived as Andrew coolly dropped a bid of twenty million dollars. She turned to see him, his expression dead serious, the look of a man on a mission. She felt a twinge in her chest, not for herself, but for her friend Aubree. She knew that this grand gesture wasn't meant for Aubree. Sure, Andrew was generous with her, but the gifts he gave her, though expensive, were never this extravagant-certainly not the kind of thing that would have him jet-setting across the world to bid in public.
As her hand curled into a fist at her side, she listened to the bids rise and fall. Andrew stood his ground, calm and collected with each increase. And in the end, the watch was his for a staggering fifty-five million dollars.
Brielle's expression soured, and Dustin, sensing her mood, leaned in close to whisper, "Fancy it, huh?"
He even entertained the thought that if she wanted it, he might step into the bidding ring
himself.
She shook her head, her voice a soft sigh. "It's just not fair to my friend."
Dustin moved in even closer, their hair almost mingling as he murmured, "Your friend's got a thing for him?"
"Sort of."
Squinting at Brielle, Dustin took a moment to study her face. "Your friend likes Andrew, and you like Max-birds of a feather, you two."
Brielle tensed, hoping Max hadn't overheard. "Mr. Lynch, don't be absurd. I do not."
Dustin chuckled, "I kinda hope you don't. Max is notoriously tough to handle."
He leaned in again, seeming to enjoy their hushed exchange. "Back in his Harvard days, some girl slipped him and herself a love potion."
In the midst of the grand auction, they were both engrossed in the gossip. Brielle gasped, unable to resist asking, "Then what?"
"Well, she locked herself and Max in a room for a whole day and night. When the cops
1/2
13:22
Chapter 61
finally broke in, guess what?"
Brielle's heart raced despite herself.
As she looked hooked on every word, Dustin indulged her curiosity. "The girl was out cold, tied to a chair, face flushed red. And Max? His arms were covered in blood. He'd cut himself to stay awake."
Brielle bit her lip, impressed by Max's endurance. Then, she remembered how she slept with Max using one drink. She was instantly feeling guilty.
"Must've been a weak potion," she mused.
Dustin gave her a knowing look. "That stuff was banned across North America because it worked too well. No man could resist that. After the whole scandal, a lot of folks thought there was something wrong with him."
Blushing, Brielle thought of Max's fierce resolve. He was more than capable.
"Mr. Lynch," she whispered, eager for more juicy tidbits, completely forgetting the decorum of the occasion.
A firm tug on her wrist snapped her back to reality. Max's voice was icy as he pulled her in. "You two practically head-to-head. What are you, becoming blood brothers?"
Dustin had more gossip to share, but as Brielle was whisked away, his brow furrowed in frustration. "Max, you do your thing, I do mine. Why can't we keep to our own lanes?" Their gazes clashed in the air.
Max cracked a smile. "Because it seems you're playing with what's mine."
Dustin was left speechless by the rebuke, while Brielle, flushed and flustered, lowered her head and straightened up, her thoughts scattering like leaves in the wind.
13:21
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62
Brielle was lost in a daze, barely registering the events unfolding around her, including the fact that Max had secured the Eternal Whispers painting for a cool four hundred million, something she belatedly realized.
Eternal Whispers was the showstopper of the evening, but the auction organizers had one more trick up their sleeve - a mysterious item that wasn't listed in the catalog and was only to be revealed live at the event.
This secrecy was the reason there was such a buzz of consultants at the bidder's tables, all eager to catch a glimpse of the hidden gem, which could be anything from a piece of royal regalia that might have graced the brow of an ancient monarch to a lost
masterpiece by a revered artist.
The trio of auctioneers, normally loquacious, held their tongues for a moment, their voices trembling with excitement.
It all seemed irrelevant to Brielle until the crowd erupted into a clamor, snapping her out of her reverie. She looked up just in time to see the final lot revealed - none other than Leonardo da Vinci's Salvator Mundi.
The noise level in the room skyrocketed as advisors at the bidder's tables frantically relayed the developments to their employers.
The painting, which most believed belonged in the hallowed halls of the Louvre, was now up for grabs at the auction.
Brielle was taken aback, and then she heard Dustin placing his bid.
The bidding was frenzied, each offer outdoing the last, and the atmosphere reached a fever pitch with the final lot.
Max and Andrew, having won their desired lots, bowed out of the bidding war, but Dustin was persistent, raising his bid four times, his usually nonchalant demeanor replaced with steely determination. Brielle thought of Dustin's long-lost sister, wondering if he was bidding on this masterpiece as a consolation gift for his mother, given the painting's evocative name.
After eight rounds of intense bidding, Dustin emerged victorious, claiming the da Vinci for a staggering nine hundred million dollars.
As the gavel fell, the lights brightened, and waiters began directing the assembly to the adjacent hall for the gala dinner - the true highlight of the evening.
Brielle followed the crowd into the banquet hall, where the aroma of fine wine filled the air and familiar faces mingled in conversation.
Her gaze landed on Mr. Hartley. She couldn't afford to return from her first business trip
1/3
13:21
with nothing to show for it.
Max was escorted backstage by a waiter to complete the necessary paperwork for his purchase, leaving Brielle momentarily alone.
There were no acquaintances around Brielle, so she stood in an inconspicuous spot, thinking about how to start a conversation with the president of the Hartley Group. What she didn't expect was that a young guy not far away was broadcasting live on their phone. Her face appeared on the live broadcast screen, and although it only flashed for a moment, it was enough to attract attention.
The young man, a delegate representing his employer at the dinner, was likely attending such a posh event for the first and only time, hence his early announcement of the live broadcast, promising viewers an immersive experience of the exclusive auction.
While media coverage was restricted to the auction itself, the post-auction dinner was off-limits to the press. However, no one ed to guests sharing their experience via live stream. The audience following the stream were primarily finance professionals, all curious to peek behind the curtain at the high-powered networking taking place.
The boy was broadcasting live while softly introducing.
"The man over there is the president of Hatfield Inc. It seems like he hasn't bid on anything
this time."
"The blonde-haired and blue-eyed one is the president of Hartley Group. I heard that a will be making some new moves, and tonight we'll see who he meets."
"By the way, you must be curious about the young son of Infinity Brilliance. He bid on the last auction item for nine hundred million dollars. He's now backstage filling out paperwork, and he'll probably be here soon. In the North American circle, his face is heavenly."
As expected, when Dustin was mentioned, the number of people in the live broadcast room instantly increased. His face is indeed very handsome, and he's very wealthy. Ordinary people would not have a chance to see such a person, and they all wanted to see what he would look like at the banquet.
The boy swiveled his camera again, continuing to introduce, but what he didn't know was that Brielle's face flashed into the camera frame again.
Questions began to pop up on the live feed.
"Was that Brielle just now? Can't be, her family isn't that wealthy, right?"
"Brielle? The top finance grad? I remember some forum gossip about her family being poor."
"Isn't she engaged to the Dorsey family? What's she doing here?"
"Who knows? It was all anonymous tips back then, caused quite the stir, but Brielle never
2/3
13:21
confirmed anything."
"Hey man, can you pan the camera around? Let's see if that's really Brielle."
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63
The young man paused and slowly adjusted his camera lens. The camera settled on Brielle's face, and the chat erupted once again.
"Yep, that's Brielle. Man, you gotta ask her what she's doing at the gala."
"Could she have been, you know, taken under the wing by someone influential? There were always whispers about her being a bit of a wild card."
"I've always been curious, where do all these rumors come from? I was in class with Brielle, and she always kept to herself."
"Must be someone close to her spreading the gossip. I remember some forum posts about her supposedly being harsh to her sister, or was it a foster child? Anyway, she's crafty."
The
young man frowned slightly at the relentless stream of comments.
Anyone who graduated from Beaconsfield College in the last couple of years would recognize Brielle, but Brielle was so discreet, turning down all extracurriculars, that her classmates hardly ever saw her.
Her looks were too striking, voted the belle of the campus on her first day, but soon after she vanished, only to be seen occasionally in lectures.
The rumors about her grew wilder, with photos of her in luxury cars surfacing and forum insiders spilling an abundance of details, making it hard for people to warm up to her.
"Looks like the CEO of Hartley Group is chatting with Brielle? What could they be talking
about?"
"Man, scoot a bit closer, see if there's some shady deal going down."
The young man had no choice but to inch closer discreetly.
Brielle was indeed standing with the CEO of Hartley Group, Flynn, who had approached her first. He was the epitome of a gentleman, first confirming if she was Max's plus-one. Upon her affirmative, he showered her with compliments.
Brielle, recalling Dustin's earlier reveal, figured everyone knew about Max's rumored indifference to romantic pursuits, which explained Flynn's curiosity about her.
Their conversation flowed from the final lot, Salvator Mundi, to the works of
Jacques-Louis David.
Brielle could tell Flynn was a romantic at heart. He believed in the nobility of failure over success, viewing victory often as a counterfeit or vulgar.
Brielle lowered her gaze, instantly finding a way in, as his romanticism had a
philosophical edge.
1/2
13:21
"Philosophy can merge with the business framework. Take Taleb's books, for instance. They discuss an idea called 'optionality."
She cleverly shifted from personal interests to business, toasting Flynn with a smile. "It's about having options, based on three principles."
Flynn looked at her approvingly, his eyes soft, "You mean like the Black Swan?"
Brielle nodded, "The Hartley Group has cleverly applied these rules. You're a visionary
leader."
Flynn smiled, casually sipping his wine, "I'm pleased. You must've seen my graduation speech when I was seventeen.
He had spoken then about the potential impact of a Black Swan on his corporation; a theory that, when broken down into simple language, raises the question-
Who could possibly take down Hartley Group? It was unpredictable.
The investments a company made could have honlinear returns.
The company should create more options, that is, taking controlled risks for Black Swan-level innovations.
And Brielle had just alluded to optionality and the Black Swan. She was smart, knowing how to whet his appetite.
"Ms. Brielle, representing Dorsey International, you're here for the autonomous store systems, aren't you?"
"Yes, I believe your collaboration with Dorsey International will bring about favorable
Black Swans."
They both understood that a Black Swan represented the unforeseeable.
"Mr. Flynn, to wager a controlled cost for a limitless return has always been the essence of Hartley Group. Dorsey International offers a comprehensive retail technology package. All you need is to open it up to third-party platforms. In the future, department stores, bars, restaurants, and more might adopt this core self-service system, and Hartley Group's impeccable business model could forge a moat that no competitor could cross."
It was the first time Flynn had met a woman so knowledgeable about a partner's business. In the financial world, women often stood in men's shadows, but Brielle was different, a cut above as Max's companion.
Without hesitation, Flynn raised his glass, "Ms. Brielle, you're quite captivating. I'm looking forward to our partnership."
2/2
###Chapter 64
0
Chapter 64
As the live stream unfolded, the viewers were struck dumb.
What had they just heard? Black swan events, automated stores, optionality?
Was Brielle actually negotiating a deal with the CEO? And it wasn't some shady, under-the-table deal either.
The screen fell eerily silent for a few seconds before someone cautiously offered their thoughts.
"She's top of her class, so she should be doing alright after graduation, right? That's probably why she's at this kind of fancy dinner."
"Is it just me, or did she get even prettier? That dress looks amazing on her."
"I'm jealous. How can someone be so confident chatting with Mr. Hartley? And the CEO seems to really value her opinions."
"Some folks in their twenties are discussing partnerships with industry tycoons, while others hide behind screens, spreading baseless rumors."
The boy streaming the event saw Brielle about to turn around, quickly stashed his phone behind his back, and pretended to be just passing by. When Brielle and Flynn were discussing the logical relationships between things, she finally caught sight of Max.
Max was gracefully engaging with the people around him while making his way over. He always seemed to carry himself with such elegance, no matter the setting. Though a businessman, he had the serenity of a mountain spring - calm, grand, and gentle.
At only twenty-six, Max was a standout figure, both domestically and in North America.
Brielle sipped her drink, feigning composure while keeping an eye on him.
"Ms. Brielle, those who fall for Max are surely followers of Convulsionism, don't you think?" Flynn asked.
Convulsionists were fervent believers from the early 18th century who held that certain ive, unchanging, and eternal truths existed in the world. It was about nostalgia, fantasy, intoxicating dreams, sweet melancholy mixed with bitter sorrow, loneliness, the agony of exile, the sensation of being cut off.
Flynn's description of women who fell for Max suggested he saw him as a figure perched high above the clouds.
"Mr. Harper, I can't give you a straight answer about him. Perhaps, in my eyes, he embodies both unity and diversity."
1/2
13:21
Chapter 64
No sooner had she spoken than Max arrived at Flynn's side. The conversation between the two men turned to matters of campus life. Brielle stood quietly, occasionally looking up to smile.
When Flynn mentioned the automated store, Max realized Brielle had completed her task.
Flynn made no secret of his admiration and even shared a cordial toast with Max, "You have a perfect companion for the evening."
Max smiled, and it was clear the two men had a close relationship, even discussing a girl Flynn had a crush on back in the day.
Behind Brielle, the boy who was still broadcasting finally mustered the courage to approach her. "Brielle?" he called out softly, his voice tinged with uncertainty.
The chat had erupted again, with several viewers blatantly slinging mud at Brielle. The online crowd clamored chaotically, many urging him to probe Brielle for the truth.
Brielle turned around to face a young, unfamiliar face.
Simon reached out gently, "We went to the same school. Nice to meet you."
Brielle shook his hand politely.
Simon didn't know how to broach the topic, regretting his impulsive greeting. Finally, he closed his eyes and blurted out, "You might want to check out the Beaconsfield College forum when you get a chance. Someone's been spreading nasty rumors about you there." Brielle paused, taken aback. She had never paid much attention to external opinions, and as for forums or social media, she had even less time to browse. These places were often where news spread the fastest.
"Thanks, I'll have a look," she said.
Simon nodded, catching the attention of Max and Flynn, who now looked his way, making him feel a sudden rush of nervousness. These two were familiar faces from the financial
newspapers.
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65
He quickly tucked his phone behind his back, feeling a cold sweat trickle down his spine. "Well, I won't bother you any longer. With those words, Simon hastily made his exit, sliding into an inconspicuous spot before lifting his phone before his face again.
The chat was still a hot mess, with an overwhelming number of people bashing Brielle. It was as if a mob had suddenly stormed in with a vendetta-and for no apparent reason, since Brielle wasn't even a celebrity.
On the other side of the screen, Lillian was glued to the live broadcast on her phone, her fingers deftly dialing another number. She couldn't afford to let Brielle's reputation flip Over the years, Lillian had nurtured a relationship with a professional online brigade Whether it was the forums at Beaconsfield College, Dorsey International, or elsewhere, she had her minions entrenched, constantly churning out negative press about Brielle
The strategy had proven effective.
There's truth in the old saying: "A lie told often enough becomes the truth." When all the chatter about someone was negative, people started to take it as gospel.
Green with envy, Lillian stared at her phone screen, puzzled as to how Brielle had the gall to show up at such a high-profile event. Even Spencer hadn't snagged an invite. What gave Brielle the right? Mad with jealousy, she kept funneling money to her online army, urging them to amplify the slander against Brielle. As expected, the negative comments multiplied, quickly drowning out any positive ones. Soon enough, the comment section turned into a digital witch-hunt aimed at Brielle.
Lillian finally breathed a sigh of relief when she saw no one was left defending Brielle. then shot a message to Emily.
[Hey Em, have you been overseas lately?]
[Nope, what's up?]
[Someone from the Hatfield clan must have attended the auction. I spotted Brielle there and it's bugging me. I asked Spencer, and he didn't receive an invite either. It's all very odd, so I thought I'd check with you]
Emily quickly pulled up the news. The auction had been live-streamed by international media, but by now, it had wrapped up.
Brielle at the auction? Impossible!
Thinking of Brielle's notorious personal life, Emily's face twisted in disgust. There were plenty of North American playboys who knew how to party, and she must have caught someone's eye, that shameless thing.
Lillian felt a twinge of unease reading Emily's message. Simon's live broadcast had been brief, but Max had made an appearance. Considering Brielle's recent promotion, could it be that she had traveled overseas with Max?
Jealousy nearly consumed her at the thought of Brielle being in the same room as Max. The thought was like a wildfire, burning through her composure. Her chest heaved with a mix of anger and exasperation as she mulled over the nature of Max and Brielle's relationship.
Max admiring Brielle? As if! Brielle was a bookworm had a pretty face but no clue how to use it, so dull and stiff. Even Spencer wouldn't give the time of day to such a woman-Max certainly wouldn't be impressed.
She took several deep breaths, too worked up to even think about food. Adjusting her neckline to reveal just a bit more, she stormed out of her apartment and headed downstairs.
Tonight, she was visiting the Haywood residence. Cameron had come home when he heard she was stopping by. At this moment, there were only the two of them in the hall. Miranda and Robert had been scolded by Faith, and they came over to apologize.
The engagement between their families had been a decade-long affair, with their businesses intertwined at every level.
If the engagement were to be broken off, and Ryan took all his clients with him, the Haywood family would find themselves in a very awkward position.
Lillian couldn't care less about that. As long as she could land Spencer, she'd be stepping through the doors of the Dorsey family.
Brielle, that lousy woman, belonged in the gutter.
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66
The Haywood residence was a beacon of light in the quiet of Beaconsfield, with Cameron lounging on the plush sofa, poring over some documents. He sensed Lillian's descent down the grand staircase and set the paperwork aside.
With her lips pursed, Lillian rubbed her eyes, the embodiment of distress.
"Cameron, has the mess been sorted out yet?" she asked tentatively. She was referring to the scandal where Faith had boldly called off her engagement, a move that had left the Haywoods red-faced with embarrassment.
But what could be done? The Haywoods, though a respectable name in the top ten of Beaconsfield's elite, owed much of their social standing to the favor of the Dorseys. Without the Dorsey influence, the Haywoods were merely wealthy, nothing more.
Lillian perched carefully on the edge of the sofa, her eyes brimming with unshed tears. "Bri was probably just spouting nonsense the other day. If Faith really does call off the engagement, will the Haywoods..." Cameron's gaze drifted to the expanse of skin on her neck, feeling a sudden dryness in his throat. He averted his eyes and adjusted her collar for her. "Don't worry about it. Even if the engagement is off, the Haywoods won't crumble," he reassured her.
"Cameron, did you keep up with today's auction?" Lillian inquired, switching topics.
He nodded. He'd heard about it, but such events were beyond the Haywoods' social reach. "Bri was there, but I don't know who she went with. I'm always concerned she might fall in with the wrong crowd," Lillian confessed.
Cameron's brow furrowed at the mention of Brielle. "She's the one who's been acting irresponsibly!"
"Cameron, don't get mad. Maybe I'm misjudging her. Why don't you talk to her when she gets back? Bri is still upset with me. I'm too afraid to call her."
"Lillian, the Haywoods regard you as their own daughter. You're no less than her. You don't have to belittle yourself like this."
She leaned back into the sofa, an action that once again exposed her collar. Lillian was nurtured by the Haywoods into a woman of fine complexion. While her features were merely pleasant, her vulnerable charm could soften any man's heart.
Cameron, already fond of her, couldn't resist pulling her into his embrace upon witnessing such vulnerability.
Lillian struggled feebly in his arms, "Cameron, let me go. I can't give you a definite answer just yet. This isn't right," she whispered, her voice soft and deliberately coy.
1/2
Chapter 66
Cameron's breath deepened, and he pinned her gently to the sofa. "Lillian, I'll wait as long as it takes for you."
Tears began anew, as if she bore the weight of the world's sorrow. Her tear-streaked face softened Cameron's intentions, and he gently lifted her up, comforting her with his closeness. Lillian sniffled, "I'm still worried about Bri. She won't see me now. If you can, please talk to her."
Mentioning Brielle scattered Cameron's good mood. Because of her, the Haywoods were unjustly embroiled in a mess. Now their parents were groveling to Faith, and who knew what they were enduring. However, he couldn't deny Lillian's request, and he agreed despite the bitter taste in his mouth.
Lillian had achieved her aim but remained uneasy. She didn't know how Brielle managed to attend the dinner. If Max had taken her, Lillian was determined to ruin Brielle in Max's eyes. She had manipulated Spencer and Cameron, and she was confident she could do the same with Max.
And if Max became enamored with her... The mere thought made Lillian weak at the knees.
Meanwhile, across the globe, a gala had just concluded.
The media, camped at the entrance, were eager to capture the crème de la crème of society. Only a few young executives were willing to face the cameras; the rest departed discreetly. Even so, the media would speculate wildly about the departing guests, ensuring headlines across North America the next day.
Brielle entered Max's car, but the atmosphere was cold as ice, seemingly crushing her with its weight. That frosty air emanated from Andrew, who regarded her with icy scrutiny. Brielle instinctively moved closer to Max, a cold sweat breaking out on her back. Andrew sneered, stretching out his legs and crossing them with the lazy menace of a panther. "First Dustin, now Flynn. Brielle, your ambitions are quite lofty, aren't they?"
Andrew had returned to the hall after finishing some paperwork, only to witness Brielle and Harper chatting amiably.
Brielle frowned, realizing Andrew always harbored hostility towards her. Resigned to this, she boldly reached for Max's slender fingers and caressed the palm of his hand. Andrew's face darkened, his eyes narrowing.
A wave of relief washed through Brielle as she straightened her fingers and slipped them through Max's, a tingling sensation spreading through their intertwined hands.
212
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67
Max lowered his head towards the laptop, his fingers tapping rhythmically on the keys. Even in the confines of a luxury car, he was still engaged in a video conference with the executives back home. Noticing Brielle's movement, his Adam's apple bobbed as he whispered, "Quiet down, will you?”
He had already muted the microphone on his end. He could hear the corporate bigwigs' reports, but they couldn't catch a peep from his side.
Brielle's heart felt like it had been struck by something, regretting her impulsiveness. She tried to stealthily withdraw her hand, but he caught it and pressed it against the leather
seat.
There was warmth on one side, coolness on the other this extreme intimacy brewing in the dim light. Her remaining rationale was nearly exhausted.
Worried that her own heartbeat would betray her, she quickly propped her head up with one hand and pretended to gaze out the window. The fleeting lights cast alternating shadows on her face. Andrew, watching the scene unfold, was incredibly peeved, his brow furrowing enough to crush a fly. After a moment, his face contorted indescribably, "Brielle, have you no shame?"
Interrupting Max's video meeting with her antics, it was clear how slutty she could be in
private.
"If I cared about shame, I probably wouldn't have ended up with Uncle Max."
Andrew found himself at a loss for words for the first time, his face cycling through various shades before he finally pulled back, deciding to drop it.
After all, Max hadn't said a word, clearly indulging her.
Andrew sulked for a while before feeling unbearably stifled. "Max, how about we hit up The Sky Lounge tonight?"
The gala had attracted a who's who of the wealthy, and surely many would be heading to The Sky Lounge afterwards.
Compared to Tequila Sunset, The Sky Lounge was an even more exclusive spot. Perched at the very top of the skyscraper, surrounded by floor-to-ceiling windows, one could look down and trample the city's glitz underfoot. If it were a snowy winter's night, the view was even more breathtaking. The ethereal beauty of the snowflakes melding with the city's golden opulence was a dreamlike vista few could ever hope to touch.
Dustin's infamy in the North American elite circles stemmed from the thrill-seeking month
1/2
15.30
Chapter 67
he booked The Sky Lounge for, night after night. In a media interview, he mentioned the thrill of pressing a woman against the glass, conquering not just her, but the city itself. Thanks to his antics, The Sky Lounge's profits doubled that year. It was only later revealed that The Sky Lounge was, in fact, one of Dustin's many private assets.
"Not tonight, I've got another meeting later," Max replied nonchalantly, as if the glitz and glamour couldn't catch his eye.
Brielle adored this dismissive air of his the more austere and aloof he was, the more she longed to see him in disarray, with reddened eyes and fierce determination.
Eventually, Andrew went off to The Sky Lounge alone, while Brielle accompanied Max back to the estate.
Max was indeed busy. After Brielle had taken her bath, she could hear him downstairs instructing Patrick to book flights.
"Mr. Dorsey, Mr. Hatfield wishes to meet. They've booked a room at The Sky Lounge."
Max frowned, closing the folder in his hand, "Tell the core team to handle negotiations with Flynn. We fly back home first thing tomorrow. Push back the Hatfield Inc. matters, and tell group three to resume the meeting in twenty minutes."
He removed his Bluetooth earpiece and rubbed his temples with slender fingers. "By the way, tell the old man that the bidding was successful to put his mind at ease."
Patrick meticulously organized the itinerary on his planner and added, "Ms. Alivia heard you're abroad and would like to see you tomorrow morning, said she has something to deliver personally."
"I won't have time for that."
"Mr. Lynch just sent a message, asking if Ms. Lucinda would drop by The Sky Lounge, he's set up a betting pool. Uh, I'm not sure if he got the wrong person. We don't have a Ms. Lucinda here." Patrick hesitated slightly at the mention of Ms. Lucinda.
A shadow deepened in Max's eyes as he idly twirled a pen, "Tell him Ms. Lucinda was let go by Dorsey International."
212
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68
Patrick didn't join the inner circle at the auction, unaware of the reasons behind the scenes. He thought Dustin was on the prowl for a Dorsey International employee, so when he heard Max's message, he didn't hesitate to shoot back a reply.
Dustin was sipping a glass of red wine when he received the message.
The casino tables around him were crowded, filled with the scent of perfume and the clinking of glasses, as the banquet had spilled over into this space. The city's nightscape stretched out beyond the huge floor-to-ceiling windows.
Several women stood not too far away, gazing dreamily in his direction, but Dustin paid them no mind, his attention fixed on the message from Patrick.
He, a man who flirted his way through social circles, and Max, the untouchable elite, were worlds apart. After the scandal involving Max broke out, Dustin had always found the man to be a bit pretentious.
In the high-stakes financial world, men forever dominated the scene. Many daughters from venerable families were raised as prey from the start. They were unlike ordinary girls, boasting top-notch educations and glittering backgrounds, but in their parents' eyes, they were still just prey, and the elite men at the center of this circle were the hunters.
It was a grand seduction, prettily termed as 'strategic alliances' by the outside world.
To Dustin, Max's disinterest in women was exceedingly odd.
Dustin, propping his cheek with one hand, scoffed and wrapped an arm around a bunny girl next to him, exchanging a few playful words before dropping the subject. He figured it'd be the same when he met that woman in Australia.
Meanwhile, Max's meeting dragged on until three in the morning. Loosening his tie as he headed upstairs, he was greeted by a faint scent upon flicking on the room lights.
Was that scented candles?
A slight bulge on the bed indicated a presence, and a woman's dark hair spread across the pillow, making her skin look exceptionally enticing.
She must have found the light too harsh, for her eyelashes fluttered, and she turned over. The silk comforter slipped slightly, revealing shoulders as delicate as a crescent moon.
Max stood by the door, dimming the overhead lights and leaving only the bedside lamp on. He hadn't expected her to be asleep in his room, let alone that she had lit scented candles.
He shed his suit jacket and took a shower. Coming out, he found her awake, slightly dazed, clutching the comforter and looking up at him with a faint gaze. Her hair was a tousled halo in the soft light.
1/2
15:30
Chapter 68
Max's breath hitched, and he strode over, capturing her lips with his own.
Brielle thought she was dreaming again, one of those sensual, paralyzing dreams.
Their breaths mingled in the rising heat. By the end, she almost wanted to plead for mercy, but her mouth was sealed by his.
Sweat dampened the hair at her forehead, her eyes misty. Max looked down at her, gently tucking a strand of hair behind her ear, "Tired?"
His voice was rich and mellow, like snow in a volcano, gently melting away.
Brielle lifted her eyelids lazily and hummed in response. It was a purr, cat-like, scratching at Max's heart with an inexplicable itch. He frowned slightly, baffled by his own emotions. The result was that Brielle had no strength the next morning and slept the entire flight.
Beaconsfield was entering autumn, and she wrapped her neck with a silk scarf to cover any marks.
Max was fond of her body. He didn't say it, but Brielle felt it. He was also particularly fond of her lips, especially her Cupid's bow.
Standing in front of the airport restroom mirror, Brielle touched her lips.
When they arrived, she told him to go ahead, staying back under the pretext of waiting for Aubree. It was just an excuse, a moment for her to gather her composure.
Max was too sophisticated with his moves, perhaps unintentionally so, but always enough to leave one restless. This wasn't the outcome she wanted.
Brielle took a deep breath and splashed her face with cold water, cooling her flushed
cheeks.
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69
Aubree arrived promptly, driving a sleek Maserati.
Brielle, trying to hide her nervousness, casually adjusted the scarf around her neck and slid into the passenger seat. As she settled in, her spine stiffened uncomfortably, and the temperature she had managed to cool within herself began to rise again.
"Bri, did you hear about the scene Faith made over at the Haywood estate?" Aubree asked, pressing the gas pedal with a bit of frustration.
Brielle sat up straight, trying to expel the thoughts of Max from her mind. "Yeah, I ignored their calls. How did it end up?"
Aubree couldn't suppress a grin. "Your folks paid them a visit to apologize, but you know Faith, she's relentless. She accused you of being a flirt and made a huge fuss about ending the engagement, claiming you cheated on her son. In the end, I think it was Ryan who stepped in."
"Ryan?"
"Mhm, Ryan calmed Faith down. So, the engagement's still on."
Brielle pursed her lips. Ryan had just been let go from Dorsey International, and his reluctance to break off the engagement was likely to avoid catching Michael's attention. Despite announcing his retirement, Michael still held absolute sway over the Dorsey clan. And Brielle didn't want to draw his scrutiny either.
"Bri, if Michael gets involved, I'm worried your situation will become really awkward. He turns a blind eye to the other Dorsey men's escapades, but not with Max, his golden boy. He can't have a blemish on his record, you get me?"
Fooling around with Max in secret was one thing as long as it didn't reach the old man's ears, but having any other designs would be a disaster. If it came to that, no one in the Dorsey family would stand by her side, not even Max.
Brielle understood this all too well, which was why she always kept a tight rein on her emotions. Falling for Max would mean never getting back up again.
She leaned back, intending to close her eyes and rest for a moment when suddenly the car lurched forward. The sudden force startled them both.
"Screech!"
The brakes were slammed, leaving a dark streak on the pavement. Around them, the hustle and bustle continued, while the Maserati's rear was slightly dented.
The car that hit them stopped, and out came Cameron and Lillian. Lillian seemed shaken, clinging to Cameron's arm in the aftermath. Cameron soothed her while flanked by a secretary. He looked up and saw Brielle, a flash of disgust crossing his face. "What kind
15:30
Chapter 69
of driving is this?"
Lillian, standing next to him, appeared surprisingly thrilled but restrained herself as if worried about provoking Brielle's disdain.
Brielle felt like this was a stroke of bad luck, getting rear-ended by them of all people. "The car's Aubree's, and you're fully responsible for the fender bender. Just deal with the insurance company directly." Cameron didn't want to engage with her, but her aloof demeanor irked him. "Do you have any idea how much trouble you've caused the family?"
Lillian gently tugged at his sleeve, whispering, "Cameron, don't be mad. Bri probably hasn't gotten the message yet. She was abroad, you know, with the time difference."
Her words only reminded Cameron of Brielle's deliberate non-responsiveness. Countless unanswered calls and texts fueled his irritation. "There's a family meeting tonight. Mom and Dad want to talk to you. Stop being so headstrong."
By now, Aubree had hung up with the insurance company and was irate at seeing Cameron babying Lillian. "Cameron, who's your real sister here? Did you see at the million-dollar bracelet you bought Lillian? Your family has no shame, treating Bri like a pawn in a marriage deal. Spencer and Lillian have been fucking each other like crazy, and you still treat her like a treasure."
Cameron's face turned stormy, his gaze as chilling as a crypt. "Aubree, I've known Lillian
for
years, and I know what kind of person she is. As for the little affair between you and Andrew, don't think no one knows about it."
Aubree's expression faltered, confused about how he knew.
Lillian's eyes sparkled maliciously upon hearing this. Aubree and Andrew? Weren't they siblings?
Concerned that Lillian might stir up trouble, Brielle quickly interrupted. "Please tell mom and dad I'm swamped with work and can't make it."
"Grandpa said he wants to see you. You wouldn't want to disturb his peace in his twilight years over your issues, would you?"
Brielle felt a sharp pain in her chest, freezing on the spot, unable to respond.
Aubree was furious. Brielle's grandpa had been diagnosed with dementia two years ago, and aside from Brielle's regular visits to the nursing home, the rest of the Haywood family barely paid any attention. Now they were using an old man to manipulate Brielle-it was utterly despicable.
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70
Brielle locked eyes with Cameron, her gaze unwavering. "Really, Cameron? You're playing the grandpa card? Did you forget he's your grandpa too? He's been nothing but good to you. Is this how you repay him?"
She had fond memories of her grandpa Julian because, when the Haywood family wanted to formally acknowledge Lillian as their goddaughter, it was her grandpa who stepped in to stop it, believing it was unfair to Brielle.
But Julian had long since relinquished his authority, and with his dementia worsening year by year, he didn't have any inheritance to speak of. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been exiled to a nursing home by the Haywood family.
Cameron's eyes were stormy as he glared at Brielle, his anger and disgust not even slightly concealed. "Do you think I want to bring this up in front of Grandpa? I'm just reminding you, once this whole thing blows up, someone is bound to run their mouth to him. You know how much he cares for you. If he suffers because of you, you'll never live it down."
The weight of that accusation was almost too much for Brielle to bear. She turned her icy gaze to Lillian, who was smugly watching the scene unfold, and her lips curled into a frosty smirk. "So, it's all about that engagement with Spencer, huh? If he's not keen on calling it off, then I won't stir the pot. But I must say, I didn't realize he cared so much about me. Seems like hooking up with him isn't much of a feat. The real skill is in capturing his heart."
Lillian was seething, barely able to maintain her composure. Her hand was entwined with Cameron's, and in a moment of frustration, she squeezed a bit too hard, causing him pain. Cameron turned to her, misconstruing her grip as fear of Brielle. "Lillian?"
Lillian was afraid that a few more barbs from Brielle would make her lose control. She quickly intervened. "Cameron, don't you have a meeting to attend? Don't be late. Bri's an adult. She can figure this out on her own."
Cameron nodded, impressed by her maturity. He looked at Brielle. "I can't tell who's the real Haywood daughter. If you had half of Lillian's sense, Mom and Dad wouldn't be embarrassed by you at their age." Brielle laughed, her eyes dancing with a provocative light. "You should be thankful she isn't really a Haywood. Otherwise, you two dating would be quite the scandal."
Her words struck a nerve with both Cameron and Lillian.
Brielle pulled Aubree into the car, calmly buckling her seatbelt. Aubree glanced in the rearview mirror, itching to reverse and smash the front bumper of that luxury sedan. "Lillian's got game, fuckinh Spencer while keeping your brother on a tight leash. I wonder
1/2
Chapter
if there are others in the circle who have been enchanted by her in the same way."
Brielle closed her eyes, exhausted from a night of being tossed and turned by Max, and now her legs were still weak. This new scare only added to her frustration.
"There might be," she admitted.
Aubree hit the gas. "Doesn't seem too cold today, yet you're all wrapped up in that scarf. You must have had quite the night."
Brielle's cheeks flushed, knowing she couldn't hide it from Aubree.
Aubree pulled up to Brielle's apartment, playfully tugged the scarf down, revealing a patchwork of marks on her delicate neck-shades of pink and rose, testimony to how much a certain man adored her skin. Aubree whistled lowly, muttering an impressed "damn," then cupped her hand like a microphone and held it to Brielle's mouth. "On behalf of all the other ladies, tell me, what's it like to sleep with Max? Is he as good as he looks? Is his voice as sexy in bed?"
Brielle was backed into a corner but Aubree caught her wrist and pulled her back. "Spill it. You have to tell me. Do you know what I think about every time I see Max?"
Brielle shook her head, noting Aubree's curious expression. "I wonder what it's like to kiss those thin lips of his."
212
15:30
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71
Brielle shoved her head away in exasperation, flinging open the car door and stepping out. "That's enough, really."
Aubree handed her scarf back, "I'm just telling it like it is. The guy's so distant, barely talks, and it's hard to imagine him wanting to leave all those marks on
a woman's skin. It's like he's not worried at all about your affair coming to light, you know?"
As Brielle wrapped the scarf around her neck, she pondered the question. Indeed, since she started sleeping with Max, he'd never made any effort to hide their relationship. Was he truly fearless, or just didn't care?
Aubree stepped up to her, a trace of seriousness in her eyes, "Look, fun is fun, but knowingly diving into an abyss? That's not you, Bri. You're not like me. I fell for Andrew, and I can't get back up."
Just mentioning Andrew's name seemed to steal Aubree's breath. "Don't fall for the wrong person."
That was her advice.
Brielle didn't know what to say; she instinctively wanted to dodge the topic. Everyone knew that falling for Max was like a moth to a flame-you could easily get burned to ashes by his allure. And yet, some people seemed to court destruction, flirting with death.
There were countless such moths, so the question was: were the moths too foolish, or was the flame too bright?
They entered the apartment, and Aubree slumped into the sofa like she had no bones.
The ladies of the Beaconsfield social circles had their own little group chats, and now the chatter was all about Andrew's watch purchase.
Everyone thought Andrew bought it for Tessa, as he gave all his true feelings to that person.
Aubree pulled out a cigarette, lit it with a practiced flick of her lighter, and took a deep drag. After blowing a perfect smoke ring, she touched the scar on her neck. It was a three-centimeter-long mark. "You know I told you I got this scar from falling, right?" she said with a chuckle.
Brielle hung up her coat and grabbed a drink from the fridge, "Yeah, wasn't that it?"
"Of course not. It happened when I was eighteen, after I drunkenly confessed to Andrew. I didn't think to much. I figured after all those years he knew me, he must
have loved me. Bad luck that night, I stumbled upon Andrew confessing to Tessa in the Clements family's backyard. He got rejected outright."
Aubree seemed to relive the scene as she took the cigarette from her mouth.
"I never expected to witness that. For all the arrogance Andrew showed every day, he too could be rejected. I feared he was heartbroken, so foolishly, I ran over to him, declaring my love, suggesting we could b my neck like this."
Her voice was calm as she touched the scar. "That night, he still came to my room, and I didn't turn him away. He could hurt me, then just crook his finger, and I'd forgive him. That's love for you- someone's always got to be the fool. But Bri, I don't want that person to be you."
Max was hardly an improvement over Andrew. At least Andrew had a heart, even if it wasn't for her. But Max? Did he even have a heart to give?
He didn't even have genuine feelings, elusive like winter snow. You thought you had caught it, but once the temperature rose, it disappeared without a trace.
###Chapter 72
Chapter 72
Love not only brought bitterness but also pain. It made one lose oneself, become weak, and never be able to harden their heart again. "Crack." Brielle popped open a can tab, placing a Coke in front of her.
Aubree stubbed out her cigarette, unable to resist taking several large gulps, "Besides, the Dorsey family has Michael keeping watch."
Aubree seemed especially concerned that Brielle would lose her head, especially since she'd already taken a fall for Spencer.
But Spencer, what was he anyway? Nothing but a rain puddle, easily filled and forgotten.
Aubree was about to add more when she noticed Brielle had already piled up a bunch of files, seriously
sorting through work documents. Her genuine concern seemed laughably out of place at this sight, but then she thought again and couldn't help but give a thumbs up.
"There you go! That's the spirit. Keep it up. You got an orgasm and you got a promotion to boot. Hell, I'd have taken a few more nights with him myself."
Brielle found it amusing, but the thought of the watch Andrew had snapped up
made her smile fade slightly. She knew how much Aubree was hurting. After pining for Andrew for so many years, her heart must have bruised.
Aubree stood up, casually placing a gift box on the table. "Someone's just finished delivering a gift to their sweetheart and must be feeling lonely. I've got to go." Her tone was indifferent as if it didn't matter at all. "This is my apology gift to you, I shouldn't have kept Andrew's thing from you, and congrats on the promotion, take
it."
Brielle was about to refuse when she caught a look from Aubree.
"After all, if someone's willing to give a multimillion-dollar watch, why would they care about a little cash?" She spoke nonchalantly, but Brielle still detected a deep, hidden self-
loathing. Once Aubree had left, she opened the gift box. It was a practical necklace, perfect for everyday wear. After a moment's thought, she carefully placed the necklace in the drawer. Returning to her compu back on the couch, feeling waves of darkness before her eyes.
Aubree's words were hard to ignore, and she was aware she was losing control. She had to do something to distract herself.
Her mind flashed to the boy she'd seen at the banquet
who had mentioned the Beaconsfield College forum. Brielle took a deep breath and belatedly clicked on the Beaconsfield College forum. Most of the posts were
about her.
Three years after graduation, and four years in college, yet the first posts to defame her dated back seven years. For seven years, the slander about her had never stopped. Brielle didn't have to think hard to know whose handiwork it was. Lillian was an expert at this, leaving herself spotless, the picture of innocence
Brielle felt sick just remembering how she had doted on Lillian like a sister, too afraid of crushing her self-esteem to tell anyone Lillian wasn't really the Haywood family's daughter. Brielle put down the mouse, also recalling how she had been sent to learn Taekwondo because Lillian was so delicate and easily bullied, Miranda had said-Lillian is frail and an easy target, you learn Taekwondo, and you can protect her alongside your brother.
Brielle agreed, feeling responsible for Lillian's future since she had brought her from the orphanage. However,
15:06
Chapter 72
while she was sweating in the dojo, Lillian was smartly climbing into Spencer's bed.
She couldn't afford to dwell on these thoughts; they were too upsetting. At least she had stopped obsessing over Max and was now planning how to deal with Lillian.
To defeat someone, you have to destroy what they cherish most. Lillian cared about money, status, and men. But Brielle cared for none of these. She only wanted her career. Especially after that auction, she yearned to stand at the pinnacle and look down. She and Lillian were not on the same path.
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73
On the other side, Lillian had been restless since she got into the car, fidgeting with the hem of her shirt, looking like she was bursting with something to say.
Cameron couldn't resist her troubled look and gently prodded, "What's wrong?"
With a bitten lip, Lillian voiced her nagging question, "Cameron, what did you mean about Aubree and Andrew?" Curiosity was killing her. If it was really as she thought, then what right did Aubree, the woman wh A sneer flickered in Lillian's eyes as she thought of Aubree - another so-
called debutante who, behind closed doors, was nothing but a slut. Just like Brielle, that shameless woman who'd throw herself at any man.
Her heart blazed with triumph, feeling like she already had them under her heel.
"Cameron, I'm just curious, please tell me?" Her voice softened, her fingers lightly tugging at Cameron's sleeve.
Cameron caved, as expected. "It was something I stumbled upon by chance. I was staying at a hotel on a business trip and happened to see them there."
"But that doesn't necessarily mean they have that kind of relationship, right?" Lillian was a bit let down, hoping for more concrete evidence.
Cameron lifted his hand to stroke her head, thinking she just wanted to hear some juicy gossip. "It's more than that. They booked a single room for the night two adults in their twenties, sharing a room. Does that sound reasonable to you? Andrew isn't short on cash, and Aubree, being a foster daughter with no blood ties to him, shared a room with him. I hardly think their relationship is innocent."
A gleam appeared in Lillian's eyes, her lips curling into a slow smile. But this alone wasn't enough - she needed more damning evidence. She wanted to drag
Brielle's reputation through the mud and get rid of Aubree, who always seemed to cause her trouble.
"Cameron, you should talk to Bri. These kind of friendships can lead one astray easily."
A mocking light flickered in Cameron's eyes. Birds of a feather flock together, no wonder Brielle had become so unruly.
Lillian looked down and sent a message to her usual contacts. [Hire a private investigator to dig into Andrew and Aubree. I suspect an affair, and this could be a big scoop for you. Don't worry. The pay will be generous.]
This team had been in her pocket for years, always eager to please her. So, upon receiving the message, they immediately set two
private detectives on the task. This wasn't nearly enough. To marry into the prestigious Dorsey family, she needed to expedite Spencer breaking off his engagement with Brielle. Or better yet, make Brielle disap Lillian looked up Emily's number and shot her a message. [Hey sweetie, I just heard that Brielle's getting into that auction somehow tied to Max.]
Emily actually didn't hold much status in the Hatfield family, but she was never short of money and was the quintessential na?ve rich girl.
Emily's willingness to go to Dorsey/International stemmed from Lillian's manipulations and her own crush on Max. Even a distant glimpse of him was enough to send her into daydreams. The thought of her leas snag her secret crush was intolerable.
Emily's pupils shrank when she saw the message, and she stood up abruptly from her desk.
Impossible! Brielle was still engaged, and how dare she shamelessly flirt with Max!
Lillian followed up with a video, clipped to mislead. It showed Max talking and laughing with Brielle..
1/2
Chapter 73
Emily took the bait, flooding Lillian with angry messages cursing Brielle.
[I'll get rid of her one day! I had no idea she harbored such intentions!]
[How dare she! I'll tell Alivia about this, but before that, I'll teach Brielle a lesson she won't forget.]
Lillian smirked as she turned off her phone. All she had to do now was wait for Emily to make her move. Indeed, a woman's hatred could be the most terrifying force in the world.
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74
The next morning, Brielle had barely stepped into the department when she felt a glare so intense it could bore holes. She turned and caught sight of Emily, lurking in a corner. Emily's lips were pursed, her hand
Initially, Brielle thought she was imagining things until lunch break, when Patrick sauntered onto her floor, and that feeling of being watched intensified.
"Ms. Brielle," Patrick began, "Dorsey International will be collaborating with Hartley
Group, and Mr. Flynn might drop by in person. He specifically requested to meet with you and hopes you'll join him for the occasion."
Glancing at her planner, Brielle noted her schedule was jam-packed. Without a manager promotion yet, she was bogged down with all the minutiae. "When's the date?"
"In a month's time. Mr. Flynn had a message for you."
"What's the message?"
Surprised, Brielle hadn't expected Flynn to remember someone as minor as her.
"He's intrigued by your three principles of cognition and hopes to discuss certain ethical perspectives with you next time."
A small smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. How should one live their life? Was the pursuit of happiness more justifiable than upholding duty? Was goodness an external trait one can intuitively feel? If it were Flynn, he would probably genuinely engage in such discussions.
"Sure, I'll be there."
Patrick nodded and flipped through his schedule. "The president will be out of Beaconsfield for the next three days. If you need anything, Ms. Brielle, feel free to reach out to me."
That was as good as openly sharing Max's private itinerary. The pen in Brielle's fingers paused, the ink blotting the paper thickly.
"Alright."
Three days. Hearing this, a twinge of disappointment flickered through her. She lowered her gaze and reined in her thoughts.
She worked overtime until 10 pm before leaving Dorsey International. The building was still brightly lit, casting reflections on the giant glass screens amidst the myriad lights of the cityscape.
Suddenly, Brielle felt an overwhelming sense of solitude. In this concrete jungle, even the night lacked warmth.
She tightened her scarf around her neck and sneezed as a cold breeze hit her. Footsteps approached from behind. At this hour, many were still burning the midnight oil.
A chill swept over her, quickly replaced by warmth as a black suit jacket was draped over her shoulders. Startled, she turned to see Max.
He was on a call, gesturing to her while speaking to someone on the other end, then walked out with Patrick in tow. His strides were long, and in no time, he was a dozen meters ahead, his silhouette elongated
Brielle stood in the shadow of that silhouette.
"Stocks represent free cash flow, and the financial metrics are unclear," his voice trailed off into the distance.
Brielle felt rooted to the spot, unable to move.
Motion and stillness, light and shadow, it was all emblematic of their relationship. Max probably never felt
1/2
15.07
Chapter 74
loneliness; he moved through life with effortless grace. Just like now, casually draping a jacket over her shoulders without a second thought. His steps never faltered as he signaled to Patrick to take note of the To him, it was a mere flick of the wrist. To her, it was a breathtaking moment.
Brielle looked down and gently tugged at the fabric of the suit. It was smooth, clearly high quality..
She stood there for ages, until her legs began to tingle, before finally moving.
Nearby, Emily watched through thick-framed glasses, seething at the scene. She couldn't believe Max
would ever drape his jacket over a woman. He was above such mundane affairs. Yet, in that moment, Emily felt as if he had fallen from his pedestal. This realization fueled her jealousy to the brink of madness. Her chest heaved with rage, her teeth clenched so tightly she could taste blood.
Why?
Fuming, Emily made a phone call. She wanted to ruin Brielle's reputation, to make sure Brielle could no longer deceive people with that face. And she wanted Max to know how despicable this woman was at heart.
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75
Brielle slipped out of her office, the sleek
tailored blazer draped over her arm. Her car had inconveniently hit warranty just days ago and was towed to the dealership for the fourth time. Without her usual ride, she was relegated to hailing cabs for her c
She hailed a cab, and as she bent to get in, she was concerned about the blazer getting dirty. Therefore, she took it off, neatly folded it, and placed it on her lap before entering. As the cab approached her apart The area was a cultural mishmash, a stark contrast to the polished corporate world she navigated daily. Public housing units crowded around her building, and the streets were a melting pot of characters.
A group of young men loitered by the entrance, each with a cigarette in hand, enveloping themselves in clouds of smoke. The security booth had long been abandoned, and any guard who might have been on duty would turn a blind eye to the scene unfolding before them.
Brielle frowned, her gaze fixed on the ground as she quickened her pace. But the ringleader of the group flicked his cigarette butt away and sauntered over
with hands buried in his pockets. His cronies followed, their laughter echoing through the night air. Clearly, they'd been waiting here for a while.
"Stop right there," the leader commanded, reaching out to block her path, his other hand clamping around her throat.
The strong scent of tobacco invaded Brielle's nostrils. Instinctively, she stomped on his foot and jerked back.
"Ow!" the man yelped. His patience gone, he grabbed Brielle's head and slammed it against the railing.
Despite Brielle's self-defense training, the disparity in strength between her and the
six men was too great. Her blazer was yanked from her grip, and rough hands shoved her to the ground like discarded trash. Brielle sputtered, struggling to find her footing.
The men whistled and closed in, smirks plastered on their faces. "Didn't ex
taunted.
Brielle edged backward. "You've got the wrong person," she insisted.
a little fight from you," one
The leader, a scar tracing down his cheek, crouched before her and yanked her head back by her hair, scrutinizing her features. "No mistake here, Brielle, right? Someone paid us to teach you a lesson." The stench of his breath was nauseating. Should she scream for help? No, it was late and the streets were deserted. It would only provoke them further.
"How much did they pay you? I'll double it," she offered, her voice steady despite the fear.
The man lit another cigarette, blew smoke in her face, and sneered, "We have principles, Ms. Brielle. Blame your own bad luck for crossing people you shouldn't have."
Retreating further, she felt the sharp pain in her ankle. Her phone, pre-dialed to emergency services, was concealed in her sleeve. The police station was less than two miles away; they could arrive in under ten minutes.
She forced a smile, buying time, "You know, there are many Brielle's out there. Maybe you've got the wrong one?"
The man scoffed, flicking his spent cigarette to the ground. "Enough crap. I've seen your picture. Pretty face, but
you shouldn't have messed with the wrong girl's man. The orders were clear-to ruin your beauty."
He pulled out a switchblade, the glint of malice flashing in his eyes. "Ms. Brielle, the price for that face of yours is quite high."
Brielle backed away, her hands finding dirt. She kept her expression calm as he raised the blade.
1/2
15.07
Chapter 75
In a split-second move, she threw the dirt in his face and kicked off her heels, sprinting away. The man cursed, spitting out dirt, and ordered the others to give chase.
Halfway to safety, her foot was sliced by shattered glass. She fell hard to the pavement, and the men slowed, twirling their knives with sinister intent.
"Keep running, why don't you?" one jeered.
"You're pretty clever, buying time like that," another said. "Too bad no one's coming to save you tonight."
As they spoke, the distant wail of sirens filled the air. Police cruisers appeared on the horizon.
Brielle barely had time to feel relief before the leader stepped forward, tossing the switchblade into the bushes and clamping a hand over her mouth. The others scattered, grabbing the blade before disappearing.
Brielle struggled against her captor's grip as two officers approached.
"Just playing around with my girlfriend," the man lied smoothly as Brielle elbowed him in the chest. He staggered back, feigning surrender as the officers stepped in to shield her. "I'm not his girlfriend. He attacked me," Brielle clarified.
To her astonishment, the man took a phone from his pocket, displaying a gallery of cozy photos with Brielle-embraces, kisses, all manner of intimacy.
Chapter 76
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76
Brielle felt a chill creeping through her bones, her eyes widening in disbelief as she watched the two officers flip through the photos.
The man remained maddeningly unflappable, "She's my girlfriend. Just a little tiff we're having. She's denying me now, but officers, this is just a lovers' spat, isn't it? No need to drag us down to the station, right? His face was all smiles, but his eyes were full of malice. Clearly, he had planned this all along.
Brielle pressed her lips together, knowing all too well how domestic disputes tended to be downplayed by the police when the word "relationship" was mentioned. Her face darkened as her gaze fixed on the suit With a sleazy grin, the man said, "Honey, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have treated you like that tonight. Come on over here, and we'll sort everything out back at home."
The photos he provided were damningly realistic, and even though Brielle knew they were falsified, she couldn't immediately prove it otherwise.
The officers looked a bit shaken, and finally, they sighed. "Why can't you young lovebirds just sit down and talk things out without making a scene and calling us?"
The man, with a roguish sneer, hands in his pockets, replied, "Ah, well, you know how emotional women can get. Sorry to bother you officers, I'll just take her and we'll be on our way."
He made a move to approach, but Brielle stepped back, her gaze sharp. "Officers, there should be a camera at the entrance of the apartment complex."
No sooner had she spoken than one of the officer's phones rang, indicating some directive from the higher-ups. This guy was bold in this part of town because he had someone backing him. The call was from someone with the Hatfield family.
The officers exchanged glances, then waved their hands dismissively, "Alright, no need to make a scene out of a lovers' quarrel."
Brielle knew someone had intervened. The night's events were orchestrated.
But who could she turn to? The Haywood family?
The Haywoods wouldn't stick their necks out for her, and going back to them, hat in hand, would probably just amuse them. She couldn't be left here. With this guy's methods, he might actually disfigure her. Brielle's eyes reddened, but against the backdrop of those photos, any defense she offered would seem like emotional desperation.
She got into the police cruiser first, giving the address for the
Premier Palace. She couldn't go back to her apartment or to the Haywood family, and she couldn't drag Aubree into this mess. Premier Palace seemed to be the only temporary shelter available.
The man didn't expect Brielle to make such a move and furrowed his brow, but ultimately, he didn't dare follow her into the car.
The young officers, thinking Brielle was just unwilling to reconcile with her boyfriend, sighed. "Miss, are you really not planning to talk things out with your boyfriend?"
"It will hurt your relationship. You're both so young. Why can't you discuss this calmly?"
No amount of words from Brielle would help. She stared out the window at the suit in the man's hands, feeling a tightness in her chest. "Just take me to Premier Palace, please."
The officers didn't refuse. Besides, Premier Palace was much more than a mere haunt of the wealthy and powerful.
The police cruiser couldn't enter the premises, stopping about two hundred meters from Premier Palace's gates. Brielle, barefoot and forlorn, stepped out of the car.
The officers watched her retreating figure, shaking their heads. "Young folks these days are just too fragile."
The man had provided too many photos for anyone to believe that someone who had attacked another person. would fabricate such évidence. And with the Hatfield Inc. people vouching, they truly believed it was just a lovers' spat gone wrong.
Brielle walked barefoot for a while, feeling the cold sting on her face. The pain in her feet grew more pronounced until she stopped, gazing at the grand entrance of Premier Palace and let out a self- deprecating laugh.
What good would coming here do?
She limped to a bench at the roadside, pulling out the shards of glass embedded in her foot. Blood gushed forth, and the sharp pain drove back her tears.
She took out her phone again. "Officer, my name is Brielle. Someone has stolen corporate secrets from Dorsey International, and I'd like to report it. Yes, it's him. The suit
he's holding belongs to the CEO of Dorsey International, and there's a tiny USB drive inside with Dorsey's confidential files. Please take this matter seriously."
Everyone in Beaconsfield knew about Dorsey International. Any case involving Dorsey International couldn't be taken lightly.
Half an hour later, Brielle and the man were brought to the police station. The man hadn't expected to end up there. Seeing Brielle, he feigned deep concern. "Sweetheart, I said we could talk about our issues privately. What's this all about now?"
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77
Brielle sat in the chair, her bare feet still bleeding, her toes tensed as if immune to the pain. She didn't look at the man confronting her. "The stolen suit belongs to Max Dorsey, the CEO of Dorsey International. [ him now. And here's my business card."
She handed over a sleek card that confirmed her identity: Director of Mergers and Acquisitions at Dorsey International.
"The USB drive in the suit pocket is related to a massive merger we've been negotiating, valued at over ten billion dollars. The drive is missing. Who's going to answer for Dorsey International's loss?" Her voice was calm, her lashes lowered as if in thought, "This man
has been manipulated. You might want to check the recent transactions in his accounts. Someone's using him to snatch Dorsey International's trade secrets. I don't need to tell you how grave this is, do I?" Dorsey International. Trade secrets. CEO of Dorsey International. Each term was a siren call to urgency. This was no lovers' quarrel to be brushed off.
The man was taken aback, his cavalier demeanor vanishing instantly. "Brielle, what are you implying? When did I rob anyone? And when did I take a USB drive? Stop slinging mud!"
Brielle remained composed, the pain in her soles sharpening her mind. "Are you claiming the suit is yours? It's a high-
end custom piece, each with a unique serial number and owner. If the officer doubts my word, you can verify the brand and trace its origin."
The man panicked. He had only grabbed the suit on a whim, never imagining it held a story.
Brielle's presence was overwhelming, swiftly commanding the situation. "I intend to uncover whoever's behind him, endangering Dorsey International."
A potential billion-dollar trade secret theft could be dubbed the case of the year. Investigators were already tracking the man's financial activities and found an unexplained deposit of a million dollars in his account just hours earlier. The evidence was damning.
The man's palms sweated as he clenched his jaw. Stealing trade secrets, with over ten billion dollars at stake- that kind of accusation could mean a minimum of ten years in prison.
Brielle was out to ruin him and, by the looks of it, take down whoever was behind him as well.
She seemed so harmless, yet how quickly her venomous plan had unfolded!
The police had already escalated the situation to their superiors and had managed to
get in touch with Patrick. Patrick glanced at Max, who was resting his eyes, and spoke softly, "The suit? Yes, it was indeed for Ms. Brielle. The USB drive?"
Confusion flickered in his eyes. He had no idea what might be in the CEO's suit pocket and quickly asked with respect, "Sir, it's a call from the police station." They were en route to a business trip, about to leave Beaconsfield. Max took the phone, his gaze icy. The person on the other end, realizing they were speaking to Max himself, hastily explained the situation, wiping sweat from their forehead.
"Mr. Dorsey, that's the situation. If he's indeed guilty of stealing Dorsey International's trade secrets, the repercussions will be dire. Even with someone to vouch for him, I'm afraid..."
Max's wrist dropped, the black beads around it seemingly radiating a chill. "And her?"
The officer glanced at Brielle, saying cautiously, "Ms. Brielle is still here. It isn't her fault, and we'll recover the USB drive as soon as possible."
He was defending Brielle. Even if the loss wasn't intentional, the drive was still missing. If Dorsey International sought accountability, not only would the thief face jail time, but Brielle herself would surely be implicated.
1/2
15:07
Chapter 77
"Hand her the phone." His tone was indifferent, the cold seemingly traveling through the phone line.
Brielle, head lowered, knew they were speaking with Max himself. The thought of reaching out to him in her moment of helplessness made her smile involuntarily.
She was fortunate not to have gone to him. That foolish yearning was best buried deep, never to see the ligh of day.
Chapter 78
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey would
###Chapter 78
Chapter 78
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey would like a word with you."
The staff member handed over the phone, and Brielle worked hard to keep her composure, but the moment she heard
his voice, her eyes began to sting with the threat of tears. She pushed back that hint of vulnerability, striving not to let her tone betray anything.
"Mr. Dorsey." She called out, then bit her lip hard, the taste of iron filling her mouth.
"A ten-billion-dollar corporate secret?" The man's voice was cool, waiting for her reply.
Brielle wiped the blood from her lip with the back of her hand, managing a smile, "Yes, Mr. Dorsey, no need to worry. I will work with the police to recover the thumb drive."
The so-called business secrets out of thin air only needed Max's admission to become a nailed-down case. However, if he refused to admit, Brielle could be detained on charges of obstructing official duties. Heaven and hell hung on his next words.
Max didn't speak immediately. After a long pause, he asked softly, "Are you hurt?"
Brielle felt a sharp jab in her heart, the burning sensation was unbearable. "Mr. Dorsey, about that thumb drive-"
"Leave it to the cops. I'm sending Brent to pick you up.”
His implication was clear. The thumb drive issue was legitimate. The staff members eavesdropping on the conversation no longer dared to delay, pressing the man about the location of the drive.
The man was already panicking, his mind racing to the caller behind the scene. "I really don't know anything about a thumb drive, I was just paid to disfigure Brielle, that's all."
Compared to attempted grievous bodily harm, the other allegation was significantly more severe. He sat rigid in his chair, his gaze fixed maliciously on Brielle.
The police finally understood that the so-called lovers' tiff was a ruse, and in their fury, they whipped out handcuffs and secured the man in place. "Spill it! Who's behind this?"
Meanwhile, Emily was anxiously awaiting news. Pacing back and forth nervously, she was like a cat on a hot tin roof.
The thought of Brielle's face being ruined sent a thrill of excitement through her. That bitch was so bold as to flirt with Max. This was her just deserts.
Her phone rang, excitement flashing in her eyes as she quickly answered. "How did it go?! Did everything work out?"
But the anxious, tearful voice on the other end took her by surprise. "Emily, did you set me up
on purpose? The police just called me. They said this is suspected to be a theft of Dorsey International's corporate secrets. This was your trap, wasn't it?"
Emily was taken aback, her voice filled with panic, "What's going on? Weren't you supposed to have someone scratch Brielle's face? What corporate secret?"
"How should I know! That's what the police said. Emily, I did this favor for you, got that thug involved, and now he's been caught by the cops. If they trace the money back to me, I'm done for. You better come u this, I'm screwed."
Emily clenched her phone, at a loss for words. She and Sophia were good friends, and Sophia was a Rowland, although her status was just as awkward as hers. The darling of the Rowland family was their frail legitimate, daughter, doted on by everyone, especially with Andrew in her corner, showering her with attention.
"Sophia, try not to panic-"
1/2
15.09
Chapter 78
"How can I not panic! It's not you who they'll trace it back to. If it wasn't
for your vendetta against Brielle, 1 wouldn't have gotten involved. Are you doing this on purpose? Have you been against me all along? We've been trashing Brielle together in the group chats with Lillian, all gung-ho, and when it comes to taking action, you use me as a pawn! Are we even friends?"
Emily didn't expect Sophia to be so blunt, and she was starting to get impatient. She had no clue what was happening. "Sophia, maybe you should talk
to Tessa? Since this involves Dorsey International, if she talks to Andrew, he'll surely speak with Max. They're on good terms, and Max won't hold you accountable out of respect for Andrew." Sophia, seething with anger and frustration, hung up the phone with a click.
###Chapter 79
Chapter 79
She considered Emily a friend, and yet this was how Emily had betrayed her. She couldn't help but shoot a text to Lillian, spilling the beans about the evening's debacle. Lillian replied in no time. [So, how's Brielle holding up now?]
A smirk played on Lillian's lips. She hadn't expected Emily to make her move so soon. She was indeed too impulsive.
Sophia and Lillian were tight, part of the same clique. [Heard she got hurt. I'm livid, Emily that backstabber must've set me
up on purpose. I treated her like a friend, and she pulls this stunt on me. What am I supposed to do if the cops come knocking?]
Sophia was fiery, preferring to play dirty rather than play the na?ve card like Emily. This time, the stakes were high, and she was genuinely freaking out.
[I'll have a word with Bri, try to make her drop it. Hang in there, Sophia. No matter how much she gets on my nerves, I'll bear it for you.] Adversity shows true friendship, and Sophia felt a wave of gratitude. Lillian seemed like a sincere friend.
After hanging up, Lillian was in a whirl of emotions. As long as Brielle was down on her luck, she was thrilled. She had no real intention of helping Sophia out, but she
knew she'd need Sophia down the line, so the show must go on.
After finding out which police station Brielle
was at, a gleeful glint crossed her eyes. To make the act more convincing, she had to be there in person. And for a drama like this, there had to be an audience. Her acts of loyalty were
no good if no one knew about them. Cameron immediately came to mind, followed by a call to Miranda.
Miranda and Cameron arrived promptly, especially agitated upon hearing Brielle was at the police station.
How much trouble can Brielle stir up?!
This time she'd even dragged in the Hatfields and the Rowlands, as if she wouldn't rest until she'd crossed every power player in Beaconsfield.
On the way to the police station, Lillian, with reddened eyes, comforted Miranda. "Miranda, don't take it to heart. Bri surely didn't mean any harm. We need to see the situation for ourselves. The call I got was all been framed."
Miranda looked livid, as if she wished she could teleport to the station.
Cameron, sitting beside them, let out a scoff. "She didn't mean to? Is the mess she's made not enough? She doesn't even care about the Dorseys, thinks she's above it all."
"Cameron, come on, we should at least check things out before jumping to conclusions."
They made it there in less than twenty minutes. Inside, Brielle sat refusing any bandages, blood staining the slippers someone had offered her.
Pain has a way of snapping you to attention.
Brielle lowered her eyes and saw several police officers investigating the source of funds, mentioning both the Rowland family and the Hatfield family.
The thug being grilled had lost his swagger, casting panicked glances at Brielle. "Brielle, maybe
we should just let this one go, huh? You heard them, the Rowlands and the Hatfields are involved. You really want to make enemies of both families at once?"
He had made a name for himself in this generation by doing dirty work for Sophia, who had introduced him to the right people, turning him into a professional enforcer.
Tonight's events had taken him by surprise.
1/2
15:08
Chapter 79
He was known for being ruthless, but he hadn't anticipated a fall from grace, and even his connections seemed shaky now.
###Chapter 80
Damn it! How did it come to this?
Chapter 80
Chapter 80
Brielle's legs tensed subtly as if she couldn't hear the commotion outside the hall. It wasn't until a disordered flurry of footsteps approached that she looked up to see three figures at the door, her brow crinkling in an
instant.
Miranda was the first to speak, trembling with fury. "What on earth is going on?! A young lady like
you causing a scene that ends up with the police? If word gets out about some scandal, how are you going to find a decent marriage?"
Lillian, standing beside Miranda, reached out to gently pat her back. "Miranda, calm down. Let's get the details first."
Taking a deep breath, Miranda turned to the handcuffed man. His eyes shifted, especially when he caught sight of Lillian-she seemed familiar, as if he'd seen her around Sophia.
A sly grin spread across his face, sensing an opportunity. "So you must be my mother-in-
law. Look, Brielle and I just had a lovers' quarrel. Please, talk some sense into her. This isn't a good look for either of us."
He whipped out his phone and started flipping through a series of intimate photos. "We're actually quite close. She's just a bit headstrong and called the cops in a huff.”
Miranda, unaware of the full story, now faced a stranger flaunting a plethora of intimate pictures and looking every bit the part of a street thug. Her blood boiled, and she raised a hand to strike Brielle. Brielle dodged slightly, seizing her wrist with one hand, "Enough."
Her tone was calm, her gaze drifting past the group to settle on the man. "I hope you'll still be this tough when sentencing time comes around."
His face stiffened, the glimmer of hope fading slowly. Was Brielle actually dismissive of her own mother's
words?
Cameron, who had been standing behind Miranda, stepped forward to pull Brielle's hand away, "I thought your past escapades were bad enough, but to end up
at the police station over some guy? You've dragged the Haywood name through the mud. You better settle this quietly before Spencer finds out."
If the social circle caught wind of this, Brielle's chances of marrying into the Dorsey family would plummet, especially since Faith had already taken a dim view of her.
Brielle's wrist throbbed under Cameron's grip, her face turning pale.
Disgusted, Cameron released her hand, "Look at yourself. You're no different from those prostitutes."
Brielle's neck was still wrapped in a scarf, her clothes in disarray, her feet shod in slippers-but none of them
noticed the bloodstains on the slippers.
The officers, seeing the three of them, hurried over, "Ms. Haywood, this isn't Ms. Brielle's fault. This isn't just a lovers' spat that can be brushed aside. The Dorsey family is involved this time." They
explained the situation and sighed, "We've traced the source of the missing million dollars to the Rowland family. We'll have someone call on the Rowland estate shortly, and we've also contacted Mr. Dorsey. Th Miranda was taken aback by the complexity of the issue, especially when she heard that Ms. Rowland would be summoned, nearly fainting with shock. She had assumed it was a minor conflict between young Lillian, already briefed by Sophia, cautiously spoke up, "If Ms. Rowland is brought in, this will spread like wildfire. Could the Haywood family end up feuding with the Rowland family? Not to mention, the Rowla tied to the Clement's family. If this blows up..."
She looked at Brielle with concern, edging closer, "Bri, maybe we should settle this quietly. You work for Dorsey
1/2
15:08
Chapter 80
International, so losing a USB drive isn't the end of the world. There should be backups on the computer. As for Ms. Rowland, I'm friends with her. I'll talk to her, and they'll let it go."
Even though none of this was Brielle's fault, Lillian made it sound like she was the one cleaning up the mess. Brielle gave Lillian a half-smile, "What, did the Rowland family send you to plead their case?" "I'm just looking out for you. The Rowland family isn't someone we can afford to mess with."
After speaking, Lillian clutched Cameron's arm in fear, "Besides, Ms. Faith just made a scene at home. Our family is trying to sever business ties with both sides. If the Rowland family puts pressure on the Hayw with the Clements family in the mix. Bri, you can't be so reckless."
Her words struck a chord with Miranda and Cameron. The Rowland family was not to be trifled with! Brielle, looking at the three of them, felt a stabbing pain in her eyes, a pain that spread to her heart.
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81
Miranda thought
she was compromising and called over to the nearby officer, "The M&A department director lost the USB drive. We can pin the blame on Brielle alone for this matter. There must be a backup of that thing. Don't escalate the situation. Call your people back now, and don't go look for Ms. Rowland at this hour. She's probably already asleep."
The policemen exchanged glances before all eyes turned to Brielle, waiting for her to make the call. Brielle couldn't
help but laugh, pressing her leg down slowly. The unbandaged wound throbbed with pain, but it also sharpened her mind. "Pin the blame on me alone? A hundred-billion-dollar business secret- what do I have to answer for that?"
Miranda hadn't expected such a firm stance from her. Her face soured, "So what do you propose we do? You really want to stir up trouble with the Rowland family? How can you be such a troublemaker!"
"Me, a troublemaker? If it wasn't for someone from the Rowland family bribing another to target me, how would the police have found evidence in her accounts? She brought this upon herself. I
will not settle this quietly, no matter what anyone says. Officers, please proceed as necessary. Mr. Dorsey is awaiting my updates."
Miranda, too angry for words, pointed a trembling finger at Brielle, but couldn't manage to spit out a coherent sentence. "How could I have raised a daughter like you!"
After a moment, Miranda's lips trembled, and she raised her hand as if to strike Brielle. Lillian, standing behind her, stepped forward, pretending to intervene. Yet, her fingers reached past Miranda, pulling off Bri scarf floated gently down, marks on Brielle's fair skin were exposed for all to see.
Everyone present was an adult. They all knew what those marks meant. Miranda's mind buzzed, and her reason crumbled in an instant. Her raised hand
changed direction, and in a fit of rage, she seized Brielle by the
neck.
"How many men have you been with? How can you have so little respect for yourself! What have you turned yourself into?!"
The burst of strength was formidable, and Brielle couldn't push her away, feeling the imprint of fingers around her neck.
Finally, overwhelmed, Miranda's world went dark, and she fainted.
"Mom!"
"Miranda!"
Cameron hurried to support her, the disgust in his eyes piercing Brielle like daggers.
Brielle touched her neck, aware that Lillian had done it on purpose. Her aim was achieved.
Lillian, too, supporting Miranda, had tears welling up
in her eyes, her voice shaky with sobs, "Cameron, what do we do? I didn't mean for this to happen. I was just scared that Miranda and Brielle would get into a fight, so I intervened. I didn't mean to pull off the sc should get Miranda to the hospital first." Cameron gave Brielle a dark look, his mind going to the sleazy man at the
police station, and he felt nauseated. Brielle was raised in the Haywood family. How could she stoop to such men?
He recalled her talk of male prostitutes, the thought making him
want to retch. She was indiscriminate. "Brielle, why are you acting so cheap? What do you think of yourself? With such an incident again, it seems Grandpa
has to come over personally to beg you before you'll behave."
Brielle's heart clenched, and she bent slightly in pain, "Grandpa is not in good health. Aren't you afraid of causing him harm by using this matter to provoke him?" "The mess is of your making. If grandfather becomes ill, it will be your doing."
15.00
Chapter 81
Cameron supported Miranda, no longer sparing Brielle a glance. "You'd better take the chance to get a healt check at the hospital. With all this recklessness, aren't you afraid of catching something? Don't blame us fo favoring Lillian. Look at what you've done, and what she's done."
Lillian, gripping Miranda's other hand, choked up at Cameron's words, "Cameron, stop it, please. Getting Miranda to the hospital is what's important now."
"Alright."
###Chapter 82
Chapter 82
As Lillian turned away, a sly smile curled the corners of her lips. She hadn't anticipated such a lucky break.
The marks on Brielle's neck certainly weren't from Spencer. After all,
he had been tied up in his own troubles these past few days. It seemed Brielle had indeed been rolling in the hay with some unsavory characters.
At this moment, Lillian felt on top of the world, as though even the gods were conspiring in her favor. With Brielle tarnished in such a way, who would want her now? Especially since she was on the verge of cr Unable to contain her glee, Lillian stealthily pulled out her phone and texted Sophia. [Sweetie, sorry, I can't help you this time. I tried to get the Haywoods to come, but Brielle's stubborn as a mule. Now Miranda Sophia was deeply touched by the message. Compared to the troublemaker Emily, Lillian was practically an angel. [I guess I have no choice but to turn to Tessa, hoping she can get Andrew to step in. Lillian, yo Lillian didn't reply immediately, deliberately waiting a good fifteen minutes before responding. [Not sure yet, gotta go. Ugh, Bri's really not giving an inch this time.]
Seeing Brielle's name, Sophia felt her eyes burn with rage. Indeed, that bitch! Despite everyone's pleas, she hadn't budged an inch.
Sophia sneered, vowing that once she got through this ordeal, she'd find someone even tougher to take Brielle down a peg. Next time, it wouldn't just be rumors. She'd have a video of Brielle's escapades sprea Although Sophia was seething with plans for revenge, panic was setting in. The police were knocking at her door. As the cold handcuffs clicked around her wrists, her hatred for Brielle and Emily deepened.
She had already sent word to Tessa. Though not the favorite of the Rowlands, her frequent visits to Tessa would surely pay off. Tessa would come to her rescue.
Meanwhile, the police station fell into an awkward silence with the departure of the trio.
Brielle leaned against the cold wall, sweat beading on her forehead. Exhausted, she longed for rest, but she heard that Sophia was on her way.
She didn't know Sophia, which meant someone was pulling strings behind the scenes. This was her chance to expose everyone involved.
Brielle's lashes fluttered, her fingers weakly curled, then relaxed. Her nose tingled, eyes growing hot.
Footsteps approached the door again, but she had no strength left to look up, resting
quietly with her eyes closed. She knew that many people at the scene were eyeing her neck, thinking she was promiscuous and fickle.
The man who was handcuffed also took the opportunity to mumble a few words. "You sure get around, don't you? Can't blame folks for wanting to ruin your pretty face."
His words dripped with scorn, his gaze trying to pierce through the fabric covering her, to strip her bare.
Brielle felt cold, a chill rising from her feet and spreading through her body, making her lips quiver.
The footsteps grew closer, and a respectful voice announced, "Mr. Dorsey."
"Mr. Dorsey, to what do we owe the honor of your personal visit?"
Brielle forced her eyes open, but could only make out a blurry silhouette.
He was like a beacon of light, radiating warmth as he approached. His warm palm rested on her forehead, and
she couldn't help but nuzzle into it. Then her body swayed, and she was enveloped in his arms.
1/2
15:09
Chapter 82
"Uncle Max?"
Her voice was hoarse, filled with yearning as she nestled into his chest.
Max didn't respond, his expression as cold as ice. The temperature in the room plummeted, and everyone was too intimidated to meet his gaze.
He carried Brielle out to the waiting car.
Brielle curled into his embrace, wincing in pain. His warm palm seemed to touch her very soul, and fearing she'd dirty his hands, she quickly recoiled. "It's dirty." She didn't know if this was reality or a dream.
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83
He was supposed to be away on business tonight, not here. Deep down, she prayed he wouldn't show up. She feared that the
protective walls she had painstakingly built would crumble to ruins in his presence.
People mustn't harbor expectations, for expectations breed vulnerability.
The warmth under her feet hadn't faded, and as she wanted to
curl up, she felt herself forcibly unraveled. She struggled to open her eyes, only to be met with a taut jawline, his breath cool as the frost, threatening to freeze one to the core. Yet, in his presence, she found a s Outside the police station, Sophia had already been brought in. She had rehearsed countless excuses in her mind, plotting how she would tear into Brielle upon seeing her. How could that bitch refused settle th could she drag her, a member of the Rowland family, into this mess?
She was determined to teach Brielle a lesson this time.
Getting out of the car, she saw a tall figure cradling someone into a vehicle at a distance. She was too far away to see who the man was.
"Where's Brielle? I need to speak with her personally," Sophia said impatiently as she strode into the lobby, casting a disdainful look at the man also in cuffs, incompetent in every endeavor, a liability at best. On the way back to Premier Palace, Patrick, seated in the front, hardly dared to breathe.
An hour ago, the car had nearly left Beaconsfield when it turned back. Max had personally gone to the police
station.
It was the first time Max had missed such an important meeting to deal with a woman's affairs.
Curiosity was killing Patrick, who kept stealing glances through the rearview mirror, but Max's expression was icy, his hold on Brielle protective and possessive.
The private doctor was already waiting in the foyer. It was the second time in a short span that Brielle had been injured. After tending to her
foot injury, the doctor handed a tube of ointment to Max. It was a bruise-healing ointment, necessary for the stark red mark around Brielle's neck, as if someone had strangled her with considerable force.
The atmosphere in the foyer was tense, everyone on edge. The doctor, noticing Max's reluctance, carefully placed the ointment on the coffee table. "Apply it morning and night, and the bruising should fade in th Max glanced at the ointment on the table and finally relented. He washed and disinfected his
hands thoroughly in the bathroom. Upon returning, he tucked the ointment inside his suit and carried Brielle upstairs.
Brielle was restless in her sleep, her forehead beaded with sweat. Max gently placed her on the bed and squeezed some ointment onto his fingertip.
As he spread the cool cream, her skin goosebumped, and she instinctively reached to wipe it away, only to have her wrist caught.
"Don't move."
He pressed her hand to the bed while his other hand skillfully continued to apply the ointment. Once finished, he grabbed a wet wipe to clean his fingers and looked up to see Brielle's eyes open, gazing at him w Max tossed the wipe into the trash and closed his eyes lightly, still visibly upset, and thus didn't respond.
Brielle tugged gently at his sleeve, perhaps aware that he was angry but not understanding why. She was the one in pain, with a sore neck, sore
feet, and aching heart. Her eyes warmed, as if tears were struggling to break free.
Max watched her, his gaze softening slightly, "Why are you crying?"
1/2
15:09
Chapter 83
Brielle shook her head, trying to explain but unable to utter a word.
Looking at her reddened nose and damp lashes, Max saw for the first time her vulnerability. The Brielle he knew was cunning, resolute, and seductive. She had never cried like this before.
In his twenty-six years of life, Max had seen his fair share of women's tears, but Brielle's tears were different. They effortlessly seized his heart.
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84
He took a handkerchief and gently wiped her cheek.
Her skin was soft as petals, not just on her cheeks but all over. A girl like her deserved to be nurtured by power
and wealth.
Outside, a thunderclap broke the silence, and lightning split the sky. The rain began to pour down, quickly drenching the city.
Max sat on the edge of the bed, and as dawn approached, he slowly walked over to the floor-to-
ceiling window. The raindrops hit the glass like a cascade of shattered diamonds, seemingly trying to capture the neon lights from outside.
At ten in the morning, Patrick gently pushed the door open. "President, the video conference is all set up."
Max nodded, rubbing his temples as he stepped out of the bedroom. There would be three meetings today, ones he was supposed to attend in person. Instead, he had stood up all the executives last night.
A shadow passed through Max's eyes, and his lips tightened just slightly. That kind of mistake was inexcusable.
Meanwhile, at the Rowland estate, Tessa hadn't acted immediately upon receiving the news last night. She glanced at the hearty breakfast spread out on the table before sitting down.
In another ten minutes, Andrew's courier would arrive with the season's must-have item, a tradition that had become almost
ceremonial over the years. Yesterday, Andrew had sent over a designer watch, and the envy it sparked was palpable. Ever since her engagement
to the Clements clan, Andrew's gifting had become habitual. Tessa, frail since childhood, relished Andrew's attentions but couldn't help feeling resentful. Why must it be her, with a constitution so delicate that ev a night of passion was too much to bear?
After a few coughs and dabbing her mouth with a napkin, she sipped some warm broth and then asked, "Is it Brielle? The young lady from the Haywood family? I haven't been to a social event in years. Is she w known? Why would Sophia go after her?"
The maid shook his head, "Miss Sophia is impulsive. Rumor has it she's avenging Miss Emily. They're quite
close."
Tessa had no interest in getting involved in such messes, finding them tedious
and the women's tactics distasteful. But then she thought, if she could resolve this, everyone would see just how much Andrew heeded
her words.
"Miss Sophia was taken to the police station last night."
Tessa nodded, her fingertips lightly gripping the spoon, "Let the other Rowlands beg for my help first, then I'll call Andrew."
She knew her standing wasn't enough to involve Max. It had to be Andrew who intervened.
Her pallor was evident, and she frowned again, "Do you know why Emily is targeting Brielle? Is there a history between them?"
The maid considered for a moment and replied honestly, "Both are with Dorsey International. It's probably a professional dispute." Tessa nodded, not particularly concerned.
Half an hour later, as expected, Sophia's parents called, their voices tinged with desperation. Before her engagement to Andrew, Tessa had suffered their disdain because of her frail health, but ever since Andr soared. Otherwise, with her health, she'd have likely been shunted aside.
Chapter 84
Tessa deliberately ignored the calls, feigning busyness. Only on the eighth call did she answer, speaking softly, with an air of gentleness. "Yes, I'll speak to Andrew. Since it's Brielle who lost something, she shou The caller complimented her before hanging up, and Tessa felt a surge of satisfaction. Yet, always cautious, she asked the maid a few more questions.
"Why did Emily go to Dorsey International?"
The more she thought about it, the less it made sense. Why would Emily go to Dorsey International out of the blue and clash with Brielle?
"Does Brielle have another identity?"
Tessa had kept a low profile for years, rarely venturing out. She wasn't aware that Brielle was engaged to Spencer.
"Ms. Tessa, Brielle is engaged to Spencer," the servant informed her.
Hearing this, Tessa knew things were complicated. If Brielle was engaged to Spencer, he would surely get involved.
"But Ms. Tessa, you needn't worry about that. Few know of her engagement to
Spencer. Besides, Sophia made it clear that Spencer publicly stated at Dorsey International that he doesn't favor Brielle and plans to call off the engagement."
Tessa breathed a sigh of relief. If it didn't involve the Dorsey family and was just an issue with a lady from the Haywood family, the situation was manageable.
She took a sip of tea, planning to time her call to Andrew perfectly. She didn't think her decision would cause much trouble for the victim, Brielle. In Beaconsfield, it was a survival of the fittest. Brielle could only blame her misfortune for crossing the wrong people.
###Chapter 85
Chapter 85
Brielle woke up at eleven, the familiar ceiling above her coaxing her into reality. It wasn't a dream. Max hadn't left on a business trip-he had shown up at the police station last night. Was it because of her?
She swung her legs out of bed, wincing as her feet touched the cold floor. The sting from her cuts reminded her of the night's events. She spotted a cane nearby, left there just for her, and gratefully grabbed it to The house was quiet as she hobbled to the study. Max was there, as she knew he would be, deep in a virtual meeting.
Brielle gently pushed the door open and heard a voice from the meeting.
"The new documents have been sent down. We've incorporated Ms. Haywood's 8120 principle and the 2N rule into our management system. The first draft has been emailed to you, sir."
Max was silent, his microphone off. Sensing her presence, he paused but didn't turn around, as if he knew it was her.
Brielle limped closer. "Uncle Max, were you planning to discuss a takeover deal last night?"
"Mhm."
Max skimmed through the emails, nodding in approval at the content before typing a response.
"So why did you come back? I could have handled the stuff at the police station on my own." She tried to sound casual, settling herself onto a nearby couch.
"And by handling it, you mean letting your wounds bleed without bandaging them?" Max's voice was laced with concern. If he hadn't arrived when he did, the injury could have become infected. Brielle felt a warmth in her chest and avoided his gaze. "I didn't feel the pain."
Because what hurt and frightened her more was the inner turmoil, the loneliness of being abandoned by the whole world, grinding at the heart like serrated edges.
"Was last night your way of 'defending a lady's honor'?" she asked, her long lashes fluttering like the wings of a bird, too fragile and touching.
Max tried to ignore the unusual stirrings in his heart, keeping his eyes on the screen as he wrapped up the
meeting.
Defending a lady's honor? His emotions had peaked last night, but not to that extent.
Before he could respond, there was a knock on the door. Andrew had arrived.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, almost instantly guessing why Andrew was here. She got up, using the cane and the wall for support, and started towards the door. Máx, seeing she didn't intend to lean on him, left the room with a quick stride, leaving her behind.
Oblivious to his irritation, Brielle finally made it downstairs to find Andrew nursing a cup of coffee.
"Little Canary, what happened to your leg?" he teased as Brielle settled into a chair beside him.
"Are you here about the Rowland family issue?"
"Yes. Sophia is involved. She's close to Tessa, who asked me to come see you."
Brielle looked down, focusing on her toes. "I heard it's not just the Rowland family involved, but the Hatfield family too."
The police station had made it clear last night that the Hatfield family played a part. Yet, Brielle had never crossed either family. Why do they target her now?
Andrew leaned back, nodding lazily. "You must know her-Emily, the Hatfield family's daughter who works at
1/2
15:09
Chapter 85
Dorsey International."
Realization dawned on Brielle. She had sensed Emily's hostility these past days but hadn't dwelt on it. "I've hardly interacted with them. There must be someone else behind this." Andrew chuckled, casting a glance at Max silently sipping his coffee. It seemed Max was leaving the decision-making to Brielle.
"How should I know? I'm just here because of Tessa."
His certainty struck Brielle. Not for herself, but for Aubree.
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86
"I'm curious, what exactly did Miss Tessa tell you? This whole ordeal with Dorsey International involves some really hush-hush corporate secrets. If I just let this slide, I'm the one who's gonna have to shoulder the blame. Did it ever cross Miss Tessa's mind what I, as the victim here, am supposed to do?"
Brielle's tone was cool, the corners of her mouth twitching with a mocking smile. She had never met Tessa, but judging someone's fate with a light phone call? That didn't sound like the actions of a good Samaritan. Was this the type of woman Andrew fell for?
Andrew's brow furrowed. He wasn't a fool. He could read between the lines of Brielle's insinuation.
"Brielle, I don't know you, but I do know Max. He wouldn't just leave so-called billion-
dollar trade secrets in his jacket pocket. Sure, I believe Sophia hired someone to come after you, but the rest? Sounds like a tall tale to
me."
"And what if it is a tall tale? If I hadn't known how to protect myself, my face would have been ruined. You do know what looks mean to a woman, right?"
Andrew's eyes narrowed. "What will it take for you not to pursue this?"
"Well, that depends on how far you're willing to go for Tessa."
"Brielle." A chill passed through Andrew's gaze. If Max wasn't there, he might have already drawn his gun. "Don't be so ungrateful."
Brielle chuckled lightly, "I'm the only victim here, and my refusal to settle makes me ungrateful?"
Andrew had been outmaneuvered by Brielle before, and it made his blood boil. Turning to Max, he snapped, "Aren't you going to do something about this?" She was getting a bit too cocky. She was just a pampered pet, after all.
Max, fingers absentmindedly tracing the rim of his glass, felt Andrew's stare and looked up slowly. "What would you do if someone tried to ruin Tessa's face?"
"I'd annihilate them. Their whole family would pay for it." The fierceness in Andrew's eyes was unmistakable, and he frowned in disgust at his own reaction. "How can you compare Brielle to Tessa? Tessa is my
In front of Brielle, Andrew spoke without a filter. It wasn't a secret, after all. Brielle was aware, too. Max was just having his fun. She hadn't bored him yet.
A sting of hurt flashed through Brielle's heart, and her fingers clenched at her side. "Andrew, this has nothing to do with my place in Uncle Max's heart. It's a matter of a man's pride."
She couldn't admit she was afraid to hear Max's response, afraid it would fall short of her hopes, so she cleverly shifted the focus to a matter of dignity. It was better not to harbor too many hopes on certain ped Their finite nature couldn't bear the weight of such expectations. Best to let go.
Max looked up, his gaze falling on her, as if assessing her.
Brielle stiffened, forcing a casual smile. "If Uncle Max can't even protect me, a pet of his, wouldn't that tarnish his grand image?"
Andrew hadn't expected such a response, his brows knitting together. "Brielle, what are you really after?"
Brielle looked down, pushing aside the discomfort, "I want Sophia and Emily to come and apologize to me, face to face. I've got questions for them. And that thug from the police station? He needs to be beh Her demands were modest. She didn't mention the so-called corporate secrets. A non-existent issue can't
1/2
15:09
Chapter 86
withstand scrutiny. Besides, Andrew and Max had a good rapport. She couldn't really blow things up irreparably.
Andrew lit a cigarette, his expression defiant. "Fine, I'll make sure they come to you."
He said more, but Brielle wasn't really listening. Once he was gone, she turned to Max. He seemed unaffected by Andrew's words, detached.
Brielle's lips twitched in self-derision. To him, feelings must be too cheap to consider, cheap enough not to waste time pondering.
Whether it was a business opportunity or a life chance, to a prodigy like Max, only a thirty percent shot was worth
taking for a big win; anything less was likely a loss. A fifty percent chance was a minor victory. And with an eighty percent certainty, the market was saturated. If you waited for a hundred percent certainty, you m in the world.
And in the game of chances, feelings might be less than the trash by the roadside. They held no sense of achievement when they were too easily won.
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87
Brielle pushed herself to her feet, grabbing the cane that rested beside her chair. "Uncle Max, maybe Patrick could take me
home?" She wanted to clear her head, to regain control before everything spiraled beyond repair.
Max looked up at her, stood, and pulled her into a comforting embrace. "I'll take you." It wasn't an offer to stay, but a promise to escort her.
A wave of disappointment washed over Brielle, but she mustered a smile nonetheless. "Thanks, Uncle Max. I appreciate it."
The drive back to her apartment was silent. Once there, Brielle leaned on her cane as she made her way inside. Noticing Max hadn't left immediately, she fumbled her way to the kitchen and put a kettle on the Max settled onto the couch, not offering to help, watching her manage with her cane, as she washed some fruit and brought it out.
Brielle couldn't deny her irritation. After all, she was the one who was injured. Sitting down, she tossed her cane aside with a huff and caught her breath. "There's nothing much at home. Hope you don't mind." Max's gaze softened as he noticed the sweat on the tip of her nose and the flush of her cheeks. He looked away. "Dorsey International has incorporated your two principles into our management system. You should talk to finance about doubling your year-end bonus."
The abrupt change in topic caught Brielle off guard. "What?"
Once the realization hit her, she almost choked. All this time she had been stewing in her own frustrations, and there was Max, still pondering over business matters? True to The Priest's form, he never let wom
him from work.
Biting her lip in annoyance, she also considered that this was exactly what she had hoped for. His professional detachment gave her room to breathe.
"Alright, thanks, Mr. Dorsey." She stood up, leaning on her cane, and re-presented the washed fruit. "I won't keep you any longer, Mr. Dorsey. You probably have meetings to attend. Take care."
As she spoke, Max reached out and took hold of her wrist. Brielle's eyes were drawn to the black rosary he wore, making him seem even more ethereal, as though he truly belonged in the heavens. "Are you upset?"
It was rare for him to notice her mood. Brielle looked down at the fruit in her hands. The act of serving it only to take it back seemed childish and foolish.
Taking a deep breath, she placed the fruit back on the table. "No, Uncle Max. You're probably used to exotic fruits, flown in from abroad. I didn't want to disappoint."
"If you like, I can have Brent arrange for daily deliveries." His tone was casual, as if puzzled by her preoccupation with such trivialities.
Brielle's heart sank. Her concerns were far from being about the fruit. Her gaze returned to the rosary beads
on his wrist, and she couldn't help but think of Alivia, who had a similar string, likely a gift from him. Giving such a gift to a woman, no wonder they found it hard to forget him.
She extended her pale finger and toyed with the beads. "Uncle Max, could you give me this rosary?"
The question surprised even her. Realizing what she had said, she panicked, disregarding the pain in her leg. and hastily pressed her lips to his.
Max wrapped his arms around her waist, tilting his head slightly. "In such a hurry? Are you sure your leg can handle it?"
1/2
15:09
Chapter 87
Her heart raced as she kissed him again. Why had she asked for the rosary? Why did she want it? She must be losing her mind.
She lowered her head and bit gently into his neck.
Max grasped her chin, his eyes dark and intense, "You had a fever last night. It's best not to play with fire now
Just as he finished speaking, a loud banging erupted from the door.
"Bang! Bang! Bang!"
Spencer could hardly contain the urge to smash the door down. The fact that Brielle had been to the police station and he was the last to know infuriated him. Spencer, always prideful, checked his phone multiple times. Surely, in her time of need, Brielle should have called him for help, but there were no missed calls from her. Since when had Brielle stopped reaching out to him with messages and calls? The realization stoked a fire within him. He was angry that he cared even the slightest. What right did she have, a woman who
did nothing but seduce men, to occupy his thoughts? Was it wrong for him to have slept with Lillian? Perhaps Brielle had already been with other men, keeping it a secret all along. It wasn't that he had cheated betrayed him first.
###Chapter 88
Chapter 88
"Brielle! Open up right now!" Anger and humiliation churned within, a tempest raging in his chest.
Brielle lounged on the couch, making no move toward the door, her arms instead wrapped around Max's neck.
Max glanced down at her, easing her hands away, "Not going to answer the door?"
Brielle snorted with amusement, pointing first at him, then back to herself, "So that he can find out that the almighty Mr. Dorsey has graced us mere mortals with his presence to personally attend to an employee "Wouldn't be the end of the world."
"Bang! Bang!"
The pounding on the door persisted, a clear sign that if the door wasn't opened, the knocking would become a permanent fixture.
Cleverly, Brielle grabbed her phone and quickly powered it down. Outside, Spencer indeed began to call.
"Sorry, the number you have dialed is switched off." Frustration nearly drove him to crush his phone, but then Lillian called. Spencer paused, irritation flickering in his eyes. In truth, the specific reason he had en His mind, muddled by booze, remembered only the softness of her embrace, and her whispering, "If it were me, I wouldn't let you suffer like this."
Indeed, being in his favor was a blessing, yet Brielle seemed clueless about treasuring it.
"Lillian, what's up?" His tone was clipped, leaning casually against the door, devoid of his usual warmth.
Sizing up his mood, Lillian tread lightly, "Spencer, have you gone to see Bri?"
At the mention of Brielle, Spencer felt a blockage in his heart. He didn't feel loved with her, but with Lillian, he felt everything. Lillian was understanding, considerate, and even after knowing he was unwilling to b Guilt pricked at Spencer, prompting a swift denial. "No, I'm at the Dorsey estate. Max needed to discuss some business."
The apartment's poor soundproofing meant his words were crystal clear to the pair inside.
Brielle's eyebrow arched, her fingers idly twirling Max's tie. "Uncle Max, you needed him for something?"
Max gently pressed her hand down, careful not to disturb her injured leg.
Outside, Spencer's clumsy lies continued. "Just some work stuff. Max can be quite serious in private."
Lillian's heart raced. She had never had the chance to see Max's private side or to gaze up close at that face, which
must be a happiness in itself. She felt her mouth dry out, suspecting every woman probably dreamed of conquering him. Yet, here she was, without even a chance to speak to him. Maybe Spencer was her oppo "Spencer, do you dine privately with Max? Does he know about Brielle's situation?"
At the first question, Spencer almost responded, but the second question made him explode. "Why should he know about Brielle's affairs? They hardly speak, maybe cross paths at work, but his world revolves Lillian exhaled in relief. Although she had intentionally leaked Brielle's attempt to seduce Max to Emily, and she had edited the video, she was always unsettled about why they appeared together at the auction.
15:10
Chapter 88
Spencer's response was the reassurance she needed. Indeed, Max had been devoted to his career for years, his only gossip involving with one Miss Barnes, and no other woman came close. Brielle had merely taken advantage of her work position.
Lillian's lips curved into a smile, her thoughts crystallizing. She longed to see Max, to speak softly to him. To lock gazes, even if only for a few seconds, would be enough to savor for a lifetime. Chapter 89
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89
"Spencer, you go ahead and have a good chat with Max. I won't intrude," she said with a considerate tone.
Spencer nodded, ending the call and feeling all the more appreciative of Lillian's sensibility.
Spencer looked up at the firmly shut door with a flicker of disdain in his eyes. He must be out of his mind to come all this way for a woman like that.
Brielle? She was worth this hassle?
His face darkened, and without hesitation, he turned on his heel and strode away, unaware that on the other side of the door, the workaholic 'Uncle Max' had a woman sitting on his lap.
Brielle's hands were still looped around Max's neck, her head resting against his chest. Max's palm gently caressed her back before he firmly grasped her chin, forcing her to look up. "You've been crying?"
He didn't know the ins and outs of Brielle's entanglement with Spencer, only that they were once engaged. As for their past affection, he couldn't care less.
Brielle, with top honors from Beaconsfield College, a stunning face, and formidable work skills, was certainly more than a match for Spencer.
"Still hung up on him?"
Brielle almost retched at the thought. Her, liking Spencer? Impossible.
Her distress was only due to the shock of seeing someone she had known for over a decade change so drastically, as if her entire past life were a facade now cracked to reveal its true nature.
But Max's misunderstanding wasn't such a bad thing. After all, compared to the minor discomfort she felt toward Spencer, her emotions for Max were a tumultuous wave.
It may be better to let the misunderstanding continue. It was better than letting others know about those budding delusions.
"Yes, we were engaged for over a decade. How could I not have feelings for him?"
The pressure on her chin increased, and she winced in pain. Max's eyes darkened, not understanding why he felt a pang of anger.
"You seduced me while still harboring feelings for him. Brielle, are your affections that cheap?"
The fleeting emotion vanished, and he lifted her in his arms, positioning her so as not to hurt her legs.
Getting angry over a caged canary, especially one with someone else in her heart, was pointless. He was to enjoy the moment and nothing more.
Max couldn't help but repeat this mantra, yet seeing the hurt in her eyes softened him. "Find someone new to fancy. He's not worth it."
It was the first time anyone had told Brielle that someone else was unworthy, rather than questioning what she deserved. Her spirits lifted, and she couldn't resist starting to unbutton his shirt. "Uncle Max, I think we shouldn't talk about other men at a time like this."
Max chuckled, leaning in to capture her lips with his, "Just don't think about him in your heart."
"How could I? Ask any woman out there as long as she's not blind, she'd know who to choose between you and Spencer. Besides, you're far better in bed than he is."
The moment the words left her lips, the warmth in the air vanished. His eyes grew cold.
Brielle knew she was pushing her luck. He had never asked how far she and Spencer had gone - had they kissed? Embraced? Slept together?
15:10 M
Chapter 89
Most people would assume that after so many years of engagement, she and Spencer must have shared
a bed. She deliberately clarified this to gauge his reaction. However, his gaze was unfathomable, deep as an abyss.
The kissing resumed, along her lips, her jaw, her neck. His touch was fiercer than usual - he had always been passionate, but never quite like this, as if he wanted to shatter her. "How much better than him?"
He paused at the peak of their passion, his question a deliberate provocation.
Brielle's mind was hazy, fireworks exploding before her eyes. She didn't understand what he was asking. The world seemed to swirl into an impressionist painting. She reached out to grasp him, but her hands were caught and pinned above her head.
"Just a little better, or much better?"
Tears sprang to Brielle's eyes. She bit her lip, refusing to speak. He was being cruel, punishing her like this.
"Brielle, answer me."
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90
Brielle shook her head, tears cascading down her cheeks with increased fervor. In the hours that followed, it seemed he tortured her on purpose.
"Have you done this position with him?"
"Could he make you cry like this?"
"If we're comparing, we should do it position by position. Did you do it in the bathroom too?"
Brielle felt like she was losing her mind, torn between humiliation and the primal stirrings within her body. She never should have taunted a man in bed. "Uncle Max, I'm so sorry."
Her cheeks were slick with sweat as she pitifully clutched at his sleeve.
His suit jacket lay discarded at the foot of the bed, but his shirt remained on-though it was a rumpled mess
from their encounter.
Brielle had always known how he was in bed, a stark contrast to The Priest. When he interrogated someone, his cruelty seemed to know no bounds.
Opposite The Priest, he was like a dazzlingly colorful poison butterfly, an entangling siren, a being one should rightly fear and revere, yet irresistibly fall into his seductive snare.
Brielle regretted her actions so deeply it hurt, and after many sweet nothings and tears, she finally managed to
soothe the man to a stop.
Max brushed the tears from her cheeks with a chuckle, "Is that all you've got?" His voice was raspy with a hint of post-passion, echoing close to her ear.
The anger in her heart dissipated instantly-this was Max, with just a few words he could make one long to live for him, or die for him.
The apartment was filled with sounds of passion.
Meanwhile, at the police station, thanks to Andrew's intervention, Sophia was quickly released. As for the thug who started the fight, he was sentenced, and the so-called trade secrets? Andrew had said he wouldn't pursue it, so naturally, the police wouldn't either.
Sophia walked out behind Andrew, her face beaming with relief. "Andrew, don't worry, I'll definitely put in a good word for you with my cousin."
Everyone knew how much Andrew cared for Tessa-whatever Tessa wanted, Andrew would do.
Andrew was impatient with these female squabbles, but he still had to follow through
on his promise to Brielle. "Get in touch with Emily from the Hatfield family. I want you two to personally apologize to Brielle, and don't you dare half-ass it."
Max had given him respect, and he had to do the same for Max.
Sophia's face stiffened, her lips pursing in reluctance. "She doesn't have any real status in the Dorsey family. What's there to fear? Besides, you said yourself there was no trade secret issue. I should be the one to sue her for slander." With the Rowland family and Andrew backing her, what did she have to fear from Brielle?
"Andrew, Brielle and Spencer's relationship is just for show. Spencer doesn't even want to keep up appearances." Andrew lit a cigarette, his sharp gaze pinning her down. Sophia's smugness vanished as if someone had, choked her. Chapter 90
Andrew scoffed, "I'm willing to talk to you out of respect for Tessa. If you and Emily don't go, it's not just Brielle I won't let off."
Sophia felt a chill run down her spine, unable to move a muscle. How could she forget how unapproachable Andrew could be? Apart from Tessa, he had never shown favor to any other woman. She quickly lowered her head, avoiding his piercing eyes. "Andrew, I understand. I'll contact Emily right away."
Andrew didn't bother giving her another glance, stepping into his car and driving away.
Watching the car disappear, Sophia gritted her teeth in frustration. She couldn't fathom why Andrew insisted on the apology. What was he wary of? Spencer? Impossible. Spencer, a playboy with no real power, was nothing in Andrew's eyes.
The Haywood family? Although their business had improved over the years due to their connection with the Dorsey family, it wasn't enough for Andrew to show them favor.
Sophia racked her brain but couldn't come up with an answer. In the end, she decided to call Tessa. "Tessa, Andrew wants me to apologize to Brielle at her doorstep. Do you think he's taking Brielle's side?" Sophia was well-liked by Tessa. She always sweet-
talked her and spent a lot of time keeping her company. She knew Tessa enjoyed Andrew's favors and wouldn't tolerate any other woman having a special place with him.
Sure enough, upon hearing this, Tessa sat up straight. "Did he tell you that himself?"
###Chapter 91
Chapter 91
"Ugh, Andrew just bailed me out of the police station, and he was like, 'you can't just brush this off. I mean, isn't Brielle just an employee at Dorsey International? Why does he have to go this far?"
Tessa's breath grew heavier, and she couldn't help but cough violently a few times. She was growing more and more disgusted with her frail body. On most days, she could only rely on medication to keep going, and the slightest agitation was off-limits. Just hearing this news had already caused beads of sweat to form on her forehead.
"Should I go?" Sophia asked, testing the waters with her question, though deep down she had zero desire to go, especially since it meant seeing Emily. Just the thought that she had gotten into this mess because of Emily made her blood boil.
"If he said so, then just do it," Tessa replied, knowing Andrew's intentions all too well. "There's no way he'd have anything to do with Brielle."
"I trust Andrew, but I've heard Brielle is quite the loose cannon."
Tessa took a deep breath, a sharp look crossing her eyes. "Sophia, keep an eye out for me while you're out there. If you see Brielle getting too close to Andrew, give me a call."
Sophia's lips curled into a wry smile. "Don't worry. I'll keep an eye on Andrew for you."
After hanging up, Sophia shot a message to Emily. Emily had been living in a state of constant anxiety, and though she heard the issue had been resolved, she was now told she needed to apologize to Brielle, which instantly made her feel nauseous. [I'm not going, why should I grovel to that tramp Brielle.]
Reading Emily's response, a sneer crossed Sophia's face. [I've got Brielle's address from Lillian. Andrew said we have to apologize in
person. If you don't show, you're on your own.]
Knowing who Andrew was, Emily felt a wave of intimidation wash over her, but at the same time, she was seething. Why would Andrew side
with Brielle?
Could it be that Brielle didn't just hook Max but was also stringing Andrew along?
Fuming with malice, Emily's scalp tingled at the thought. An apology? Fine, she had a belly full of fire that needed venting anyway.
Half an hour later, the two women arrived punctually at Brielle's apartment door.
Sophia knocked without courtesy and then crossed her arms, ready to confront her adversary. She glanced sideways at Emily, her expression
colder than ice.
"Using me as your pawn, Emily, you've really outdone yourself. After this mess, we're done. I can't afford a 'friend' like you."
Emily knew she would be humiliated. "How was I to know Brielle was so cunning, coming up with a story about a ten-billion-dollar business secret?"
And how could those six or seven men not handle one woman, letting Brielle slip away? What garbage help had Sophia enlisted.
Emily kept her composure, but inside she was railing against Sophia's
unreliable choices.
Both outsiders in their own families, they'd grown up in luxury and now could hardly stand the sight of each other.
Sophia felt jinxed and banged on the door again. Inside the bedroom, Brielle was awakened by the heat.
The evening sun poured through the window, casting an orange glow on the bedspread. By the window, a man in a simple robe was working on company emails using her laptop, his profile shadowed, his hair kissed by the fading light.
Brielle couldn't help but linger her gaze on him, not for the first time seeing Max like this, but his face never failed to dazzle her.
He sat by the window, the breeze carrying his bracing scent. From noon till dusk, he had been busy for five hours and still had the energy to work. Brielle rubbed her sore back, thinking she had brought it upon herself.
The knocking continued from the living room. Spencer again?
She casually threw on a robe and strolled to the window, leaving a kiss on his lips. "Bear with me, Uncle Max. Hide out in the bedroom for a bit. I've got someone to meet."
Max paused, his gaze falling on her neck. The marks from before hadn't faded, now joined by new ones. The thought of a man outside made his brow crease, and he began fastening her buttons, one by one, up to the very top still not satisfied.
"Wear a scarf."
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92
Brielle felt the top button of her blouse choking her and raised her hand to unfasten it, but Max caught her wrist, "Or maybe try a different outfit."
A smirk played at the corners of Brielle's mouth; his possessiveness was baffling at times.
She turned and grabbed a light turtleneck sweater from her closet, not showing any sign of bashfulness as she stripped off the one she was wearing. After changing, she twirled in front of him, "Is this better?" Max averted his gaze, his naturally long lashes casting a shadow, "Barely."
Rolling her eyes inwardly, Brielle walked towards the living room, making sure to grab her cane.
She shut the bedroom door behind her with a soft click.
Sophia and Emily had been waiting impatiently outside the door, their hands raised to knock again when it swung open.
Brielle hadn't expected them. She arched an eyebrow lightly, then offered a cool smile, "Make yourselves at home. Don't be shy."
Sophia had initially intended to directly give Brielle a piece of her mind, but upon encountering Brielle's smile, it felt like punching into cotton, losing the intended impact. She glanced around the modest room, which in comparison to her luxurious villa, could only be described as
humble.
Emily, standing next to her, struggled to mask her resentment towards Brielle.
Brielle turned away with a measured pace and settled on the couch, placing her cane beside her, "Come in, don't just stand there at the door."
Chapter 92
Fuming, Emily stormed in, "Brielle, don't get so smug."
Brielle glanced at the table, where Max's glass of water had long gone cold. She picked it up and took a sip. "I just have a few questions, and after that, you can start apologizing."
She set the glass down and found a comfortable position, eyes fixed on the two visitors. "Who's the accomplice and who's the
mastermind?"
Emily's hand clenched at her side, itching to throw the fruit from the table at Brielle's face. This despicable bitch was ignoring her!
Brielle's casual demeanor only aggravated Emily further.
Noticing the thick bandages on Brielle's leg, Emily moved forward, aiming to stomp on her foot. But Brielle was quick to dodge, retracting her foot and splashing the water towards Emily. Emily's hair got drenched, and she almost screamed as she lunged at
Brielle.
Sophia intervened, grabbing Emily's arm with impatience. "Andrew sent us to apologize. If you don't play along, he'll throw me back to the police station. Emily, I don't care what beef you have with Brielle, but if you don't help me wrap this up, I'll never let you off the hook."
Sophia had more sense than Emily's twisted rage. She shot a disdainful look at Brielle, planning her revenge for after this was all over, but for now, she couldn't act on impulse, not with Andrew's intolerance for
disobedience.
Taking a deep breath, Sophia said, "I don't know you well, and it was Emily who detests you. I just hired that thug, gave him a million to trouble you. Sadly, he messed up and let you get away."
Sophia had seen Brielle before but only from a distance. Now, up close, she realized how stunning Brielle was.
With a light laugh, Brielle put the empty glass down, "Why does Emily
hate me?"
Whether at the company or now, Emily's malice was obvious. Yet Brielle had never had any dealings with her.
Sophia snorted, her gaze filled with contempt, "There's no one in our group chat who doesn't despise you. We're well aware of all your misdeeds. And as if having Spencer wasn't enough, you had to go after other men, and even tried to seduce Max. Emily has been pining for Max for ages, how do you think she feels?"
So, it was Max's troublesome admirer.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, noting another keyword-group chat.
Tiffanie had told her about the group chats of socialites in Beaconsfield, and in Lillian's circle, almost everyone looked down on her. It was all thanks to Lillian playing the victim, ruining Brielle's
reputation.
Brielle found it amusing, though they weren't entirely wrong-she had indeed seduced Max. She turned to Emily, who still looked at her with venomous eyes, as if ready to tear her apart.
Brielle's lips curved slightly, "So, you came to Dorsey International all for Mr. Dorsey? Well, congratulations, you're fired from the M&A department."
Emily's face froze, her eyes widening in disbelief, "What did you say? Say that again!"
"You're fired, for trying to frame your own supervisor over a personal vendetta. Isn't that reason enough?"
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93
Brielle's tone was nonchalant, and seeing Emily turn red with anger brought her a perverse sense of satisfaction.
"And you think you can fire me? Does Mr. Dorsey know you're abusing your power?"
Brielle glanced at the bedroom door. He hadn't known before, but she figured he must be aware now.
Inside the bedroom, Max certainly heard the commotion outside. He was about to step out when his phone rang-it was Kenzo calling.
"Max, Alivia's back tonight. We threw her a little welcome back shindig. You coming?"
Tequila Sunset was the go-to haunt for Beaconsfield's elite, a place where privacy reigned supreme and only those with clout mingled. It was the venue of choice for their inner-circle soirees and gatherings. Kenzo glanced at the woman sitting opposite him. She appeared calm, but her body was taut with tension. He chuckled to himself, thinking how quickly girls grow up and out of their shells. "Another time, I'm swamped."
The call was on speaker, so Alivia overheard, "I've only got a few days off before I have to return. Max, it's been ages."
Everyone in Beaconsfield knew about their near-engagement. Back then, her pride was too strong. She feared rejection from Max, so she rejected him first. Now she deeply regretted it. If she had agreed back then, perhaps Max would have agreed to this marriage out of
consideration for Michael.
She lowered her head, caressing her rosary. The cool black beads reminded her of the identical one on his wrist, and her heart softened. Chapter 93
"If you're really tied up, I could come over to Dorsey International."
With the conversation going this far, it would be cruel for Max to refuse. He frowned, but out of consideration for Kenzo, he relented, "Tomorrow night, then."
Alivia breathed a sigh of relief, her heart swelling with sweetness, "Great, I'll wait for you."
After hanging up, Kenzo gave her a teasing look, "You know, you could've just called him yourself instead of using me as a go-between." Alivia shot him a mock-angry glance. "Stop teasing me." They weren't alone. Others sat nearby, but these folks weren't part of the same circle as Sophia.
The elite had their hierarchies, with illegitimate children and distant relatives of prominent families rarely rubbing shoulders with those present unless they were introduced by someone. Alivia and Kenzo were at the core of the true elite, so naturally, those seated with them were central figures too. Everyone had heard about Alivia and Max's past, and now they couldn't resist ribbing her.
"That guy hardly ever shows up to parties. We can't even get his personal number, but you, Alivia, you've got some serious pull."
"Get out of here. You want his number? At an international auction abroad, I was signing papers backstage with him, and I tried to say hello. He didn't even glance my way. So cold, like an emotionless robot. I swear, you'd freeze talking to him."
"Alivia, that rosary-don't tell me it's a matching set with his?"
Max was known for his black rosary, but Alivia having one too certainly spoke volumes about their special relationship. Even Alivia, usually so composed, blushed at this, “Max isn't that scary. He's just not big on talking. He's quite gentle when it's just us."
Chapter 91
"That's because he's only gentle with you. After all, you're his old flame." Laughter erupted around them as they teased about expecting to celebrate their eventual nuptials. Elated, Alivia let herself drink a few
too many.
Meanwhile, Kenzo sat by her side, long fingers idly spinning his glass. He didn't bring up the matter with Brielle-his sister was probably unaware. A smirk danced on his lips in anticipation. There would be drama to watch in the days ahead.
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94
Kenzo knew his sister like the back of his hand. She was the center of their social circle, having been doted on since childhood. Coupled with her own impressive achievements, she wore a halo that shone brightly. A person like that would never settle for defeat.
Kenzo had attended Beaconsfield College, where even then, Brielle's name was known. She was beautiful and unassuming, with a talent. that could have taken her even further if the Haywood family had not kept a tight rein on her.
Kenzo was well aware that, if it came down to it, Brielle was every bit as
capable as Alivia.
Brielle's first decade was spent in an orphanage, struggling even for the most basic needs. In contrast, Alivia was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. From her earliest words, she was surrounded by different languages and nurtured by top-tier tutors brought in by the Barnes family to cultivate her interests and hobbies. The amount of money the Barnes family invested in her was beyond reckoning. Alivia was who she was because she was a child of the Barnes family. She simply fulfilled a destiny that seemed written from birth. But Brielle was who she was because she was Brielle-and that was the whole
story.
Kenzo set his glass down, his gazes showing layers of emotions.
Alivia, noticing his distraction, teased him, "Bro, haven't you thought about finding yourself a lady? Look at Andrew, already engaged, and the others switch girlfriends like they're changing clothes. Max has me, but you've got no one. Are you planning to be a bachelor forever?"
Max has me. Those words carried such conviction.
With a small smile, Kenzo twirled his empty glass, "Haven't found anyone I like."
17.11
Kenzo wasn't just at the epicenter of power; he was also a fixture in the complex whirlpool of the entertainment industry. In the entertainment industry, men and women were adept at playing games, and as the most talented scriptwriter, Kenzo's scripts brought fame to many, but he remained alone.
He never publicly acknowledged having a girlfriend.
"So, what's your type? I'll keep an eye out for you," she offered.
A face flashed through Kenzo's mind, and the corners of his mouth lifted slightly, "Someone beautiful."
Alivia thought she had misheard, her eyes widening before she let out a chuckle. "There are plenty of beauties in the industry, all those actresses with faces to die for. Haven't seen you bring any home, though."
The term 'beautiful' was indeed too vague.
"Beautiful, and someone who knows how to charm," Kenzo added before closing his eyes.
His presence was gentle and warm, unlike Max's chilly demeanor. Max was untouchable, but Kenzo was like the comforting glow of a thousand homes, softening the world.
"Don't worry, I'll find her for you," Alivia said noncommittally, thinking he was just joking.
Kenzo withdrew from the welcoming party, feeling out of place.
Max ended his call and then heard a knock at the bedroom door. It was Emily.
The moment the phone had rung, Emily and Sophia had heard it. And there was a man's voice from the bedroom, soft but unmistakable.
Emily even thought she recognized it from somewhere. She knocked on the door, ignoring Brielle sitting in the living room, almost eager to
announce that Brielle had a man hidden in her room.
"Brielle, you're shameless, bringing home some random guy. Does your fiancé know about this?" Emily spat out.
Brielle sat on the sofa, a smirk playing on her lips, imagining the shock. on Emily's face if Max were to emerge right then.
Venom filled Emily's eyes, and she had Spencer's contact at her fingertips. Why not call him over and catch them in the act? Without hesitation, she whipped out her phone and dialed Spencer's number. Chapter 95
###Chapter 95
Chapter 95
Spencer picked up the call quickly, already at his suburban villa, having just had sex with Lillian, a way to soothe her.
Lillian lay gently in his arms, yet she couldn't shake the desire to reach out to Max. She had to find a chance to talk to him.
The ringtone of her phone broke her train of thought. As the name. Emily flashed on the screen, a dark gleam crossed her eyes.
Spencer knew Emily worked at Dorsey International. Lillian had mentioned her before, but he hadn't expected her to call him directly. "What's up?"
Emily looked triumphantly at Brielle and raised her voice, "Mr. Spencer, I'm at Brielle's place. Is the man in her bedroom you?"
Spencer's grip on the phone tightened instantly, his tone turned menacing, "What man?"
"There's a man in Brielle's bedroom, but the door's closed. I thought it. was you. If it's not you, then who could it be? Aren't you two engaged? Could it be she's brought another man home?"
Spencer was seething with rage, feeling utterly humiliated. "That... that bitch's affairs are none of my business! She could parade a hundred men around for all I care!" He hung up without hesitation, his chest heaving with fury.
Lillian was lying right beside him, hearing every word clearly. She was secretly pleased, thinking keeping Emily around was indeed useful.
"Spencer, shouldn't you check it out? Emily's not wrong. Bri is your fiancée, after all. She's been in and out of the police station, now hiding men in her bedroom. If the Dorsey family gets wind of this..." Spencer's chest hurt unbearably, his face paled with anger. He got up to dress, a wildfire of wrath spreading through him.
Chapter 95
How could Brielle stoop so low! What made her different from a prostitute right now!
However, the thought of breaking off the engagement was unbearable. How could he accept that?
The taste of blood was in Spencer's mouth, his breath hot with rage. Once dressed, he clenched his teeth, "Lillian, you don't blame me for not breaking off the engagement?" Lillian stood up and wrapped her arms around his waist, "Whatever decision you make, I'm with you, Spencer. In this life, you're the only
man for me."
Saying such things in this context was implicitly a jab at Brielle's promiscuity.
Spencer was filled with hate and anger, and in the end, he pushed her back onto the bed. "Lillian, you're the best. That... that woman can't even compare to one of your fingers." Only by saying this could he feel a little better.
It was he who rejected Brielle, feeling she was tainted, not that he was the one being abandoned. He wouldn't break off the engagement just to teach Brielle a lesson, to have the engagement hang over her, dragging her down until no other man dared marry her. This was the price for betraying him.
After hanging up, Emily looked triumphantly at Brielle, trying to detect. even a hint of panic on her face, but Brielle sat there calmly, even nonchalant. Seeing that Emily was done, she simply crossed her arms, "Shall we start with the apologies now?"
Emily's face stiffened, her fingertips trembling with anger.
How shameless could this woman be, still so composed after being caught in an affair.
Sophia, unable to stand the atmosphere in the room, felt disgusted by
17.11
Chapter 95
everything around her. Lillian had been right. Brielle was indeed unprincipled.
She took a deep breath, eager to quickly end things here, so without hesitation, she bent down.
"Brielle, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have hired someone to come after you. I hope you can forgive my foolishness."
Sophia had been holding back her emotions from the beginning, and after saying her piece, she waited for Brielle's response.
Brielle looked at Emily, raising an eyebrow, "And you?"
Emily was so angry her face turned ashen, unable to utter a single word.
Brielle not only wanted to dismiss her but also demanded an apology now. It was nothing short of wishful thinking.
"Go to hell! Brielle, I won't let you get away with this."
###Chapter 96
Chapter 96
fist
Emily spun on her heel and departed without another word, leaving Sophia standing there, her face contorted in anger. Clenching her at her side, she spat out, "I've apologized already. If Emily doesn't want. to make amends, that's her business. Can I go now?"
She sneered to herself, thinking about calling Andrew the moment she was out the door to say she'd done her part. After that, how she'd deal with Brielle was nobody's concern. She sure as heck wasn't going to let Brielle off the hook for humiliating her like this.
Brielle pushed herself to her feet, leaning heavily on the cane resting. beside her. "Andrew must have told you both to apologize together. Since Emily's gone, today's little show doesn't count. Find another time, and make sure you both show up."
Sophia was incredulous, feeling like she'd been played for a fool. "Brielle, the only reason I'm standing here is out of respect for Andrew. Who do you think you are, anyway? Without him, someone of your status wouldn't even have the right to speak to me." She was fuming, her face red with rage, yet she bit back her anger, remembering Andrew's instructions.
As Brielle reached the bedroom door, she saw it ajar, with Max about to step out.
Quick as a flash, Brielle slipped through the door and pushed him back
inside.
Outside, Sophia caught just a glimpse of a man's silhouette through the crack before it vanished.
It was too quick, she hadn't seen his face, but she sensed he had an air of distinction about him.
B
Brielle stood inside the bedroom, leaning against the door, and found it amusing to see Max being pushed to sit at the foot of the bed.
"Uncle Max, if you went out there now, in less than an hour, all of Beaconsfield would be buzzing about you and me."
"Afraid?"
Brielle was conflicted, unsure what game this man was playing. He seemed oblivious to the chaos their exposure would bring, not just the tittering gossip but also the potential shock to Michael.
Max could stand tall and unaffected, but what about her? The slightest flick of a wrist from those people could erase her completely.
Her eyelashes fluttered down as her hand, hidden behind her, clenched tight, her nails digging into her palm. "Not now, at least," she murmured, avoiding his gaze.
Sophia, oblivious to the undercurrents in the bedroom, was left cooling her heels and eventually left in a huff.
Descending the stairs, she couldn't resist dialing Emily's number. There was no answer. Sophia was livid. If it weren't for Emily's sudden exit, this whole mess would be over.
In a fit of pique, she blocked Emily's number, vowing never to see that wretch again. As for explaining to Andrew, she'd simply say Emily wasn't cooperative. And if Brielle dared to tattle to him, Sophia would just spill the beans to Tessa, who, with a mere flick, could make
Brielle's life a living nightmare.
Content with her plotting, Sophia scoffed and made her way out.
Upstairs, Brielle approached Max and began to pat him down. Finding his phone, she looked up at him. "Uncle Max, can I borrow your phone
for a call?"
Personal items like phones were off-limits to others, but given Brielle's soft tone and fluttering eyes, Max relented.
She took the phone, unceremoniously grabbing his hand to unlock it with his fingerprint, then dialed Andrew's number. It was eight o'clock in
17.12
the evening, and Andrew was at the Tequila Sunset, having attended the welcome party.
However, he didn't particularly enjoy the so-called welcome party, so he just made a brief appearance and found a corner to sit down. Seeing Max's call, Andrew raised an eyebrow in curiosity. Alivia, who was with him, assumed Max was coming over and smiled. "Is Max heading this way?" she asked.
Andrew shook his head and answered the call. "Max, what's up?”
But instead of Max's voice, a woman's voice came through the line.
"Mr. Clements."
###Chapter 97
Chapter 97
Andrew froze for a second, his reflexes kicking in as he swiftly turned off the speakerphone. Brielle was actually using Max's phone to call
him?
Max was a man who prided himself on his privacy, always loathed anyone touching his personal belongings, and yet, here he was, letting her get away with this much.
Andrew was a moment too late; Alivia had already caught a snippet of Brielle's voice. Her brows furrowed, doubt crept in. Had she misread the display? It definitely flashed Max's name, but the voice emanating from it was unmistakably feminine.
And Andrew's hasty move to silence the speakerphone only served to fan the flames of her suspicion. Her face cooled, fingers pinching the stem of the wine glass, silent, eyeing Andrew.
Andrew, trying to appear unfazed, continued, "What's up?"
The corners of Brielle's lips curled, "You promised me, Mr. Clements. You wouldn't go back on your word, would you?"
Andrew frowned, puzzled by her cryptic message.
Brielle added, "Sophia and Emily showed up. They mocked me a bit and
left."
Andrew snorted quietly. He couldn't quite figure out if Max was by her side, and he didn't want to tarnish the brotherhood by throwing shade
at Brielle.
But if he complained about Max spoiling Brielle too much, especially with Alivia right there, she'd certainly overhear.
Andrew was seething, his facial muscles tensed, "They mocked your and apologized, didn't they?"
"They did, but I wasn't satisfied. You know, Mr. Clements, my face nearly got disfigured this time. And I even broke my leg. Uncle Max has been absolutely distressed over it."
Oh, the nerve of her. Andrew felt his scalp tingle with irritation. Standing up from the couch, he walked towards the door, voice lowered, "What do you want, exactly?"
As he spoke, he moved to the exit, his tone harsher, "Don't think you can ride on Max's current favor, Brielle. Save yourself some future trouble. What if Max gets tired of you? Do you really want to burn all your bridges?"
Offending him would get her anything good.
"Mr. Clements, didn't you make a promise in front of Uncle Max himself? What's this, a change of heart?"
Andrew had now left the private room, the surrounding quietness making his voice even clearer. He lit up a cigarette, chuckling with a hint of venom in his eyes, "Is Max with you?"
Brielle glanced over, poking Max's shoulder, "Uncle Max, say something."
Max knew she was doing this on purpose, but he had to admit, he rather liked Brielle's cunning ways. She was so vivacious.
Brielle stuck out her tongue, unable to resist a lick of her lips, eyes locked on him, "Uncle Max?"
Max's breath hitched, his fingers gripping the back of her head, pulling her down into a kiss, grinding against those plump lips.
"Mmm."
Brielle tried to pull away, but the firm hand on the back of her head kept. her in place. She relaxed into it, humming softly.
The call continued, and Andrew's fingertips held a cigarette. Just as he
was about to put it in his mouth, he heard a suppressed moan from the other end.
His hand paused, suspecting a trick of his mind, he couldn't help but glance down at the screen. It was definitely Max's number, definitely Brielle who had called, and definitely Brielle making those sounds. And the one who could make her sound like that, was definitely his buddy Max, the man known for his stoic distance from women.
###Chapter 98
Chapter 98
Andrew's world seemed to momentarily shatter as he took a deep drag of his cigarette, annoyance edging his voice, "Max, you're just gonna let her reel you in like that?"
Brielle gasped for air, freed from his grip. It wasn't her seducing Max at this point; he had been the one to lean in for the kiss.
Talk about a misunderstanding.
Max's fingers grazed her cheek as he reached for his phone. As he was about to speak, Brielle's lips silenced him again. If Andrew was accusing her of seduction, she might as well own up to it. When the kiss finally broke, she noticed the call was still connected and curiously asked, "Mr. Clements, you haven't hung up yet"
Andrew was lighting his third cigarette, snorting coldly, "I just wanted to see how shameless you could be."
Brielle's lips twitched, finding humor in the situation. Was this tarnishing Max's reputation?
She cleared her throat, taking the phone, "I had no intention of performing for anyone over the phone, Mr. Clements. Perhaps you should focus on how you'll follow through on your promises." A dangerous glint flashed in Andrew's eyes as he growled, "Nobody dares to threaten me like this."
His words had barely faded when Max intervened, "Stop scaring her all the time."
Andrew paused, unintentionally dampening his imposing aura, but quickly got irritated again, "Fine, I'm not scaring her. She seems bold enough to me."
Brielle felt her ears burn. Max's sudden interjection had left her mind
Chap
reeling. She couldn't help but glance at him. His garen were to d detached, as if the intimate moment held no sway over him.
Her heart ached, and she averted her gaze. His prevca was bindig like the sun's rays, intense and overpowering. He confined be made her greedy for more. His gaze was chilly, but to her, de les fore igniting her completely, yet his heart seemed as cold as ice fire mes ice, it would surely extinguish, taking her soul along whe
Andrew's voice continued in the background, but Brielle couldnt make out his words-it was probably something about making those two apologize again.
As the call ended, the room fell silent. The phone was still were in her grip, her inner turmoil raging like a storm at ses, while Ver
nonchalantly stood up, I've got an international conference ten"
His fingers, cool to the touch, plucked the phone from her heated calm Brielle felt as if he had stripped away her warmth as well.
Max always seemed in control, eager one second and indifferent the next, as if he could walk away at any moment, without a care in the world.
Brielle lowered her eyes and when she looked up again, a smile was plastered on her face. "I suppose Mr. Dorsey won't to me firing Emily?
"Just submit the reasons for her dismissal to HR
"Right, I'll send it over in a bit."
She followed him into the living room where Patrick was already waiting, a crisp new suit jacket in his hands. Patrick quickly averted his gaze when they emerged together. Max took the jacket from Patrick and went to change.
Brielle just stood there, surprisingly unsure of what to say, and it wasn't
Chapter 98
until the two were about to leave that she squeezed out, "Mr. Dorsey, take care."
She hobbled to the door on her crutches, seeing Max fitting his earpiece, ready for his meeting. She should be content. Despite his busy schedule, he still took the time to indulge her. The thought struck her, and she froze. What was this?
Falling for him seemed to mean waiting hopelessly, nailed in place, full of hope and anxiety, like a forgotten parcel in some corner of a train
station.
She couldn't allow herself to be so vulnerable. If he couldn't give her those three words, she wouldn't ask as well.
###Chapter 99
Chapter 99
Once the room had finally settled into silence, she sent the email to Human Resources, officially terminating Emily's employment. It was late, but the HR department replied swiftly, agreeing to her request. Brielle sighed in relief. She took a couple of days off to rest at home, not returning to the office until her foot was no longer a hindrance to walking. As she parked her car downstairs, a vehicle revved up furiously from behind and rushed forward.
Brielle frowned and quickly swerved the wheel. The other car whizzed past her, crashing into the side of a building nearby. This building was a standard design for Dorsey International, reportedly crafted by an Italian designer, with just the design fees running over a million dollars. As she got out of her car, she spotted Emily stumbling out of the wreck, her forehead smeared with blood. Brielle couldn't help but chuckle. Had Emily been shaken up by Lillian again, taking a bullet for someone else not once but twice?
"Brielle, you actually had the nerve to fire me?"
Brielle had no interest in entertaining such a foolish question. As her supervisor, what was wrong with firing an employee who had tried to
harm her?
The incident that almost ruined Brielle's appearance this time didn't directly involve Emily, but she was the one orchestrating it from behind the scenes. And now, she had come up with another move. Brielle's lips curved into a smile as she unhesitatingly dialed 911. "Attempted murder. Go tell it to the police."
Desperate, Emily lunged forward, attempting to slap Brielle across the face, but her hand was caught mid-air as Brielle pushed her against the
car.
Chapter 99
"Bang!"
Emily felt a sharp pain in her back, and her face contorted in response.
Gritting her teeth, she pulled a dagger from her purse and lunged at Brielle.
Brielle sidestepped and struck Emily's wrist hard. "Have you lost your mind, Emily?"
Emily laughed coldly, as if she wished she could drink Brielle's blood.
"It was Max in the bedroom that day, right? Lillian told me. You whore, how dare you-I'm going to end you! I won't be at peace until you're dead."
The dagger clattered to the ground, and only then did Emily realize that. Brielle had some self-defense skills.
Brielle found it amusing that Lillian had some talent after all, having guessed correctly that it was Max in her bedroom that day. She smiled. faintly and said softly to Emily, whose face was a contorted mask of rage, "Since you know it was Max in the room, you should also know that he permitted me to fire you. And considering how hysterical you were that day, do you really think he'd have any interest in you?" What a stab to the heart. Brielle knew exactly what Emily cared about. most and targeted it mercilessly.
The last trace of color drained from Emily's face as she stood frozen in place. Max had allowed her firing? Max had been hiding in a woman's bedroom?
How's that possible? He was untouchable!
Tears welled up in Emily's eyes. "Aren't you afraid I'll tell Spencer? You seduced his uncle; you're insane. Max would never want you-you're filthy." Brielle raised an eyebrow and slowly released Emily's wrist. "The fact is,
17:12
29
he's quite satisfied with me in bed."
Her words were like knives, leaving Emily bleeding inwardly. Even as she was escorted away by the police, she hadn't recovered, looking as wilted as a dried-up flower.
As the handcuffs clicked around Emily's wrists, Brielle could hear her mumbling.
"Impossible... impossible... He would never want you. He would never touch you,"
When the police were forcing her into the car, Emily suddenly thrashed like a madwoman. "Don't you gloat, Brielle! I'll see your downfall. Do you think Max would love you? You're just a fling, nothing more. He'll discard you like trash, just like he will with me-ha, ha, ha, ha, ha..."
Her hoarse cackling was eerie.
Brielle stood still, understanding now why Emily was so easily manipulated by Lillian. Her obsession with Max was bordering on madness; the slightest spark could set her aflame.
The momentary satisfaction was followed by discomfort. Emily's fate seemed to be reminding her, "Look, this is your future. This is the consequence of liking Max."
Taking a deep breath, she warned herself never to end up like that.
Chapter 100
###Chapter 100
Chapter 100
As Brielle walked into the department, all eyes swung her way-word had spread like wildfire that Emily had been let go, but what no one knew was the drama that had just unfolded downstairs.
She grabbed the file handed to her and scanned it, finding it detailed a new project-an investment evaluation for a company named Alpha. She thought she must have read it wrong, and flipped through the thick stack of papers again.
It was indeed Alpha.
Though Dorsey International had long branched out into diverse operations with numerous businesses, this was their first foray into internet companies.
Rubbing her temples, she had a hunch that this move wasn't Max's brainchild. Probably, because of the scandal that had leaked about the building, the board was panicking, fearing Max's scrutiny, and was eager to show some results.
In the afternoon, she was summoned to a meeting on the top floor. Stepping out of the elevator, she overheard some gossip.
"Didn't the media just catch Ms. Alivia? When did she come back from abroad?"
"Did you notice the rosary on her wrist? It's identical to the president's. They must be a set."
"I heard Mr. Dorsey personally visited Ms. Alivia's research institute. Seems like he's interested in investing in a project she's involved with."
"Never thought Mr. Dorsey was the type to splurge for a lady love."
"Well, you've got to consider who she is. Ms. Alivia is top-notch in every way, and they've been childhood sweethearts."
Chapter 150
The buzz grew louder and more animated.
Max had never been one for tabloid fodder. His interviews in the financial papers were terse and to the point. Celebrities looking to latch onto his success had no inroad, and within the social circles of Beaconsfield, one couldn't even snag his contact information.
Brielle, who rarely paid heed to celebrity news, couldn't help but stealthily check her phone. There was no mention of Max, just a side shot of Alivia brushing her hair aside, revealing that telltale string of beads.
Phrases like "golden couple" and "match made in heaven" were thrown around with abandon. She pocketed her phone, struggling to maintain composure, and took her seat.
Max was absent, and the directors' voices were louder than usual.
Especially Ryan, who should have been ousted, had wormed his way back in while Max was away.
And with Max's two other brothers on the board, the atmosphere was tense. However, Ryan, shameless as ever, had pushed this new project
to the forefront.
"Alpha has been around for years. Their CEO approached me privately last night, inquiring about investment from Dorsey International. I've reviewed the data and believe this to be a promising endeavor." Ryan's audacity knew no bounds. Even as others around the table scowled, he dropped Michael's name to silence any dissent.
"The CEO of Alpha and I go way back. I promised Dad that if we could triple the profits this time, he'd let me return. So I hope everyone will
cooperate."
Ryan's smug expression made it clear he was determined to succeed, gesturing everyone to view the presentation on the big screen. "This overview shows Alpha's main business areas: social networking, online gaming, digital advertising, and others. Their social network has
over three hundred million users. With our investment, we could own thirty percent of Alpha. Alpha's battle last year is no secret. They were blindsided by a rival company's malware, losing many users. They're on the eve of their final funding round. If Dorsey International invests two billion, we'll be their largest shareholder."
Ryan went on to outline Alpha's potential, making it clear that this project was non-negotiable.
Brielle sat back and laughed softly. The room was silent, making her laughter stand out all the more.
The first to speak was William, pushing up his classic glasses, "What are your thoughts, Brielle?"
William, Michael's eldest and Max's big brother, was known for his scholarly demeanor. He never fought for the spotlight, making his presence often overlooked. But to Brielle, William was more formidable. than the blatantly aggressive Ryan.
In her three years at Dorsey International, Brielle had never heard a bad word about William. He always played the peacemaker, offending no one, with barely passable performance that left no room for criticism.
Like now, while others had shown their displeasure with Ryan, William's face was all seriousness, as if genuinely considering Ryan's spiel.
Now he'd passed the buck to Brielle, letting her be the one to stick her neck out.
###Chapter 101
Chapter 100
As Brielle walked into the department, all eyes swung her way-word had spread like wildfire that Emily had been let go, but what no one knew was the drama that had just unfolded downstairs.
She grabbed the file handed to her and scanned it, finding it detailed a new project-an investment evaluation for a company named Alpha. She thought she must have read it wrong, and flipped through the thick stack of papers again.
It was indeed Alpha.
Though Dorsey International had long branched out into diverse operations with numerous businesses, this was their first foray into internet companies.
Rubbing her temples, she had a hunch that this move wasn't Max's brainchild. Probably, because of the scandal that had leaked about the building, the board was panicking, fearing Max's scrutiny, and was eager to show some results.
In the afternoon, she was summoned to a meeting on the top floor. Stepping out of the elevator, she overheard some gossip.
"Didn't the media just catch Ms. Alivia? When did she come back from abroad?"
"Did you notice the rosary on her wrist? It's identical to the president's. They must be a set."
"I heard Mr. Dorsey personally visited Ms. Alivia's research institute. Seems like he's interested in investing in a project she's involved with."
"Never thought Mr. Dorsey was the type to splurge for a lady love."
"Well, you've got to consider who she is. Ms. Alivia is top-notch in every way, and they've been childhood sweethearts."
Chapter 150
The buzz grew louder and more animated.
Max had never been one for tabloid fodder. His interviews in the financial papers were terse and to the point. Celebrities looking to latch onto his success had no inroad, and within the social circles of Beaconsfield, one couldn't even snag his contact information.
Brielle, who rarely paid heed to celebrity news, couldn't help but stealthily check her phone. There was no mention of Max, just a side shot of Alivia brushing her hair aside, revealing that telltale string of beads.
Phrases like "golden couple" and "match made in heaven" were thrown around with abandon. She pocketed her phone, struggling to maintain composure, and took her seat.
Max was absent, and the directors' voices were louder than usual.
Especially Ryan, who should have been ousted, had wormed his way back in while Max was away.
And with Max's two other brothers on the board, the atmosphere was tense. However, Ryan, shameless as ever, had pushed this new project
to the forefront.
"Alpha has been around for years. Their CEO approached me privately last night, inquiring about investment from Dorsey International. I've reviewed the data and believe this to be a promising endeavor." Ryan's audacity knew no bounds. Even as others around the table scowled, he dropped Michael's name to silence any dissent.
"The CEO of Alpha and I go way back. I promised Dad that if we could triple the profits this time, he'd let me return. So I hope everyone will
cooperate."
Ryan's smug expression made it clear he was determined to succeed, gesturing everyone to view the presentation on the big screen. "This overview shows Alpha's main business areas: social networking, online gaming, digital advertising, and others. Their social network has
over three hundred million users. With our investment, we could own thirty percent of Alpha. Alpha's battle last year is no secret. They were blindsided by a rival company's malware, losing many users. They're on the eve of their final funding round. If Dorsey International invests two billion, we'll be their largest shareholder."
Ryan went on to outline Alpha's potential, making it clear that this project was non-negotiable.
Brielle sat back and laughed softly. The room was silent, making her laughter stand out all the more.
The first to speak was William, pushing up his classic glasses, "What are your thoughts, Brielle?"
William, Michael's eldest and Max's big brother, was known for his scholarly demeanor. He never fought for the spotlight, making his presence often overlooked. But to Brielle, William was more formidable. than the blatantly aggressive Ryan.
In her three years at Dorsey International, Brielle had never heard a bad word about William. He always played the peacemaker, offending no one, with barely passable performance that left no room for criticism.
Like now, while others had shown their displeasure with Ryan, William's face was all seriousness, as if genuinely considering Ryan's spiel.
Now he'd passed the buck to Brielle, letting her be the one to stick her neck out.
###Chapter 102
Chapter 102
Even though Brielle had no desire to be entangled with William, she had to admit he was spot on-Max truly held his values in high regard.
Alpha Enterprises' leadership had launched a total of five initiatives last year, sparking a frenzy of competition among the teams. This not only tested their mettle but also fostered a cutthroat culture within the company. In the pursuit of high stakes rewards, employees were more inclined to copy successful models from others, directly transplanting star projects from startup teams. Hence, Alpha Enterprises' growth was always shadowed by a chorus of criticism.
While it was true that business often lacked clear distinctions between "good" and "evil," and sometimes even between "right" and "wrong," it didn't mean that companies should have been devoid of a sense of social responsibility. Companies shouldn't have engaged in
competition without any ethical boundaries, nor should they have behaved without constraints.
For now, Alpha was unscathed simply because a few of its leaders had connections in high places. But in the ever-shifting landscapes of politics and commerce, should their protective canopy fall, a deluge of lawsuits would inevitably await Alpha Enterprises. Dorsey International getting involved with such a company would only attract trouble.
Brielle hung her head, acutely aware of Ryan's glare-cold, mocking, and venomous. The shadows cast by what Ryan brought to her that night were vivid in her memory, and she realized she shouldn't have provoked him. But even if she hadn't done so today, Ryan would never have let her
off the hook.
Ryan narrowed his eyes and switched the content on the big screen. "We invest in a company based solely on its potential profitability. Other considerations are irrelevant. These are the strategies for the future given to me by Alpha's leaders. Take a look before we make any decisions."
17:14
Chapter 102
Originally, Brielle had thought Alpha might go bankrupt and restructure. within the next two years. But after seeing the strategy, she suspected they might barely last another year.
Ryan was too eager to turn his fortunes around with this investment, and given his longstanding friendship with Alpha's president, he had overlooked crucial details.
She frowned and slowly put down her pen. To be honest, the strategy was beautifully crafted, a carefully polished piece.
Ryan went on with more talk, each sentence more professional than the last, before finally turning off the big screen.
"Alpha chose Dorsey International because of a personal connection. with me. We absolutely can't miss this opportunity."
Brielle's eyelids lazily twitched as she spoke up in a soft voice, "Investing two billion is a huge sum. Surely it would require Mr. Dorsey's approval, right?"
Otherwise, what was Max, the president, but a mere figurehead? How could Ryan be so bold?
Caught off guard by Brielle's blunt question, Ryan struggled to produce the explanation he had prepared. He had planned to break up the investment into smaller portions, like the previous building deal, to avoid requiring Max's approval. Knowing Max's reputation for integrity, Ryan guessed that just seeing his name, Ryan, would prompt Max to reject the project outright.
Sensing Ryan's hesitation, Brielle couldn't help but smile. "It is such a major project. Mr. Ryan, are you thinking of bypassing Mr. Dorsey and going straight in? It hasn't been long since the building scandal, and several here are still on Mr. Dorsey's list. If you were to proceed like this, it might be difficult to explain to Mr. Dorsey."
Ryan took a deep breath, wishing he could wring Brielle's neck. He clenched his teeth and turned to William.
17:14
Chapter 102
"This project is truly worth the investment, but Max will dismiss it the moment he sees my name. Maybe we can handle this like last time. The building incident is done, and we can't undo it, but if we triple the profits this time, we'll recover all the losses from that project. What do you think?"
Brielle also looked at William, curious how he would respond without offending Ryan.
William smiled, removing the glasses perched on his nose, revealing fine lines at the corners of his eyes. Despite his impressive upkeep, the signs of his fifty years were inevitable.
"Brielle has a point. If we go ahead with this, it'll be tough to explain to Max. Why not have Brielle gauge Max's stance on the matter?"
Without hesitation, he pushed Brielle, the one with no connections, into
the line of fire.
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103
William's move could be described as killing two birds with one stone. In his view, Brielle, who had an engagement with Spencer, would sooner or later stand on Ryan's side. By nudging her into the spotlight, if she managed to ruffle Max's feathers, and he decided to yank the director's title from her, William's son, freshly back from abroad, could slip right into that coveted role.
However, once Max learned about the building scandal playing out again, he was bound to start a thorough investigation. Ryan, the one who proposed this project, couldn't escape the repercussions. Face it, when Max decided to hold someone accountable, not even his father's prestige can shield them. After all, Max held the reins with more than fifty percent of Dorsey International's shares; he didn't need anyone's approval.
But in all his scheming, William overlooked one small detail-the relationship between Brielle and Max.
Brielle was itching to wrap up the meeting, so when William suggested she reach out to Max, she feigned difficulty. "Mr. Dorsey's tied up in meetings, and I, uh, don't have his direct line. But I could try shooting him an email," she said, deliberately mentioning she didn't have Max's contact to prevent Emily from going ballistic and leaking some scoop about her and Max.
The last thing she needed was the Dorsey clan getting suspicious. By openly admitting she had no private dealings with Max, she was effectively inoculating herself against any future doubts from the Dorseys gathered there.
Ryan was visibly irked by the turn of events, but with William's words. hanging in the air, any further debate would only prolong the meeting indefinitely. He shot Brielle a look, silently asking her to stay behind. And she did just that. Once the room cleared, leaving only the two of
Chapter 109
them, the air felt charged.
"Brielle, has Spencer been chatting you up about work lately?" he asked, a veiled reminder that she had snatched the position from Spencer and that it was only a matter of time before it would be returned. Brielle had to laugh. She looked him straight in the eye. "You should know your son's true colors better than anyone."
Spencer wasn't cut out for business. The only reason he'd landed the director gig in the first place was thanks to Max being out of the country and Ryan's behind-the-scenes maneuvering. Now that Max. was back and taking things seriously, Spencer's incompetence was laid bare for all to see.
With no one else around, Ryan stepped closer and lowered his voice, issuing a thinly veiled threat.
"Brielle, as long as you're in Beaconsfield, you're in my world. I'd advise you to play nice, don't cross me."
Brielle's grip tightened on her pen, pausing mid-scribble.
Ryan mistook her silence for fear and retreated with a self-satisfied look. "I know how fond you are of Spencer. You've always looked out for him. Just toe the line, and I'll make sure he treats you right. He's young and restless, that's all."
It was as if he was saying, give Spencer time to sow his oats, and I'll make him come around to you, but that was contingent on Brielle adding value to the family.
She nearly gagged at the thought but knew better than to confront him. head-on. If Ryan decided to crush her, she stood no chance.
Taking her silence for compliance, Ryan pressed his advantage. "You can get Max to sign off on the Alpha project, right?" After all, Max did seem to have a soft spot for her.
A sharp glint passed through Brielle's eyes as she slowly lifted her
head. "I'll do my best."
Ryan seemed pleased with her response and left the conference room.
Once the door clicked shut, Brielle finally set the pen down. Getting Max. to invest in Alpha? Ryan was seriously underestimating him. The figures Ryan presented today might look good on the surface, but they wouldn't stand up to scrutiny.
Alpha might appear profitable, but its free cash flow was pitifully low.
Max's knack for precision in his acquisitions and investments came from a deep understanding of free cash flow and core values. The intrinsic value behind a company's stock was its ability to generate free cash flow. The long-term state of a company's free cash flow was the true measure of its investment worthiness. Clearly, Alpha was failing on this front.
Brielle returned to her desk and composed an email to Max. After much deliberation, she couldn't resist sending just a period. It wasn't until the end of the workday that she received a reply- a single question mark.
Despite a day heavy with gloom, that question mark somehow lifted her spirits. She chuckled, typing back, [Uncle Max on a business trip for a few days?]
No response.
She lingered in the office until nine, working overtime and awaiting his answer. Before shutting down her computer, she sent over the meticulously prepared Alpha company data.
Back in her apartment, she powered up again to find his reply. This time, two question marks.
Anyone else might find his brevity dismissive, but Brielle sensed a hint of intimacy in those punctuations. For someone as serious as Max, it was probably the most casual email exchange he'd ever had. She flashed a wry smile.
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104
[Ryan wants to invest two billion in Alpha, and he thinks I can sway you. Uncle Max, does he overestimate me or underestimate you?]
[No investment.]
Max's reply came quickly, a curt two-word dismissal. Just like when Brielle had sent her initial email, his emotionless response had been a flat rejection.
She licked her lips, unable to suppress the mischievous thought. [Seems I don't have the charm to cloud Uncle Max's judgment.]
As she sent the email, her palms were damp with sweat. It was a bold flirtation, her heart a mix of sour trepidation and sweet anticipation.
There was no reply from Max.
While waiting, Brielle researched more about Alpha. Whether they invested or not, appraising the company's value was her department's responsibility.
At midnight, she dragged her weary body to shower. Returning, a new email awaited her a string of digits, presumably, Max's private
contact.
Saving the number, she glanced at the clock and texted him. [Uncle Max, is this business trip going to be a long one? Otherwise, Ryan wouldn't dare show up at the office. He was just demoted. His brazen return must mean he's sure Max's tied up elsewhere.
Max glanced at the stack of documents on his desk as his phone.
chimed.
Across from him sat several middle-aged men in sharp suits, negotiating with Alivia. Confidence graced Alivia's face as she
Chapter 104
multitasked, her eyes stealing glances at Max. Once the men left, Alivia stood, poured him a coffee, and ventured, "I didn't expect you to invest in my professor's protégé, Max. Is this for me?"
Her mentor was a big name in the industry, and any investment in his students would naturally involve her mediation. She'd mentioned a software developed on campus by the student during a past visit to Beaconsfield, piquing Max's interest. He'd asked for the technical details and plans, but Alivia insisted on delivering them personally, which delayed matters.
Now, her professor inquired, and she seized the opportunity to accompany Max abroad to the research facility, creating a chance for
them to be alone.
During the meeting, Max had been quietly listening while replying to an email. Was it an internal company message? She couldn't help but recall the fleeting face from their last video call.
Alivia never worried about someone stealing Max away. Ever since they emerged as talents in their respective fields, their families saw them: as a pair. Her motivation was fueled by the name Max alone. She aspired to be the woman by his side, and she quietly thwarted any Beaconsfield socialite foolish enough to express interest in him.
How could those women, obsessed with fashion and perfume, ever
match Max?
Hearing his phone, Alivia noticed Max's typing pause as he reached for
1. it.
Max rarely used his phone beyond making calls. To him, texting was a time-waster. But Alivia clearly saw him contemplating in front of the screen, as if considering how to respond to the other party.
A flicker of unease stirred within her, and she couldn't help but ask, "Something from the company? I thought you don't like to handle things via phone?"
###Chapter 105
Chapter 105
Max finally looked up at her. He'd been sitting there for the better part of the evening, and this was the first time he'd actually made eye contact. That was just Max being Max, so Alivia didn't think anything of
1. it.
"Personal stuff."
That was all Max said, two words, before he lowered his head to reply to a message. [I'll try to get back home early.]
After sending it, he set his phone down and turned back to the documents beside him.
He had pretty much gone through all the files about the new app, and the venture capitalists had shared their insights. In summary, the app, currently valued at a mere billion dollars, was indeed a worthy
investment.
Even Alivia thought so, considering the app's developer was one of the industry's leading tech gurus, with hundreds of millions of users in the States alone.
Under normal circumstances, such a valuation wouldn't have
demanded Max's personal attention, but what he was really interested in was the app's potential impact on international lifestyles. Plus, the developer's mentor was the same as Alivia's-a titan of the industry-so naturally, the project was infused with plenty of professional advice.
Max closed the folder and noticed a new message on his phone.
[Added you on WhatsApp. Accept, please.]
Max didn't even use WhatsApp. He'd registered once, but the flood of contact requests was overwhelming, so he deleted the app. His life revolved around work, with no time for idle chitchat.
He frowned, deliberating for a moment, before finally relenting and redownloading WhatsApp.
Alivia caught this out of the corner of her eye and her expression darkened. Max, chatting with someone?
She bit her lip, pushing her coffee towards him, "Max, my friend wants to meet with you to discuss the investment in detail."
Her fingers clenched tightly on the table as she pulled out her phone, "So you're finally getting WhatsApp? My brother and his friends have been complaining for ages. What made you change your mind? Let me add you first. I want to be the first on your friend list."
"Alivia." Max logged in, his voice cool and eyes half-closed, "I don't really use it, so there's no need to add me."
His tone was nonchalant, and as soon as he logged in, he saw Brielle's friend request. At the same time, there was a whole slew of
requests-from Andrew, from Kenzo. He ignored them, searching for Brielle's message and accepted it.
Brielle was surprised by how quickly he accepted, feeling unexpectedly flattered. She wanted to continue the conversation, but glancing at the time, realized it was late and sent a message through WhatsApp instead.
[Goodnight.]
Max didn't reply, just looked at Brielle's profile picture. It was a hexagonal snowflake.
Alivia was sneaking glances the whole time, her hand tightening in her lap.
Who was that in the profile picture? She racked her brain, running
through nearly every woman in their circle, but couldn't come up with anything.
Meanwhila May had already flinned bis abono L
his wristwatch clinking softly against the surface. That sound softened Alivia's heart, and she cleared her throat.
"Should we go see my friend now? His app has been valued at a billion dollars by companies after less than six months, and several venture. capitalists are looking to invest."
"Alivia, I have my own plans."
Every time he said her name with that crisp, clear voice, Alivia felt like. melting. She was so into Max, had been since they were kids, and no one was going to stop her from marrying him. If any other woman dared to encroach, Alivia would ensure she regretted ever setting foot on this earth.
"Max, if you don't have other plans tonight, maybe you could tour my research institute? The team has a lot of projects they're working on."
"No need. I'm flying back home in two hours."
Alivia's expression froze. Wasn't he supposed to stay for half a month?
Then she thought of the owner of that profile picture-perhaps that had something to do with his change of plans.
Whether it was a man or woman, she was seething with jealousy.
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106
Alivia managed to keep her emotions in check as she responded, "Alright, I'll keep a close eye out for you. My friend trusts me implicitly, since I offered some solid advice during the initial development of the software. He's willing to wait for your offer."
Max rubbed his temples wearily, "If another company comes in with a decent proposal, tell him not to worry about Dorsey International."
Alivia thought she had misheard. Reflexively, she blurted out, "What?" Was he implying that he wasn't interested in her friend's project?
Impossible. With so many venture capital firms on Wall Street drooling over this financing opportunity, who wouldn't want in? Creating at billion-dollar value in less than six months was an extraordinary feat in
any industry.
The conference room door swung open, and Patrick stepped in. "Sir, your tickets are all set."
Max nodded and rose slowly from his seat. "There's something in the report I'm not too thrilled about-he's relinquished control of his company."
Following behind him, Alivia wondered if her friend's willingness to give up control wasn't a positive thing. With Dorsey International investing, wouldn't that give them majority control? Wouldn't the company's future. then be at the discretion of Dorsey International, and wasn't that something Max should be pleased about?
"Max." She couldn't help but reach out and tug at his sleeve. "This developer and I have a great relationship. Even if you're not planning to invest, couldn't you at least meet him? Maybe if you heard his thoughts in person, you might change your mind."
She didn't want to miss this chance to forge a closer connection with Max, and what she hadn't told him was that she also had shares in the company. If Dorsey International invested, it would only bind therm closer together. She wanted to weave herself into every aspect of Max's life. "Max, consider it a favor for me."
They had grown up together, and her brother was close to him as well. Max couldn't possibly refuse. That was her confidence.
Indeed, Max turned to Patrick, inquiring about his schedule for the coming month.
Patrick, ever diligent, pulled out a calendar. "There's a meeting right after we land, and it's going to be busy till the start of next month."
Max nodded, reclaiming his sleeve. "I'll come back on the third of next. month."
A smile spread across Alivia's face. "Great, I'll take you for a tour of the research institute then. And hey, you reinstalled WhatsApp, right? You should add me. My brother and the others will definitely want to add
you too."
"I'll do that when I'm back home."
Alivia, completely satisfied, urged him on. "Then you should go, don't want to miss your flight."
She watched him go, barely containing her adoration.
Patrick discreetly looked away, knowing that even the most. accomplished people couldn't hide their emotions when it came to matters of the heart. He followed Max, pondering before finally speaking up. "Ms. Alivia has been waiting for you for years, sir."
But to his surprise, Max asked, "Waiting for what? Investment opportunities aren't exclusive to Dorsey International. She could go to Kenzo just as well."
The corner of Patrick's mouth twitched, and he cleared his throat. "You
Chapter 106
don't suppose Ms. Alivia has feelings for you, sir?"
"I'm aware, but she has rejected the marriage proposal."
"Maybe she lacks confidence."
"It's still a rejection."
Patrick finally understood. Had Alivia not refused that proposal, Max would have accepted. He didn't understand the concept of liking someone, and if there had been an engagement, Max wouldn't have the relationship he currently had with Ms. Brielle. Max's relationship world was all or nothing, and he could never do what Spencer did, which was to have a fiancée and still be entangled with other women. With Max, as long as you got engaged to him, you won, necause he would definitely fulfill his duties as a fiancé.
Having been by Max's side for years, Patrick had come to grasp some of his thoughts, but as for Ms. Brielle, Patrick wasn't so sure.
"What about Ms. Brielle?"
"When all is said and done, I'll give her a sum of money."
The sum Max was talking about was surely no pittance.
Patrick breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed Max genuinely saw Ms. Brielle as a canary he was keeping. Hopefully, Ms. Brielle saw it the same way because hitting a brick wall once was quite enough.
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107
The plane touched down, and Max shook off the jet lag at the Premier Palace before his father's call came through.
"Did you travel abroad with that Alivia girl?"
"Yeah."
"Alivia's all grown up now. In the blink of an eye, you kids are adults. We should set a date for an engagement party soon. She might not say it, but I know she's been waiting for you to bring it up." "Dad, I'm not planning on getting engaged any time soon."
Michael had four sons and a daughter, with Max being the youngest and quite a few years apart from the others.
"You're twenty-six, Max. It's time to settle down. Alivia's been the only one by your side all these years. Don't you like her?"
Max remained silent, unsure of what 'like' really meant.
"Max, it's the same with whoever you marry. Alivia is exceptional, the only one worthy of you, and you're not against the idea. That's enough. She'd make a fine wife for you."
Max flipped through the files on the table, his pale fingers resting on the pages. "I'll think about it."
Michael's furrowed brow relaxed, his voice cheerful. "Good, and there's the matter with your older brother."
"I don't want you meddling in the company business."
With that flat statement, Max shut down anything else Michael might have wanted to say. It was clear that Max was indifferent not only in matters of the heart but even in familial bonds. He was a man seemingly born with a deficiency in certain human emotions, rarely empathizing with anyone. Such a man was destined to be a strategist.
And only he dared to speak so bluntly to Michael.
"I won't interfere. Handle it as you wish. Just make sure you settle things with Alivia, and I'll be content."
After hanging up, Max glanced at his phone, which was bombarded with a string of WhatsApp friend requests. Frowning, he methodically hit 'Decline' on each one. Among them were requests from Andrew and
Kenzo.
In the end, only Brielle's profile picture remained, pleasing to the eye.
Andrew, never one to sit still, promptly called. "Didn't Alivia say you reinstalled WhatsApp? Did you slip up?"
"I don't do small talk."
Andrew paused, propping his legs up on the coffee table, narrowing his eyes. "Who's the one with the snowflake avatar? Not a friend of yours?"
"How did you know?"
"Ha! Alivia's been asking around in the group chat. So you actually accepted this person but rejected me?"
Andrew always had a keen sense for these things, and remembering the voice he overheard on the phone last time, he felt short of breath. "Don't tell me that person is Brielle." Max, ever candid, answered without hesitation, "Yes, it's her."
Andrew laughed in disbelief. "After all these years as friends, Max, is this how you treat me?"
Initially unfazed, Max grew uncomfortable under Andrew's rebuke. For the first time in his twenty-six years, he felt an odd emotion stirring.
"Seriously, Max? I'm going to call Kenzo right now and show him your true colors. And remind him about overhearing you kissing Brielle last time."
Chapter 107
This was the first time Andrew stood up to him. Andrew was genuinely upset. He simply couldn't stand Brielle. What sorcery had she used to get Max to go this far?
Was it just her sneaky game that made Max do her bidding?
Andrew put his feet down. "You've got three minutes to add me as a
friend."
With that, he hung up.
Meanwhile, Alivia had been doing her own sleuthing, ending up at her brother Kenzo's door, feeling unsettled. After asking around and finding no one recognized the avatar, she turned to her brother for
answers.
Kenzo raised an eyebrow at the image, then opened his own list of contacts. He had added Brielle a while back, and her profile picture matched the one in question.
[I saw Max chatting with someone with this avatar, and he refused to add me. Do you know who this is?]
Kenzo smiled slightly as he responded. [No idea.]
[How come no one knows her?]
A gentle glimmer touched Kenzo's eyes as he replied after a moment. [Maybe it's Max's alternate account.]
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108
Alivia's eyes sparkled with a sudden realization, [How could I not have considered that possibility? It must be the case. Otherwise, why would Max accept a friend request?]
After all, he had turned down his own brother and Andrew. It didn't make sense for him to accept a request from a stranger.
Alivia's mood instantly brightened up.
Meanwhile, Kenzo, looking at his rejected message, couldn't help but chuckle before sending another friend 'request. This time, it was accepted. His eyebrows shot up in surprise..
Max, seeing his friend list unexpectedly grow, felt an unexplained discomfort. So, when Andrew sent a barrage of messages, he didn't. reply to any.
He was about to put his phone face down on the table when at message from Brielle caught his eye. It was a voice message, no less, and fifteen seconds long. This was a clear violation of Max's unspoken.
rules.
Even in meetings, he despised long-winded speeches, let alone in private conversations. Without hesitation, he flipped his phone over, deciding not to listen.
Brielle had just woken up and noticed a message from Kenzo. It was the first time he had initiated a conversation with her. Remembering her offer to treat him to a meal, she sent back a voice message, warmly recommending a few restaurants. But she accidentally sent the message to Max, and it was past the two-minute mark to unsend.
After freshening up, she saw Max had replied: [I never listen to voice. messages over ten/seconds.]
Brielle laughed at the message. It was so Max. [Uncle Max, I just sent it to the wrong person.]
17.16
Chapter 108
She forwarded the voice message to Kenzo, then put on a face mask and waited for his reply.
Today was Saturday, her day off. If Kenzo was free, it would be the perfect opportunity to return the favor.
Kenzo sent her an address, and Brielle got ready and headed out.
Three years ago, Kenzo had helped her with research for a paper. Even if it was just a kind gesture, she felt indebted to him.
Back at Premier Palace, after finishing some paperwork, Max inadvertently glanced at his phone.
Sent to the wrong person? Who was it intended for?
He resisted the urge for a long while before finally picking up his phone to listen to the lengthy message. [Hey, I didn't expect you to reach out first. Remember when I said I'd take you out for a meal? I know a couple of great spots, but I'm not sure about your tastes. If you have any favorites, feel free to suggest them.]
The message was sincere and heartfelt.
Max frowned at the documents in front of him, then turned to his assistant Patrick, "Who do you think this message was meant for?"
Patrick had been secretly listening in from the moment Brielle's voice played. Upon hearing Max's question, he felt jittery with anticipation. What surprised him most was Max's sudden use of WhatsApp. Previously, Max had never bothered with the app, and if Patrick needed to contact him, it was either through work email or a private number. Beyond those, Max rarely engaged with social media. Patrick, ever the competent assistant, had collected such basic information as part of his job.
Max looked down, his rational mind telling him not to dwell on such trivial matters. Yet, ten minutes later, he couldn't help but respond.
17.16 M.
Chapter 108
Hmm, who was it for?
Brielle, waiting at a traffic light, sent Kenzo's name back. She was unaware that Max was new to WhatsApp and thought everyone else chatted with him privately just the same. The ease of their back-and- forth conversation didn't strike her as unusual.
Seeing Kenzo's name, Max's lips tightened, his fingers releasing the documents he was gripping.
Kenzo and Brielle?
How did these two, who were worlds apart, end up going out for a meal together?
He couldn't understand his own feelings at the moment, and before he knew it, the message was sent.
[Compile a report on this company for me.]
Brielle, arriving at the restaurant, almost thought Max was teasing her. Did he know she was out to treat someone to a meal?
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109
[Mr. Dorsey, can we do this later?] Brielle sent the message just as she stepped into the restaurant.
Kenzo was sitting in a corner, his pale fingertips resting lightly on the glass tabletop, almost dazzling in their whiteness.
Brielle had always known that Kenzo was a man of great poise. Back at Beaconsfield College, there was a daily queue of admirers eager to confess their feelings to him, but Kenzo always gently turned them down.
He was different from Max. Max seemed unapproachable, so distant that closeness felt like a luxury.
Kenzo, on the other hand, felt close, so close you thought you could reach out and touch him. Yet, he was like warm water flowing through your fingers, moving on without pause, leaving only the memory of heat on your skin.
"Sorry for the sudden invite, Kenzo. Did I mess up your plans?" she asked as she approached.
Kenzo looked up, smiling warmly, "Being invited by you is an honor."
He stood up to pull out a chair for her, then gentlemanly handed her the menu. "Choose whatever you like."
Brielle pushed the menu back to him, "Kenzo, you order. I'm not picky."
Kenzo didn't insist. He ordered unagi eel glazed in a rich sauce and a foie gras sushi roll.
"Kenzo, are you planning to write another script this year?"
As the most talented playwright around, Kenzo's previous scripts had launched many a star's career. Some were catapulted straight to A-list status, thanks in no small part to Kenzo's writing. His standing in the
entertainment world was no less than Max's in the business sector.
"I'm still pondering. I want to craft a mystery this time, so I went abroad for inspiration."
After ordering, he leaned back, hands clasped in front of him, the picture of ease. "You probably don't have time for TV, right? You've been busy since school days."
Brielle ordered a steak for herself, "I've seen your drama series from last year. It was a hit."
"Brielle, you haven't changed a bit."
They had crossed paths at Beaconsfield College when Brielle was graduating and Kenzo had returned to teach for a month.
Brielle spent long hours in the library, often nearly getting locked in. It was during one of those late nights that Kenzo appeared, umbrella in hand, walking through the gentle rain. "Mr. Kenzo," she had greeted him, as Kenzo looked up, key to the library in hand.
It was past eleven, way beyond closing time, but with the downpour, she had no choice but to wait for the rain to ease.
Kenzo unlocked the library door, "Come in and take shelter from the rain. I need to do some research, might be here all night."
That suited Brielle just fine.
She graduated with honors, her thesis showcased on the university website. Kenzo knew her as diligent, earnest, and clear-headed. And she was much the same now.
Brielle ordered a juice, "I have changed, actually. It's you who's the
same."
Kenzo chuckled, "Any other plans today? Want to visit the set after we're done here?"
Curiosity about the filmmaking process tempted her to accept, but then she remembered the text from Max. Right on cue, her phone pinged with a new message. She ignored it, feeling it impolite to check her phone at that moment.
"I'd like to, but Mr. Dorsey unexpectedly asked me to prepare some documents. I have to go back and work overtime."
"On a weekend? Max is really squeezing his employees, huh?"
As he spoke, her phone rang again.
"Sorry, I've got to take this call."
She excused herself, seeing the caller ID flash "Sugar Daddy" - a name she'd whimsically assigned in a moment of madness. Now, with Kenzo's eyes on her, she felt a wave of embarrassment as she
answered.
"Mr. Dorsey."
She could feel her cheeks burning despite her best efforts to remain composed.
Kenzo averted his gaze politely as the door to the restaurant swung open, and Sophia walked in with a few other socialites.
Sophia spotted Brielle on the phone immediately, her mood soured at the sight. Her eyes then caught the man sitting across from Brielle, obscured by potted plants, his white suit just visible. She circled around discreetly until she could see his face, then froze.
Kenzo?
For a moment she thought she was mistaken. How could Kenzo and Brielle be dining together?
She snapped a photo and sent it to her group chat. [Brielle and Kenzo having dinner? Can someone tell me what's going on?]
Chapter 109
After a brief silence, Lillian replied.
[The Barnes family son, Kenzo?]
[That's him. But what's he doing with Brielle?]
Sophia bit her lip, recalling the man she'd seen hiding in Brielle's bedroom. Could it be him?
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110
Sophia felt like she had just stumbled upon the juiciest piece of gossip, and she couldn't resist pulling out her phone to snap a few more pictures. The friends accompanying her noticed her distraction and asked what was up. With a mischievous twinkle in her eye, Sophia shook her head.
It turned out that the one who cuckolded Spencer was none other than Kenzo, and this was simply too explosive to keep to herself.
She was dying to shout this revelation from the rooftops, but then she thought about Kenzo's status and felt a twinge of worry. It was too late though, and the photos she had just shared were already making rounds.
After all, in the social circles of Beaconsfield, there weren't many secrets. A bit of news, especially involving someone as usually discreet as Kenzo, spread like wildfire through dry grass. Within an hour, pretty much everyone knew about Kenzo's intimate lunch with a mysterious woman.
Tessa saw the photo while she was swallowing her bitter medication, almost making her retch. She quickly grabbed a handful of grapes to chase away the taste, her cheeks flushing from the effort. After wiping her mouth and rinsing with some water, she sat by the bay window, lost in thought.
Sophia came in, her eyes brimming with scandal, carrying a box of pastries.
"Tessa, did you see that photo? Brielle and Kenzo out for lunch, and they looked cozy as can be. I told you Brielle was no good. I'm really worried she might make a move on Andrew."
Sophia set the pastries on the table, her face a mask of innocence while she stirred the pot. "Emily ends up behind bars because of her,
and if Andrew insists I apologize to Brielle again, what will I do? I can't end up in the clink with Emily."
Tessa's heart softened when she saw the pastries were her favorite flavor. "Why would Emily be in jail?" she asked, genuinely puzzled. After all, Emily was part of the Hatfield family, and they wouldn't just stand by idly.
Sophia's eyes gleamed with the thrill of gossip as she opened the pastry box.
"I just heard about it too. Apparently, Emily went after Brielle with a knife, and Brielle called the cops. Emily's been charged with attempted assault and might be locked up for a while." That kind of record would make Emily a laughing stock once she got. out, which was probably part of Brielle's plan.
Tessa elegantly scooped a piece of the pastry with a golden spoon and savored a bite. She had never met Brielle, but anyone who could snag Kenzo was clearly no pushover. She wouldn't allow anyone to threaten her position in Andrew's heart. He needed only to cherish her, and that was enough.
"Sophia, you don't need to apologize to Brielle. I'll speak to Andrew," Tessa assured Sophia, who exhaled in relief, a smug look crossing her face.
"Tessa, I knew you were the best."
Tessa smiled and set down the spoon. "So, the whole circle knows about Kenzo and Brielle now?"
Sophia nodded. The photo she had sent out had already been forwarded to several chat groups.
"Sophia, send that photo to Spencer personally, and to the Haywood family as well. Don't forget Faith. She adores her son Spencer. When she sees Brielle so blatantly cuckolding him, she won't stand for it." This was Tessa's way - using others to deal with Brielle, a bloodless
coup.
"Don't worry, Tessa. I'm on it."
Sophia was Tessa's loyal sidekick, immediately sending out the well-angled photos that she had taken, designed to suggest a liaison.
Before Brielle even knew what was happening, her photo with Kenzo was the talk of the town.
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111
"So, does this mystery script also incorporate reflections on human nature?" In the restaurant, Brielle talked with Kenzo about the new script he was currently working on. It was rare for Brielle to engage so openly with someone of the opposite sex, and her genuine smiles and the clear light in her eyes were a testament to how much she was enjoying their conversation.
"Like, how should one live their life? Pursuing happiness or sticking to duties - which is the right course of action? Is indulgence the correct path? Should we blindly follow the truths. professed by experts? Does an individual have the right to make their own choices? Should the majority opinion dictate the political narrative? Your previous scripts touched on these themes, but my favorite has to be the one from last year."
She had watched that drama series the previous year, not merely to flatter him, but because she had thoroughly researched and admired it.
Kenzo looked up, his fingers idly tracing the rim of his mug, "I liked that script too. I didn't even want to adapt it into a TV show at first; I felt like no actor could embody the protagonists the way I envisioned them. Luckily, the casting turned out to be a success in the end."
"In my eyes, you are a true artist," Brielle remarked, echoing the conclusion she had reached back in the library.
Kenzo, hailed as a genius scriptwriter, had many sought-after scripts under his belt, each selling for millions. During interviews, he had even confessed that his adapted TV scripts were not his most satisfying works; the ones he valued most had been destroyed by his own hands.
He spoke these words with a nonchalant smile to the cameras, having created a world, seen its beauty, and then, with a touch of pride and fulfillment, razed it to the ground.
Even if Kenzo hadn't been born into the prestigious Barnes family, his character would likely be the same - like a romantic outlaw or the grandeur of ruins.
He wrote of his ideals; though they might be impoverished, mundane, or outdated, they were ideals nonetheless, lending him an extraordinary allure that was independent of his lineage.
"That's why you've never changed," Brielle mused, stirring her coffee as her eyelashes fluttered down.
Her phone rang at that moment, her brow furrowed upon seeing Spencer's name flashing across the screen, and without hesitation, she hit decline.
Spencer was relentless, calling again immediately. He's like a lion in fury, if Brielle were before him now, he would have been hard-pressed not to strangle her.
Just a minute earlier, his drinking buddies had tagged him in a group chat, bombarding him with photos of Brielle dining with Kenzo.
Enraged, Spencer's face turned crimson as he kicked over the coffee table at home. He couldn't fathom how this woman, whom he had dismissed, could be associated with Kenzo, who,
1/2
17:17
Chapter 111
despite his amiable demeanor, was innately aloof.
Fuming, Spencer learned the diner's location and drove there, intent on confronting the presumptuous woman who, in his eyes, had become too brazen because of his previous leniency. Unaware of Spencer's approach, Brielle rose to settle the bill only to be informed that it had been taken care of.
Kenzo waited by the door, casually draping his jacket over one arm, "I've got a membership card here, gets me a 20% discount. No sense in not using it."
A smile broke across Brielle's face. Mr. Kenzo couldn't possibly care about saving a few dollars on a meal. It was just his gentlemanly instincts that wouldn't allow a lady to pay.
"Then let me transfer you the money, minus the discount," she offered.
Kenzo's lips curved in a gentle smile, "No need. Next time I'm working on a variety show script, just give me some feedback, alright?"
"Absolutely," Brielle agreed readily, "I'm more than happy to help out."
As they were speaking, a flashy sports car pulled up nearby, causing Brielle's heart to skip a
beat.
Spencer emerged from the car, his face a mask of fury. Spotting the pair chatting amiably, he strode over.
"Brielle!" he bellowed, his face contorting with rage, "Just how many times do you plan on making a fool out of me? Have you no shame?"
He turned his scornful gaze to Kenzo, his voice dripping with sarcasm, "You don't really think Kenzo would fall for you, do you? Ever heard about Tiffanie and him? You think he gave Tiffanie a second glance, even after all she did for him? Let's get real, he wouldn't bother with you even if you threw yourself at him. Don't get too carried away."
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112
Brielle's expression darkened, but before she could utter a word, Kenzo interjected with a counter. "Mr. Spencer, do you always speak so harshly to your fiancée?"
The word "fiancée" struck a nerve in Spencer. The disgust and disdain on his face were as clear as day, as if Brielle were some piece of trash, disgusting to even glance at. "Brielle is just trash. She deserves nothing more than my contempt. Kenzo, don't tell me you've grown a soft spot for her? There are a million women pining for you. Can you even keep track? And remember how Tiffanie got turned down by you in public? Then she went on a spree, living it up. It didn't seem to affect you one bit. Mr. Kenzo, your heart is as hard as stone. What right do you have to judge me?"
Spencer said this with a smug tone, not feeling the slightest bit ashamed for embarrassing his own cousin. In his eyes, Tiffanie was no better-had she any self-respect, she wouldn't have stirred up so many scandals. She and Brielle were cut from the same cloth, utterly lost without
a man.
"Having dinner with Brielle, don't you ever think of Tiffanie? They're the same kind of woman, groveling at men's feet, desperate for attention-it's sickening."
Spencer was speaking out of sheer anger, his words as harsh as could be. By the time he regained his composure, Brielle's slap had already connected.
"Smack!"
It wasn't the first time Spencer had been struck, but this slap carried an unusual force. His cheek stung fiercely, and blood trickled from the corner of his mouth. He felt a bitter mix of self-pity and hatred as he touched his cheek, his chest trembling with rage.
This bitch had hit him again-what right did she have? Wasn't it her own sordid actions that shouldn't be spoken of?
Underneath the thick hate, there was an unmistakable twinge of heartache.
Brielle withdrew her hand, "Had enough, Spencer? Who I sleep with is none of your business. We'll annul this engagement sooner or later. Why the temper tantrum? Are you disgusted by me but also waiting for your turn? Too bad, you're not even on my radar. You've been out of the game from the start, got it?"
Out of the game-such humiliating terms.
Brielle blew on her palm, which had reddened from the force of the slap, then turned to Kenzo.
Kenzo's eyes still held a trace of surprise, probably not expecting her to resort to violence.
"Sorry for the scene, Kenzo. For the reality show script, feel free to contact me anytime. But I've got other matters to attend to, so I'll be leaving."
Kenzo chuckled, feigning a cough, "Sure, I'll get in touch."
1/2
17:17
Chapter 112
Brielle nodded and, without a glance at an astonished Spencer, got into her mid-range car and drove away.
Spencer, touching his face, stared at Kenzo, and wiped the blood from his lip with a sneer, "To fuss over a woman who's been played, Kenzo, I thought you had higher standards." Kenzo found the situation amusing, as Spencer desperately slandered Brielle like a petulant child. The more he seemed to want something, the more he pretended he didn't. Interesting indeed. "Brielle is actually quite intriguing," Kenzo remarked casually.
"Ha, then you must find Tiffanie intriguing as well. Don't think I'm clueless about you two."
Kenzo had no interest in tangling with such a child, resting a hand on the lapel of his jacket, "I am not familiar with Tiffanie." To blame Tiffanie's downfall on him was a miscarriage of justice.
"Please."
Spencer scoffed, turning his gaze away, "Anyway, Brielle is my fiancée, and even if you two tear up the bed sheets, it won't matter. Unless I call off the engagement, you're nothing but a homewrecker."
Kenzo had reached his car when he heard this. He paused, "Mr. Spencer, you should know that as writers, we often lack a moral compass. Sometimes, for the sake of inspiration, we're willing to do anything. I haven't tried the role of a 'homewrecker' yet, but if Brielle is offering the opportunity, I wouldn't rule it out."
Spencer was left speechless, fuming as he watched Kenzo's car disappear into the distance. With a cold expression and for reasons unknown even to himself, Spencer dialed Faith.
"Mom, I've made up my mind. I want to marry Brielle, immediately, right away."
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113
When Faith received the call, she thought her son had lost his mind. She glanced at her phone several times, double-checking that it was indeed Spencer on the line before she managed to calm herself down.
She had also received those pictures and was pondering ways to take out Brielle.
The Sunflower Orphanage sprang to her mind. She had signed a five-year contract, and three years had already passed. If she were to break the agreement prematurely, she would have to compensate Brielle with a hefty sum of two hundred million dollars.
That was too costly for her, but the orphanage was managed by an aging director and was home to a bunch of naive kids. To call them vulnerable would be an understatement. She knew that with a little money, she could send some thugs to make life a living hell for everyone at the orphanage.
Brielle dared to embarrass her son, and Faith was determined she would pay the price. But now, Spencer was insisting they get married as soon as possible, and Faith thought she was hallucinating. "Don't even think about it. That slut has no place in our family. Spencer, I'd rather you be with Lillian. At least she's obedient and treats your word as gospel. But Brielle? Her scandals are all over the social circles. Do you have any idea how embarrassing it is for me? Everyone's been asking me how I plan to handle this mess at our tea parties."
The influence of the Barnes family in their circles was not to be underestimated, and now the scandal also involved Kenzo from the Barnes family.
Faith had been with a group of high-society ladies for afternoon tea when she received the photos, and the embarrassment had driven her to make an early exit. She had never been so eager to distance herself from the plague that was Brielle.
Spencer snapped out of his fury under his mother's scolding and quickly backtracked, "Mom, I was just blinded by anger. I couldn't swallow my pride, so I thought maybe marrying her could be a form of revenge."
Faith scoffed, her eyes flashing with cunning, "I've already figured out how to get back at her. Leave this to me. As for the engagement, I'll talk to your father. If he drops his opposition, your engagement to Brielle will be off in no time." If it hadn't been for Ryan's intervention last time, the engagement would have been called off already..
While Spencer felt a wave of relief, there was an undercurrent of regret, as if he was about to lose something important. He tried to focus on Lillian, to recall the moments they had shared, and finally nodded in agreement, "Alright."
After returning to her apartment, Brielle learned about the photos from a message sent by Aubree.
Aubree was as bold as ever.
1/2
17:18
Chapter 113
[Damn, Bri, is that Kenzo?! Do you know how hard he is to get a hold of? Tons of people in our circles are after him for his TV scripts. I heard he's so obsessed with his work that he once secluded himself in the wilderness for a year. He doesn't even attend social gatherings. And you got to dine with him?)
Kenzo was indeed the type to sacrifice anything for his art - his time, his relationships, even his life. Once, to craft a crime drama script, he even went undercover in a South African organization. Kenzo's understanding of life transcended the ordinary; he sought fulfillment on a spiritual level.
[First Max, now Kenzo, each one a better catch than Spencer, that unlucky charm. You need to kick Spencer to the curb; he's been worn out by Lillian and can't satisfy you anymore.] Brielle blushed at Aubree's brazen words. She glanced at the photos Aubree had sent - the angles were tricky, making it look like there was something between her and Kenzo. Remembering Spencer's comments about Kenzo and Tiffanie, Brielle quickly asked Aubree for
the scoop.
Aubree hadn't heard about any entanglement between the two, and Tiffanie had always been the same since she came of age, never known to have confessed to anyone. But one thing was certain: Tiffanie knew how to party hard, scaring off the young heirs in their circles.
There was a time when a family elder suggested a marriage alliance with Tiffanie, but the prospective groom had theatrically threatened to take his own life to break off the engagement, which eventually fizzled out.
Confused by the whole affair, Brielle decided to focus on her work instead. Just as she was about to boot up her computer, she saw a message from Max. As usual, it was brief. [Documents.]
For some reason, Brielle felt that his mood was off.
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114
Brielle was familiar with the company Book and wasn't quite sure if Max's interest was intentional or accidental. After all, Book's operations were strikingly similar to Alpha's. Was he considering investing in Book? If that was the case, Alpha was definitely out of the running. Ryan's little show was over before it even began.
The thought of Ryan's misfortune brought a wicked smile to Brielle's face. She spent an evening gathering information on Book, but her schadenfreude was cut short when she saw Alivia's name among the related personnel. The rumors online seemed to be true-Max was ready to spend a fortune for his lady love. It was probably the first time in Max's career that his heart weighed in on a business decision. Brielle felt a brief pang of jealousy, but she shook it off and put together a comprehensive file.
The next morning, after rubbing her tired eyes, she sent the file off. Even after a long nap, there was no response from Max.
Not wanting to wait passively for a message, she decided to keep herself busy. After tidying up her apartment, she glanced at the fridge. It was as empty as a ghost town, which gave her the perfect excuse to head out.
Slipping into her jacket, Brielle was about to leave when she caught a local news update about Sunflower Children's Home. Her heart skipped a beat, and she rushed out to her car.
The home wasn't in the heart of Beaconsfield but rather on the outskirts-a two-hour drive
away.
She left at seven and arrived by nine. The familiar sight of the long, sycamore-lined street leading to the home, with its warmly lit windows, brought a sense of warmth to her heart. Parking outside, Brielle noticed several older kids sitting on the steps, wiping away tears. Upon seeing Brielle, they put up a cautious front, arms spread out as if to block the entrance. "Who are you? What do you want?"
During her first year on the job, she had visited the home. The children had been so welcoming, but now all she saw in their eyes was wariness. She had rushed over without any sweets and had to explain, "I'm looking for the director. What happened here?"
One of the boys, with his rosy cheeks stained by tears, realized Brielle meant no harm and his eyes reddened further. "Some drunk guys showed up and started shoving us around. Thank goodness the director shielded us, otherwise..." His voice trailed off into sobs.
Brielle hurried inside and saw the director, Mark, in his seventies, bandaged arm and all, consoling a crying toddler with an apple.
"Mark!" She called out and quickly strode over.
Mark stood up, and his eyes lit up when he saw her, "Brielle, what brings you here?"
1/2
17:18
Chapter 114
She felt a lump in her throat, noticing a bunch of roses by the window-a tradition of the director, who loved to grow roses in the plot behind the home, and kept fish in a small pond. This haven of tranquility was her personal utopia.
Even in the toughest of times, when meals were scarce, and despite witnessing many so-called elites with ulterior motives, this place remained a beacon of beauty. That was why Brielle never hesitated to donate her monthly salary, keeping just enough for living expenses. She would even sign a dubious contract with Faith for the sake of this kind man and his children.
"I saw the news and couldn't rest easy until I checked on you."
Mark chuckled and gestured to a chair, "It was nothing serious, just a few drunks causing trouble. They've been taken away and won't come back. Brielle, you're even more beautiful than the last time I saw you."
"Lillian was here just a moment ago. You girls, always worrying me. You should've called before coming."
Brielle's stomach churned at the mention of Lillian's name. The director thought they were still as close as sisters, speaking with such affection.
"Lillian was so thoughtful, even brought her boyfriend along."
Brielle glanced at the pile of gifts on the table, undoubtedly from Lillian, who always had impeccable presentation. Compared to Brielle, Lillian indeed seemed more considerate, but Brielle didn't care, nor did she want to discuss dirty secrets in front of the director.
"Director, it's not safe for you to be here alone. Maybe I should look into hiring some security guards."
Just as she finished speaking, the children's excited voices could be heard from the entrance.
"Lillian, you're back!"
"Are those guys with you bodyguards?"
Their innocent voices were filled with joy and a touch of coaxing. Then came Lillian's comforting words, "Yes, after tonight's scare, I was worried about your safety. So, I arranged for some security guards to come. They'll protect you if anyone tries to cause trouble again."
Of course, Lillian had enlisted Spencer's help for the bodyguards.
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115
"Lillian, you're the best, seriously. All these treats and even got us bodyguards to watch over us," the children's voices chimed with unrestrained joy.
"We love you the most, Lillian."
The affection from kids was always pure and simple. Showing them kindness, and they would return it twofold.
Lillian stepped through the door, Spencer trailing behind her. When Spencer had heard that Lillian wanted to visit the orphanage, his heart had melted. She was always so kind and pure-hearted, never forgetting her roots even after finding her own slice of happiness, far from the days of the orphanage.
As Lillian entered the hall, her gaze immediately landed on the woman sitting across from the director.
"Bri?" she paused, then slowly approached, "Bri, you're here too?"
Brielle's lips curled into a sardonic smile upon seeing Lillian's familiar face.
All the drama with Emily and Sophia was Lillian's doing, yet here she was, playing the role of the devoted friend. With the director present, Brielle wasn't keen on causing a scene.
Mark glanced between the two women, his face beaming with pride, "You've both grown up so much. Especially you, Lillian, even bringing a boyfriend along. Bri, you should take a break from work now and then, think about settling down yourself."
Spencer hadn't expected to bump into Brielle here. After a moment of discomfort, he puffed up with pride. After all, it wasn't he who had been unfaithful, and he wanted Brielle to see what it was like to have a man who spoiled you rotten.
Like now, for instance, accompanying Lillian to the orphanage late at night and arranging for security through his contacts. Meanwhile, Brielle was on her own. What did it matter if she had all those men? They were just toying with her, tossing her aside like yesterday's news once they were done.
A surge of satisfaction ran through Spencer, and he casually wrapped his arms around Lillian. "Mark, you have nothing to worry about. Lillian's a gem, and I'll take good care of her."
The director, oblivious to the underlying tension, was all the more reassured. "Lillian's been sensible since she was a child. She'd always stick close to Bri, who was mature beyond her years and so quiet. There were folks interested in adopting her back then, but when they wouldn't take Lillian too, Bri refused. She could've left for a new family, but she stayed here for years, all for Lillian's sake, until the Haywoods came along."
Director Mark seemed lost in the past, a nostalgic look crossing his face.
"Bri was in tears, insisting the Haywoods take Lillian too. They were hesitant, naturally. They'd finally found their own daughter, why take on another? But Bri stood her ground, and in the end,
1/2
17:18
Chapter 115
Lillian went with her. I was worried Lillian might be mistreated with the Haywoods, but Bri took good care of her."
He patted Brielle's shoulder as he spoke.
"Bri, you've done well. You never complain, no matter how tough it gets. Now that Lillian's found her place, I worry about you. When you find someone, bring him by. I'll vet him for you."
Lillian squirmed with discomfort at the director's words. She never expected such a candid acknowledgment of her debt to Brielle in front of Spencer. It was unsettling, even if it was the truth. And Spencer, feeling the weight of his arm around Lillian as if it were suddenly scalding, slowly withdrew it.
Brielle, indifferent to the atmosphere between them, looked at Mark with touched eyes.
"Don't worry, director. When I find my other half, I'll be sure to bring him to you."
The director nodded, "You've always been reliable. I know you've taken good care of Lillian after bringing her to the Haywoods. But don't neglect yourself, Bri. You deserve happiness too."
Brielle fought back the tears, touched, "I've indeed looked after Lillian well. Her boyfriend here, I had a hand in that match."
The director looked surprised, then turned to Spencer, "Ah, so Bri introduced you two? Then I'm sure he's a fine man."
Brielle couldn't help but smirk, sensing an unspoken irony between her and the director, "Of course, they're perfect for each other."
A perfect match indeed - a jerk and a slut.
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116
Hearing this, the faces of Lillian and Spencer darkened. Lillian felt like she was being roasted over an open flame, the heat unbearable. Her hand, hanging limply at her side, suddenly clenched, her nails digging into her palm.
That bitch, she had the audacity to insinuate things about her in front of the director.
And the director, he always favored Brielle. Lillian regretted splurging on all those gifts for nothing. Was he blind? Couldn't he see that Brielle hadn't brought anything? And yet he still sided with her?
Taking a deep breath, Lillian maintained a perfect smile on her face. "Mark, these are two bodyguards I've hired for you, so that what happened tonight won't happen again," she said. Mark nodded. "That's very thoughtful of you, Lillian.”
Sensing the conversation finally shift to herself, Lillian quickly gestured towards the items on the table. "These are for the kids. I was in a rush this time and didn't bring much, but I'll have someone deliver more when I get back."
After speaking, she turned to Spencer and playfully grabbed his sleeve, "Spencer, what do you say?"
Spencer reflexively glanced at Brielle, knowing she had long seen through his relationship with Lillian, but this was the first time they were flirting so openly in front of her. At the Haywood family dinner, they had been restrained, but now it seemed they were laying it all out in the
open.
He couldn't quite understand his own feelings; on one hand, he wanted to crush Brielle, on the other, he toyed with the idea that if Brielle showed him any sign of weakness with her eyes, he wouldn't be opposed to playing along.
Brielle wasn't looking at him. Instead, she was helping Mark unpack the items on the table. She adeptly tore open the packaging and started categorizing the items.
He felt a surge of irritation, "Brielle, you came to visit Mark and didn't think to bring anything? What's with the sudden eagerness?"
Brielle paused, thinking Spencer could really be emotionally dim at times. She smiled, "The Haywood family raised Lillian for years, and I introduced you to her. Her money is essentially mine. That bracelet on her wrist? My brother spent a million on it. Why, can't I help unwrap a few thousand dollars' worth of gifts?"
Spencer darkened as he glanced at the bracelet on Lillian's wrist. Lillian awkwardly tried to hide the bracelet, but it only made her look more conspicuous.
Brielle had no intention of letting them off easy, especially since Spencer had been the one to make the nasty comment first. "Besides, the villa Lillian is living in now, don't forget that was a gift from Uncle Max to me. I told her to move out within three days, but she didn't comply. You
1/2
17:18
Chapter 116
just reminded me, tonight I'll contact an agent to sell the house. Make sure the property is legally transferred to my name, otherwise, I'll have to go to Uncle Max for an explanation." Spencer was just venting his frustration, but Brielle had left him speechless with her retorts. Even Lillian felt the awkwardness.
Lillian hadn't realized that the villa was a gift from Max to Brielle. When Brielle asked her to move out, she found it ridiculous; after all, Spencer had bought it for her, what right did Brielle have to kick her out? Lillian's face turned pale. Why would Max give Brielle such an extravagant gift? That villa was worth over twenty million, more than most people make in a lifetime.
Lillian's chest heaved as she glared at Spencer, realizing he didn't refute Brielle's claims-it must be true. Resentment flickered in her eyes. Why did people still help Brielle? Wasn't her promiscuity well known in their circle?
Her lips trembled, and she couldn't meet Mark's gaze.
Mark stopped unwrapping the gifts, his irritation evident as he stared at Spencer, "Spencer, your words were too harsh. I'm happy as long as Brielle is willing to visit me. And the orphanage has been receiving anonymous donations for years now, so we're no longer as destitute as before. The children are well-fed and warm. Plus, it was Brielle who took Lillian away back then, and seeing her thrive now, she should be grateful. As her boyfriend, how could you speak to Brielle like that?"
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117
Spencer felt like he had just shot himself in the foot. And to make matters worse, Brielle wasn't done yet. "Spencer, if you find the house transfer too bothersome, then get a realtor yourself, But I want the money from the sale in my account within a week."
After she finished, she turned towards Mark, her face earnest. "Mark, do you remember the land dispute the orphanage had back then? The agreement's got two more years, and I worry someone might play dirty. We should start saving and scouting for a new location."
Mark remembered that agreement all too well. If it hadn't been for Brielle, they would have been kicked out on their ears three years ago. That incident made Brielle give up a lot, something that weighed heavily on his conscience. As the director, it was his responsibility to secure the future of the children in his care, but somehow, that burden had shifted onto Brielle's shoulders.
Who else but Brielle would agree to spend over two million to secure a future for the orphanage?
Mark was at a loss for words. Should he nobly refuse? But if he did, where would that leave the kids once their time here was up? He personally couldn't care less about material possessions; he could live under a bridge for all his life if it came to that. But these kids were growing, and they couldn't be expected to rough it out on the streets.
He knew Brielle was all about loyalty and honor. She never forgot that to save her, he had sold his own house, and in the process, even his wife had left him.
Mark patted her shoulder, his eyes brimming with tears, "These kids can never repay you." Compared to the millions Brielle offered, the few thousand bucks' worth of trinkets Lillian bought were peanuts. Lillian, wearing her million-dollar bracelet, thought she could win hearts with her petty favors? Not a chance.
Lillian's face had turned an ugly shade of green, her teeth practically grinding to dust. But what could she say? That she wouldn't move? The villa was a gift from Max to Brielle. She had no right to stay. When Brielle had given her three days to move out, Lillian hadn't taken it seriously. Now that Brielle was using Max to push her out, neither she nor Spencer dared .
The more arrogant they had been before, the more pathetic they were now. Even Spencer couldn't find anything to say, just feeling utterly embarrassed.
Brielle didn't have time to deal with these two clowns; she turned back to help Mark with the presents. Not wanting to stick around and further humiliate themselves, Lillian and Spencer made a quick excuse to leave.
Mark, not one to hold a grudge against the young, saw them out personally.
Once in the car, an eerie silence fell between Lillian and Spencer. It was only after they had driven some distance that Lillian, with red-rimmed eyes, finally spoke up. "Did Max really gift
1/2
17:18
Chapter 117
that villa to Brielle?"
Spencer, already in a foul mood, couldn't help but respond sharply. "On the first day Max took charge at Dorsey International, I happened to walk right into trouble, and the villa was then gifted to Brielle as a ceremonial present."
A ceremonial present?
Lillian trembled with envy. She had been Spencer's secret lover for years, bending to his every whim, and all she got was this villa. And Max just casually gifted one to Brielle as a ceremonial present?
VANE
The phrase "ceremonial present" felt like a slap to her face, leaving her emotionally bruised and battered.
"How could Max give such an extravagant gift? What if they're..."
Spencer was quickly losing patience. "Extravagant? He was raking in foreign capital on Wall Street by the time he was sixteen or seventeen. Twenty million is pocket change to him. He's the president of Dorsey International, but nobody knows exactly how much he's earned
abroad."
The young Dorsey crowd admired Max to no end. He was an industry benchmark, a towering figure they could only aspire to. When someone stands too tall, envy gives way to awe.
Spencer's words only fueled the fire in Lillian's heart, spreading heat to her limbs, her eyes burning with desire. If Max were to take notice of her, even the stars in the sky wouldn't be out
of reach.
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118
She had long harbored the ambition to cling to Max's coattails, and Spencer's words only made her want to hasten her stride. "Max has such a standing in the business world. Maybe you should set up a dinner to schmooze him a bit," she suggested, hoping to imply her own presence at the meal.
But Spencer's next comment was like a gavel sentencing her to a grim fate. "Even if I was to arrange a meal, it's Brielle that should be my plus one. The rest of the Dorsey family can mess around all they want, just not in his line of sight. If I were to take you out for dinner with him, I might as well kiss my career at Dorsey International goodbye."
All color drained from Lillian's face, leaving her seething with silent rage. Was she doomed to be nothing more than a mistress, forever hidden in the shadows? She couldn't accept that. She wouldn't. Spencer, sensing the sting of his words, tried to soften the blow, "Let's talk about it after I call off my engagement with Brielle."
But this did little to comfort Lillian. She had been feeling insecure about Spencer's recent aloofness, especially his odd behavior toward Brielle. "Spencer, are you really going to break off your engagement with Brielle?" she asked, her voice quivering, tears threatening to spill
over.
Hearing this, a brief panic flickered through Spencer's heart. Deep down, he knew he wasn't ready to let Brielle go. She had always been so supportive and obdient, and now her disdain was like a slap in the face. Had all her past affection been a lie?
Was it possible she had never loved him? The very thought was humiliating.
"Yes. The engagement will be off in two months, tops," he declared with false certainty.
Lillian bit her lip, nodding pitifully. "Then I'll wait for you," she whispered.
Spencer avoided her eyes, gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white.
Meanwhile, Brielle had just finished sorting through the gifts.
"Mark, you can distribute these to the kids tomorrow. I've organized everything. Here's the food, and there's the clothing."
Mark glanced at the clock on the wall. "It's late, and you're by yourself. Why not stay the night?" "Thanks, but I've got work in the morning."
Not wanting to push further, Mark retrieved a few links of homemade sausage from the fridge. "I made these for the holidays. Take some with you."
Mark was a jack-of-all-trades, teaching the kids to make all kinds of delicious food. Back when Brielle lived there, times had been tough, and each holiday was a feast to make up for the
1/2
17:19
Chapter 118
scarcity.
Back then, wealthy folks would come to adopt, making a big show of it for the media, proclaiming their generosity. What happened to the kids afterward, though, the media didn't care to follow up on. "Thanks," Brielle said, taking the bag of sausages.
By the time she returned to her apartment, it was past midnight. She quickly washed up, checked her emails and direct messages, but there was still no word from Max. No feedback on the documents either. The next morning, she barely arrived at the office before being summoned to a meeting on the top floor.
Max was the last to arrive, and with him there, Ryan was conspicuously absent.
William adjusted his glasses and cheerfully broached the topic of the Alpha project. "Max, you've been briefed by Brielle, I presume. What's your take?"
Max barely lifted an eyelid. "Who proposed investing in Alpha?"
Everyone in the room knew he was asking knowingly, but no one dared to answer. After all, allowing someone who had been dismissed to enter the boardroom was a breach on their part. Under their pleading gazes, William softly responded, "Ryan visited the boardroom earlier, claiming father's approval. He's got a cozy relationship with Alpha's president and suggested they might let Dorsey International invest first."
"In the future, let security keep such individuals out. If I've dismissed someone, I don't want them back here causing a stir."
His tone was indifferent, dismissing Ryan as if he were nothing.
Brielle, seated not far away, couldn't help but smirk at Max's imperious and strategic demeanor. To others, it might seem detestable, but to her, it held a certain allure. It was a shame, though, that such a cold person could still bend his principles for Alivia.
Would The Priest ultimately be forced to walk among mortals?
She lowered her gaze, choosing not to engage in the conversation at hand.
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119
The other executives didn't dare to make a peep in Max's presence, knowing full well the weight of the shares he held in his iron grip. Cross him, and you'd be packing your bags faster than you could say "Pink slip." Hadn't Ryan been the perfect cautionary tale? If Max could cast aside his own flesh and blood without a second thought, the others stood no chance of mercy.
William, savvy as ever, didn't bother to defend Ryan, instead smoothly changing the subject. "Max. I hear your trip abroad is about courting that company. Book?" Brielle's ears perked up instantly, curious as to how Max would respond.
Max casually flipped through the documents on the table, his expression unaltered. "Hmm, it's under consideration."
Patrick, standing beside him, almost reflexively glanced at Brielle, then with a businesslike demeanor, fired up the projector. "Ladies and gentlemen, please direct your attention here. This is all the intel on Book. It's a wildly popular app overseas, currently valued at a cool billion dollars."
Word on the street about Book had already seeped out over the last few days, and the media, which didn't dare spill much ink on Max, had a field day dissecting Alivia's side of the story.
Discovering that Alivia was a shareholder and that the company's CEO was a senior colleague from her research institute had the public thinking Max was ready to throw down a fortune for his lady love. Thus, the executives in the meeting room, ever opportunistic, eagerly began to brown-nose.
"The CEO of Book is impressively young, and the user base they've built in less than six months is remarkable. If this momentum continues, it's going to be a staple on everyone's smartphone."
"If they're seeking funds, Dorsey International must be in the running."
"With a market cap of a billion dollars, the investment figure will likely be in that ballpark. It's a sure bet."
Even if it tanked, what did it matter if Max spent a few billion to woo a woman? His happiness was paramount, and no one could fathom the depths of his wealth.
Besides, the rise of Book was nothing short of meteoric, almost impossible to duplicate. If Dorsey International could snag this project early on, the return could easily multiply tenfold, or even a hundredfold. The room buzzed with chatter, but Brielle sat quietly to the side, her lashes lowered, absorbed in thought.
Patrick, ignoring the hubbub, dutifully displayed Book's details on the large screen. "Several venture capital firms are already in talks with Book. By early next month, after the CEO meets with Ms. Alivia again, we'll need to lock down the investment amount. I'll circulate the details
Chapter 119
for everyone's consideration. Until then, feel free to weigh in."
Brielle glanced at the information on the screen, much of which she had compiled. The founder of Book was indeed formidable, backed by a mentor who was a titan in the academic world and supported by a lady of Alivia's standing. Its potential seemed limitless.
Brielle's gaze dropped as she noticed the room's volume dip suddenly. Then silence fell, and she looked up to find Max's gaze resting on her. Unsure of what had transpired, she stood, feeling awkward, "The founder is, indeed, remarkable." With that half-hearted remark, she sat
back down.
The atmosphere grew subtly charged, and Brielle wondered if she'd misspoken.
As the meeting dispersed, she hoped to slip out unnoticed with the crowd of executives, but then Max's quiet tap-tap on the table halted her. "Stay behind." The voice was very soft, and only she, walking at the back, could hear it.
She lingered to close the door, then faced him. "Mr. Dorsey, I've compiled the Book information thoroughly. Is there something unsatisfactory?"
"Are you upset?"
A pang hit Brielle's chest, a sour twist. It was rare for him to notice the mood swings of her, but what right did she have to be upset? Wasn't she just a little canary he kept?
Max stood and as he passed her, he drew her gently into his embrace. "Come to my office."
It's brief embrace, followed by a release. Like a bee sting straight to the heart.
Brielle stood rooted, waiting until the room emptied before she collected herself. Did she like Max? She wasn't sure, maybe it was just a woman's instinctual response. She tried to suppress such instincts, knowing sometimes that wise surrender was better than blind persistence.
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120
When Brielle entered Max's office, the rich aroma of freshly brewed coffee greeted her.
Max didn't drink instant coffee. There was a small tea room in the office, and just around the corner from the floor-to-ceiling windows was the lounge. At that moment, he sat in a chair, one hand adorned with the rosary resting on the marble tabletop, his eyes calm as the snow settled at the comers.
"Mr. Dorsey." She called out to him, trying to shake off the sting of anxiety that had settled in her heart.
Max slid a folder across the desk, his hands folded neatly in front of him, all business. "You weren't telling the truth in the conference room."
Brielle felt a wave of frustration wash over her. She was struggling not to let his demeanor affect her, but he seemed all too composed. "How do you know I wasn't telling the truth, Mr. Dorsey? The executives were all in favor of investing in Book, and Ms. Alivia is one of its shareholders."
"Do you think my investment has anything to do with Alivia?"
"Doesn't it?"
She regretted her retort instantly, feeling as if she had lost her fundamental ability to judge the situation. Before she could salvage the conversation, the office door swung open, and Patrick, along with two other executives, made their way in, seemingly ready for an impromptu meeting. The two executives, sensing the mood, settled on a sofa to one side, waiting quietly for Max to finish up.
Max didn't glance their way but instead furrowed his brow at Brielle, "Why would you think there's a connection?"
Brielle noticed the executives casting curious glances but without much surprise. They probably would never guess that she and Max were entangled in an affair.
Brielle pursed her lips, feeling once again that singing a solo seemed too pitifut when she was the only one in the act. "If Mr. Dorsey's interest isn't because of Ms. Alivia, then this project is indeed up for debate. If you really want my opinion, I suggest we don't invest."
Her blunt honesty took the seated executives by surprise, and they almost wished they hadn't entered, now facing the potential wrath of the president.
Brielle was bold, daring to speak to the president in such a manner and suggesting they shouldn't invest. What did her suggestion matter?
Internally criticizing her, they maintained a composed exterior, as any high-ranking official at Dorsey International would.
The situation was clear. Brielle had irritated the president, and if they sided with him, perhaps a hefty year-end bonus would be secured. The executives exchanged glances and feigned a
1/2
17:19
Chapter 120
cough before speaking up.
"Ms. Haywood, these matters aren't so simple," the head of HR began with an air of
righteousness. "Book has only been established for less than a year and has a stellar research team backing it. It deserves investment, and we can't let your personal feelings cloud our judgment." Following his lead, the Finance Director chimed in, "Indeed, investment is serious business, not to be swayed by emotions. The president has sought your counsel privately, surely valuing your expertise. You shouldn't be capricious."
As they finished, Max closed the file in front of him, his voice even, "Did I ask for your input?"
Having tried to brown-nose and failed, the executives shrank back, wishing they could disappear.
Max pushed his chair back slightly, his gaze fixed on Brielle, "You suggest we don't invest. What's your reasoning?"
Brielle thought of the information she had seen on the large screen earlier and decided to be forthright. "The reason is the founder's willingness to give up control clauses. Isn't that concerning enough? If the founder doesn't control the company, who will dictate its future? Dorsey International? That would mean we've essentially bought a business, not made an investment. The founder's quick surrender of control suggests a focus on short-term gains. Even if Dorsey International invested billions to become the majority shareholder, what about the other investors? With the current mindset of the founder, as long as the price is right, they'll be allowed in. However, if those investors are quick to sell their shares for a quick profit, where does that leave the company's long-term growth?"
"Once investors start selling off, it will inevitably lead to instability within the company, a neighborly risk, which I'm sure Mr. Dorsey is aware of. It's like buying a house. You have to consider who your neighbors are."
Her words resonated with Max, as if they were on the same wavelength.
###Chapter 121
Chapter 121
Max hesitated when he saw the founder relinquish control, that was why he made those
remarks to Alivia.
During the meeting, his proposal to invest in the company called Book wasn't about playing the waiting game; he was biding his time for the founder to reach out first. If the founder decided to keep a firm grip on the company's reins, there was no need to fret about Book's future. After all, no one understood its trajectory better than the person who started it all.
But clearly, the founder hadn't grasped this issue, because according to the intel from Alivia, the founder was still in talks with several other venture capital firms.
Brielle, with only three years of professional experience under her belt, had been devouring financial knowledge since her college days. In four years of undergrad, she'd amassed more wisdom than some grad students do in seven.
The office was dead silent, the few people present barely dared to breathe. And there was Max, sitting in the quiet glow of the room, who after a long pause, finally gave a gentle nod, "Early next month, you'll accompany me abroad."
It was the second time he'd be taking Brielle on a business trip in a short span.
Brielle froze. The last auction event was common knowledge at the company, and many were speculating about his opinion of her. Now he was taking her on another trip, seemingly unfazed by the risk of sparking rumors.
"Mr. Dorsey, if it's about Book, you really needn't bother. As long as the founder doesn't change his mind, you're definitely not going to invest."
"Brielle, what's got you so twisted up?"
The subject changed so abruptly that Brielle was momentarily lost. She even thought she'd heard him wrong and, mindful of the two executives sitting nearby, she quickly composed herself, "What are you implying, Mr. Dorsey?"
"Are you trying to avoid the appearance of impropriety?"
The two executives sneaked a glance at Max, then shifted their eyes to Brielle, sensing something off in the president's demeanor towards her.
Patrick coughed softly, signalling the two executives with a gesture that it was time to leave. Feeling like they were sitting on hot coals, the executives couldn't wait to scurry out.
Before the door even closed, Max's icy voice cut through. "Do you really think you can avoid this?"
"Bang!" The door shut firmly, and whatever was said next was lost to those outside.
Cold sweat beaded on the foreheads of the two executives, their backs slick with perspiration. They had climbed to their current positions by knowing which secrets to keep buried. The two
1/2
16:35
shared a knowing look, aware that Brielle was untouchable, at least until the president decided otherwise.
Once the door was closed, Brielle let out a sigh of relief, "Uncle Max, aren't you worried they'll spread gossip?”
"Don't the people who sit in this chair have a bit of discretion?"
Alright, Brielle was thoroughly convinced.
Max could be unapologetically headstrong. She remembered the random call from him while she was dining with Kenzo, a flicker of hope stirring within her.
Was he bothered by her dinner with Kenzo? Was that why he kept texting and calling? Had he secretly listened to that long voicemail?
Still, Brielle was too timid, not daring to joke about whether he was jealous, fearing she might be reading too much into it. So, she chose a more tactful question. "Uncle Max, if the Dorsey family wanted you to marry Alivia, would you?"
If Max cared about her even a smidgeon, he'd surely say no, but his response was, "I'm considering it."
Those words lashed her like a barbed whip. It stung.
"And what if Ms. Alivia asked you to invest in Book?"
"I'd refuse."
Warmth slowly returned to Brielle's body, as if the heat that had been drawn out was now coursing back through her veins. Could one accuse Max of being unfeeling and callous? But from the start, she knew ordinary emotions barely existed for him. To blame him for lack of feeling was as absurd as condemning a tiger for its ferocity.
Brielle, adept at self-regulation, quickly shook off the brief hurt and analyzed the founder of Book.
"The founder is missing a crucial quality - a mission to serve humanity."
The difference between wildly successful entrepreneurs and the average ones was significant. Besides the desire to make a fortune or look cool, the truly successful ones often had additional motivations, such as a deep love for their field or product, or a sense of responsibility and mission that transcended money itself.
The founder of Book was still above the average entrepreneur, yet unaware that his company could change the world. Such opportunities were priceless, which was why he could so easily part with control. To put it bluntly, his vision was shortsighted.
Brielle had just finished her analysis when she noticed Max standing close by, looking down at her. Confusion in her eyes, she hadn't time to react before he grasped her wrist and led her toward the break
room.
212
###Chapter 122
Chapter 122
"Mr. Dorsey?"
The room spun as she found herself pinned on the couch in the break room. Brielle's mind was a blur. What on earth was Max up to?
Her eyes widened in shock and just as she attempted to rise, she was pulled back into his embrace. His breath tickled her ear, sending her heartbeat into a frenzy. She couldn't help but lick her lips nervously. "Mr. Dorsey, isn't it work hours?" she managed to say.
Max chuckled, his fingers grazing her side playfully, "What do you think I want to do?"
The irritation bubbled inside Brielle. They were already on the couch, so what else could happen? Were they going to whisper sweet nothings under a cozy blanket?
Rolling her eyes inwardly, she couldn't help but savoring the private moment.
Her heart was pounding like a drum, and afraid Max would notice, she clumsily changed the subject.
"Mr. Dorsey, I didn't finish what I was saying earlier. Meeting Flynn the other day was quite the revelation. I mean, comparing the business titan like Flynn to the founder of Book might seem unfair, but I've seriously studied Flynn's speeches. A founder who transcends the pursuit of money, the simplicity of ambition, the public opinion, and truly wants to do something big - he might just become invincible. That's probably why Flynn managed to make a dent across North America. The founder of Book, even though successful for a first-timer, lacks these qualities."
Conversing with a businessman like Flynn or just watching their talks could be profoundly enlightening. She had spent over a decade with the Haywood family without such opportunities to rub shoulders with these giants, but with less than a month by Max's side, her thinking had already advanced significantly.
Max's fingers still lingered on her waist. Brielle surprised him quite a bit. He finally understood why Ryan couldn't let her go. She was indeed talented. Among the Beaconsfield socialites who were versed in arts and culture, she stood out.
Andrew had called her a canary, but she was never one. Canaries were for those delicate socialites. Brielle was an eagle, yearning to conquer the blue skies. A gilded cage was never meant for her, and the small world could never contain her. An engagement should not be her shackle. She was meant for her own dreams and horizons.
Max rarely considered a woman's future so earnestly, yet now a faint smile played on his lips.
Sensing his mood, Brielle smoothly made another small request. "By the way, Uncle Max, do you remember the villa worth over twenty million you gave me?" She spoke without a hint of embarrassment. Max's eyelashes fluttered, followed by a light laugh, "Hmm?"
1/2
16:36
Chapter 122
Pretending to miss the tease in his tone, she continued, "The one you promised as a ceremonial gift when you first took over the company. I'd like to sell it, but I guess Spencer hasn't completed the transfer procedures. Could you maybe oversee that for me? My words don't carry much weight with him as a fiancée."
They lay there on the couch, Max's eyes now closed. His eyelashes were long, his skin perfect, his presence cool like a perfect sculpture.
Brielle turned to face him, unable to resist reaching out to tug at his sleeve. Her fingers were caught in his, and he asked, "Shall I make a call now?"
"Aren't you going to ask what I plan to do with the money?" After all, it was over twenty million.
"It's yours. Whatever you do with it is up to you."
Brielle thought herself shameless, only to discover Max could be quite brazen too. Despite the villa being a corporate expense, it was originally Spencer's gift to Lillian. Now he nonchalantly claimed it was hers.
With a low chuckle, Brielle found she quite liked his audacity, "Alright, make the call. I don't want Lillian spending another day in that villa."
"Let's sleep first."
His voice was calm, and with that, he closed his eyes again.
Brielle knew what 'sleep' implied and tentatively started undoing his top button. Max had the habit of fastening the buttons all the way to the top, giving off an appearance of
meticulousness.
Her hands were swiftly caught by his, amusement in his eyes, "What are you doing?"
"Aren't we going to sleep?"
"Brielle, is that all you think about?"
Struck as if by an arrow, she reacted with a hint of annoyance. It was as if she was the one so horny.
Retrieving her hands, she replied with mock seriousness, "I just think it would be very disrespectful to your body, if I didn't want to have my way with you at a time like this."
Max's laugh was genuine this time, free from the usual aloofness. He pulled her close, resting his forehead on her shoulder, his hair brushing against her chin.
In this intimate position, the world around them seemed to fade away.
###Chapter 123
Chapter 123
Brielle couldn't resist. She stealthily lifted her hand and gently ran her fingers through his hair. His strands were slightly coarse, a bit prickly to the touch, and the coolness slithered from her fingertips like a serpent, unhesitatingly burrowing into her heart.
A man's head, a woman's waist - they were territories marked for intimacy.
A softness crept into Brielle's eyes, and she greedily lingered a few more seconds than she should have, caressing his hair. She whispered his name in her heart, and with a subtle sigh, she drew her hand back.
The afternoon sun was warm, casting a golden glow throughout the room.
Their breathing slowed, both lulled by the tranquility. Brielle had pulled an all-nighter just the evening before, and after a visit to the orphanage, drowsiness was claiming her. Her eyelids fluttered shut, instinctively nuzzling closer to Max.
Dark circles barely shadowed her eyes as Max glanced at her, reaching for a throw blanket nearby. If someone had told him that he'd end up lying in the office break room with a woman, he would've scoffed at the absurdity. The office was for work, the break room a place for him to recharge in private, strictly off-limits to others. But now, a simple tilt of his head brought Brielle's face into view.
The experience was novel. He couldn't quite pinpoint his feelings for Brielle.
Michael used to say that Max was smart, but would never learn how to love.
When Brielle woke, Max had already left. She stared at the unfamiliar ceiling, taking a moment to remember she was in Max's private room.
She rose, listening for any signs of activity outside. If she ran into the executives in a meeting with Max, it would be like being caught red-handed, impossible to explain away, even though their relationship was already muddled as it was.
Luckily, all was quiet. She stepped out with confidence, only to lock eyes with Tiffanie, who sat on the couch with a lollipop in her mouth, idly flipping through a finance magazine. Tiffanie's mouth dropped open, the candy hitting the floor.
"Brielle?" Her voice was a mix of shock and disbelief. "You've been sleeping in Maxie's break
room?"
Tiffanie rubbed her eyes, questioning the reality before her. Even though she knew Max and Brielle had hooked up, Max had a serious obsession with cleanliness in certain areas, especially in the office, a place of gravity. Some other rich guys in the circle might enjoy playing office role-playing at times, but Max was definitely not that kind of person.
It took Tiffanie a moment to recover, bending down to pick up the lollipop and tossing it into the trash. "Who would've thought Maxie would ever stash a girl in his office?"
Brielle, caught off-guard, asked, "Tiffanie, what brings you here?"
1/2
16:36
Chapter 123
Tiffanie sized her up, then snorted, "It's my birthday. Came to get a present from Maxie."
Brielle quickly wished her a happy birthday, feeling awkward,
Tiffanie plopped back down, "Birthdays can be such a drag. Remember that actor I fancied? Turned out he was too eager, no challenge at all. Just sickening how he tried to cling on. Had to dump him with an excuse, and now here I am, all alone. Pity, Isn't it?"
She ranted with disgust about the actor.
Brielle's mind raced to the gossip linking Tiffanie to Kenzo, but last time at Tequila Sunset, Tiffanie and Kenzo barely interacted. Was the rumor even true?
Tiffanie's gaze returned to Brielle, loaded with implication. "Last time I wanted to have a drink with you, you bolted. How about making it up to me for my birthday?"
With the conversation steered to this point, Brielle couldn't refuse and nodded in agreement.
Tiffanie's enthusiasm was palpable as she swiftly booked a private room at Tequila Sunset. "Let me tell you, the male models there are the hottest in Beaconsfield. You'll see."
Mid-sentence, the door swung open, and Max stepped in with Patrick, catching the tail end of the conversation.
Tiffanie quickly stashed her phone away, beaming up at Max, "Maxie, where's my present?" She was bold, her last extravagant request still fresh, yet she asked without hesitation. Max typically wouldn't skimp, but this time he simply dropped a file on the desk and took a seat, "It's deducted."
###Chapter 124
Chapter 124
Tiffanie's face froze, her steps quickening as she approached. "How could you do that, Maxie? 1 haven't stirred up any trouble lately. You know I even gave up on that Hollywood hunk I was after. I've been good, just holed up at home playing video games, I swear."
Her voice softened, her face a picture of Innocence, "You have no idea how bored I've been. Those posh girls just don't like me, spreading rumors all over. And the worst is Spencer, claiming it's because of Kenzo that I'm in this mess. I'm super upset, you know. I've hardly had a real conversation with Kenzo."
She feigned wiping away a tear, while her eyes carefully gauged Max's reaction.
Max furrowed his brows, hesitating for a few seconds before reluctantly pulling out another card. "Stop blowing cash on those guys. Heck, even if you had a serious relationship, no one would bat an eye." Tiffanie's lips curled into a sardonic smile as she snatched the card. "A serious relationship? Please, any decent guy would run for the hills the moment he hears my name." There was a hint of sadness in her eyes as she spoke.
Brielle listened in on their conversation, piecing together that the whole Tiffanie-Kenzo affair was just smoke and mirrors. Given Tiffanie's nature, she wouldn't fall for someone who'd sacrifice everything for art, especially since she craved security above all.
"Maxie, I'm gonna drag Brielle out for a drink, okay? I promise, no male models this time." Tiffanie thought it over and figured it must have been her mention of male models that ticked Max off. Max was a clean freak, probably wouldn't stand his women getting tangled up with other men.
With that, she pulled Brielle towards the elevator, only to stroke her chin thoughtfully once they were inside, her next words as shocking as ever. "Brielle, have you ever slept with Spencer?"
Considering their long-standing engagement and both being adults, it's hard to believe that nothing happened between them. Despite Spencer's questionable character, his good looks were undeniable after
all.
"Would you believe me if I said no?" Brielle's tone was nonchalant, bracing for Tiffanie's blunt mockery.
"I'd believe you."
Tiffanie looked serious, tucking Max's card into her purse, "You've never loved Spencer, and he's not capable enough to win you over. You'd only sleep with someone like Max because, in a place like Beaconsfield, being with a man like him feels like hitting the jackpot."
"How do you know I've never loved Spencer?"
"It's all in the eyes, girl. I've seen you before. When you like someone, it shows, and you've
never looked at him that way. You're nice to him just because he's your fiancé, nothing more.'
1/2
16:36
Chapter 124
At times, Tiffanie seemed like a mischievous child, yet she had a knack for seeing through people.
When they reached the underground parking. Tiffanie hopped into a flashy red convertible, the epitome of high-profile.
Brielle buckled up in the passenger seat and found a candy in her hand, a small gesture from Tiffanie. "Thanks," she said, suddenly remembering it was Tiffanie's birthday, and felt a pang of guilt for not having a gift. "Sorry, I didn't get you anything."
"No need. Don't bother in the future either. My birth isn't exactly something to celebrate. My mom wishes I'd never been born. Apart from Max, I've never gotten a birthday gift."
Tiffanie spoke casually as she floored the accelerator.
Brielle didn't know much about Tiffanie's mother, but her mother was a lady of the Dorsey family. Even if she wasn't fond of her daughter, it seemed impossible that she hadn't provided a single decent birthday gift in over twenty years. Tiffanie wasn't one to lie, which meant there was more to the story. Brielle didn't care to delve into family secrets and wisely kept her mouth
shut.
They arrived at Tequila Sunset, and the valet lit up at the sight of Tiffanie. "You're here, Miss Tiffanie!"
She pulled out a wad of cash from her purse, generously tipping the valet. Her lavish tips had made her a favorite among the staff, who quickly parked her car and exchanged a few friendly words. Brielle stood by her side, but her attention was caught by a familiar face nearby - Sophia, flanked by a gaggle of high-society ladies.
Brielle, standing beside the flamboyant Tiffanie under the bright lights, was too conspicuous to
miss.
Sophia's lips pursed into a sneer upon spotting Brielle. "Well, well, if it isn't Brielle. Heard the Dorsey family's cutting you loose. Shouldn't you be at home crying instead of out drinking?" The scandalous tale of Brielle and Kenzo had spread like wildfire, and the upper crust loved nothing more than juicy gossip like this.
###Chapter 125
Chapter 125
"Is that her, munching away with Kenzo at the table?*
"Spencer's fiancée, they say she's a wild one."
"Ha, hanging out with Tiffanie, what else can you expect but trouble?"
The clique wasn't content with bad-mouthing Brielle. They dragged Tiffanie into their gossip as well.
Tiffanie's mood soured instantly. In a swift motion, her hand flew up and smacked Sophia right across the face.
"Damn! Who's this bitch spewing nonsense? Since when is sharing a meal a crime? Are you lot at Tequila Sunset just to sip on martinis and play saints? Gimme a break."
The sound of the slap cut through the chatter like a knife.
Sophia, gripping her cheek in shock, couldn't believe Tiffanie would lash out so irrationally. The hurtful words had come from the mouths of her companions, yet it was her face that stung from the strike. Her chest heaved with indignation, and spotting a sneer in Brielle's eyes, she found her outlet.
"Brielle, what's so funny? Thrilled with being a cast-off?"
Tiffanie was out of Sophia's league, but putting Brielle in her place? That was child's play.
The smirk in Brielle's eyes grew, "Cast-off? Did Lillian fill your heads with that? If a woman engaged to be married is what you call a cast-off, then what does that make her, the mistress skulking in the shadows? When did this society start putting the other woman on a pedestal just because she plays the victim so well?"
The crowd bristled with anger at her words. Lillian as a mistress? Impossible!
Sophia sneered, "There's photographic evidence of you dining with Kenzo, and Spencer himself has admitted your indiscretions. And here you are, slandering Lillian. You've really got no shame." Brielle frowned. Spencer had confirmed it?
A wave of nausea hit her, and seeing Sophia's arrogant face, she chuckled lightly, "I believe you owe me an apology, don't you?"
At this, Sophia's face turned even more sour, "Dream on. Why would I apologize to you? All Tessa has to do is whisper in Andrew's ear, and I'm off the hook. Give up on trying to step over me, Brielle."
As if on cue, Andrew's car rolled up to the scene. Sophia straightened up as if bolstered by his arrival.
Andrew stepped out, oblivious to the drama unfolding. Aubree was at his side, arms crossed,
1/2
16:36
Chapter 125
clearly agitated from an argument with him. Both paused at the sight of the commotion.
Sophia was quick to act, rushing over, "Andrewl"
Hearing this, Aubree's lip curled in a sneer.
Andrew, paying no heed to her, surveyed the situation. "What's going on here?" Impatience was evident in his tone, his tolerance at a low.
Sophia didn't dare to trouble him with trivialities, clutching at his sleeve only to be shrugged off. Andrew's gaze was fiery as he spoke bluntly, "I've told you before, I'm indulging this nonsense only for Tessa's sake."
Sophia blanched at his lack of courtesy. After a moment's hesitation, she murmured, "It's all Brielle's doing, asking me to apologize again."
Brielle's gaze shifted to Andrew, calm yet firm, "This was a matter Mr. Clements agreed to. Surely you haven't forgotten?"
Andrew's irritation was palpable as he made to walk into the bar, eager to escape the pettiness. Sophia panicked, quickly following, "Andrew, Tessa must have called you. She said not to pursue this matter any further."
She believed this would earn her some sympathy from the onlookers, perhaps even from Brielle. but Brielle's voice followed swiftly, "So, just because she says 'let it go,' it's supposed to vanish? Did you hire someone to ruin her face this time? This Ms. Tessa must carry quite the influence to dismiss everything with a flick of her wrist."
Sophia was livid, "You!" She couldn't outwit Brielle but looked hopefully towards Andrew for
support.
Andrew's expression darkened. No one spoke ill of Tessa in his presence. "Brielle, that's enough," he said firmly.
Brielle's attention drifted to Aubree, reflecting on how brutally indifferent men could be - the woman he had shared his bed with for years was right there, yet he seemed utterly fixated on his supposed 'one true love'.
If she really was the one true love, why then did he sleep with Aubree in the first place?
Chapter 126
Chapter 126
###Chapter 126
Chapter 126
Aubree pulled out a cigarette, her fingers deftly flicking a lighter to life as she brought the flame to the tip. A perfect smoke ring drifted from her lips, her eyes brimming with mocking curiosity to see just how far Andrew would go for Tessa,
Andrew had always looked down on petty catfights, yet now, standing amidst a gaggle of women, he seemed utterly at ease.
Across the crowd, Aubree caught Brielle's gaze. With an unspoken agreement, neither made a move to greet the other. Aubree nonchalantly gestured towards the inside of the venue, signaling she would head in first.
Brielle nodded in understanding, preferring not to have Aubree witness Andrew's defense of Tessa. With a casual stride, Aubree walked away, leaving the brewing storm behind her.
Andrew watched her leave without a word or a hint of guilt. After all, a fling could never hold a candle to true love. His lips pressed together as he thought of Brielle and the looming presence of Max behind her. The apology he had promised was still pending.
He took a deep breath, rarely speaking with such patience to an arm candy. "Name your price for compensation, as long as it's not too outrageous, I'll meet it."
His words were clear to all those present, sparking surprise among the crowd who knew Andrew's temper to be quite the foe.
Sophia was puzzled at first but quickly realized Andrew was backing her up. It was clear that Tessa was his priority. Her spine straightened with pride, a smugness dancing in her eyes.
She couldn't believe Brielle would actually ask for compensation. The woman wasn't truly disfigured, and clinging to the issue would only provoke Andrew. In Beaconsfield, crossing Andrew was a one-way ticket to ruin.
Even Tiffanie thought Brielle was about to face a losing battle, but then, crisp and clear, Brielle spoke up, "Thirty million, transferred to my account immediately, and we'll forget the apology." Her eyes twinkled with defiance, "Mr. Clements, what do you say?"
A tightness gripped Andrew's chest-not over the money, but the indignity of being blatantly extorted. He'd battled through storms and strife over the years, never suffering such audacity. As soon as Brielle finished her demand, an eerie silence fell. Phones were sneakily recording, spreading the scene through the social circles of Beaconsfield.
Everyone anticipated a gruesome end for Brielle. Even Sophia let out a scornful laugh. Yet, against all odds, Andrew pulled out a checkbook with a surprisingly steady hand, signed a check, and approached Brielle, placing it in her outstretched palm. Leaning in close, his voice was a chilling whisper, "Remember this. You're getting this because of Max. The day he dumps you, I'll be the first to come after you." To onlookers, it was just a private exchange, nothing more.
1/2
16:36
Chapter 126
After delivering his message, Andrew headed inside. Brielle folded the check and slipped it into her purse.
Tiffanie, agog, finally broke into applause. "Wow! Thirty million for an apology! You've got guts, Brielle, and I could swear Andrew wanted to strangle you. Feel my palm, I'm sweating."
In this world, you might provoke the devil, but never Andrew. This was an unwritten rule, yet Brielle had openly broken it.
The crowd's gaze shifted, wondering what advantage they could possibly seek from someone who didn't fear Andrew himself.
The air was thick with silence. Even Sophia's lips tightened, her face a canvas of ugly emotions. She should've simply apologized and avoided handing Brielle a windfall.
Sophia felt played, her heart pounding with anger and humiliation. "Brielle, have you completely lost it? Just like Lillian said, you're low."
Receiving the thirty million, Brielle was in a good mood. Once she sold the mansion, she would have fifty million in hand, enough for the location of the orphanage. She ignored Sophia's rage, turning to Tiffanie with a proposition, "It's your birthday. How about I treat you to another show?"
Tiffanie, ever the thrill-seeker, was all ears. "What kind of show?"
Brielle climbed into Tiffanie's cherry-red sports car, leaving the other women behind.
Tiffanie, playing the perfect chauffeur, was eager for the drama. "Come on, spill the beans. What's the plan?"
"We're going to catch someone in the act. Snap some photos, share them in your social groups. Sound fun?" Brielle spoke with a light-hearted tone, arms casually folded, ready for the next act to unfold.
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127
The sky was darkening, and the number of cars on the streets was increasing.
Brielle knew Lillian all too well. After the ordeal at the orphanage last night, she must have been clinging onto Spencer, pouring her woes into his willing ears, and likely showing off her bedroom prowess. This was prime time to catch them in the act.
Tiffanie's eyes were sparkling with determination as she patted Brielle's shoulder with sincere gratitude. "You're a real pal, Brielle. Let's do this. Lead the way, and I'll drive us there right now."
Brielle set the navigation for the suburban villa while Tiffanie asked if they should call a locksmith.
"No need, the code's definitely Lillian's birthday."
Tiffanie, seeing Brielle's confident reply, realized she must have been there before and felt a pang of sympathy. The sight that Brielle had seen at the villa wouldn't be easy on her heart.
Flooring the gas pedal, Tiffanie had them parked outside the villa within twenty minutes. Brielle glanced at the lights glowing inside the villa and let out a cold laugh before heading straight to the front door. She punched in Lillian's birthday, and the door swung open. Tiffanie, flushed with excitement, had her phone out, ready to start recording.
Upstairs, as suspected, Lillian's voice echoed through the hallway. Pleasure and pain intermingled in her tone, eerily reminiscent of the first time Brielle stumbled upon their tryst. The difference now was Brielle's mood.
She stopped outside the largest bedroom. The door to the master bedroom was ajar, and Spencer's voice was full of eagerness, "Lillian, your waist is still so slender."
"Spencer, you promised you'd terminate your engagement to Brielle within two months, didn't you?"
"Of course, she can't hold a candle to you."
Brielle found their conversation amusing. It was far more restrained than what she had heard the first time, which had been a deliberately orchestrated farce by Lillian, designed to elicit Spencer's criticisms of Brielle - calling her a dull piece of wood, a robot.
The last line of what she had heard was etched in Brielle's memory and still made her sick.
-Lillian, you're so much more slutty.
Back then, Brielle had cherished Lillian like a sister, never suspecting her true nature.
Shaking off the memories, Brielle pushed the door open. Simultaneously, Tiffanie started recording the scandalous scene while snapping several photos.
Lillian, sensing the intrusion, let out a near-scream, grabbing the bedsheet to cover herself.
Chapter 127
Spencer frowned, his voice tight with discomfort, "Brielle! What are you doing here?"
Then, seeing Tiffanie with her phone, his indignation peaked, "Tiffanie, did you get that on video?"
Tiffanie blinked innocently and hid behind Brielle, whispering, "While he's still undressed and wouldn't dare to chase us, let's run quickly. The two of us can't beat him alone. I've already posted the video in the group, and there are also their uncensored photos."
Brielle didn't expect Tiffanie to be so quick. She chuckled. Tiffanie was a waste not being a
paparazzo.
Watching the disheveled and embarrassed pair, Brielle said, "Spencer, this villa is mine. Do 1 need to remind you again? Take your mistress and get out."
Spencer's scalp tingled with fury. He hadn't expected Brielle to confront him personally. But indeed, the villa was hers, and Max had already warned him. He dare not say more.
His lips pressed together, a spark of thought crossed his mind. Was Brielle jealous, fighting so
hard for the villa?
He was from a good family, attractive, fit, and they'd known each other for years. It made no sense for Brielle not to like him. Maybe her indifference was all an act. Perhaps she even cried
over him.
With this in mind, Spencer's heart softened briefly, "Brielle, stop making a scene. It's normal for a man to have a woman on the side. The more you fuss, the more you stand to lose."
If only she would beg him, he could reconsider ending the engagement. If she became more approachable and likable and turned a blind eye to his affairs, he wasn't averse to marrying
her.
"Spencer, are you deaf? Move out tonight with Lillian, and transfer the proceeds from the villa sale to my account tomorrow."
Her tone was icy. The look she gave Spencer was one of undisguised disgust, mirroring how he saw her. It was Spencer who had always hurt her, but now that the tables were turned, he found the pain unbearable.
His heart felt slashed open, which was an odd sensation. Why should he care so much about Brielle's contempt?
###Chapter 128
Chapter 128
Spencer felt a sharp pang in his chest, a dull ache that made it hard to breathe. His silence was broken by a pitiful hand reaching out, grabbing his wrist. "Spencer, it's all my fault. I had no idea she was coming over tonight."
The words were shameless, and even Tiffanie couldn't help but snap, "What a tramp! Hooking up with someone else's fiancé and playing the victim? Disgusting."
She even spat on the ground, her face contorted with revulsion.
Not just Lillian felt the sting, but Spencer's face turned thunderous. Who was Tiffanie to judge? Wasn't she just as flawed? Lillian, as if frightened by Tiffanie's brashness, pressed her lips together, holding back words as tears pooled in her eyes.
Until now, Tiffanie had been oblivious to Lillian's true colors. Seeing her so brazen in front of Brielle, Tiffanie felt her blood boil.
"Spencer, what do you even see in her? I recall her grades weren't anything to brag about, and she's never held down a real job. Everything she eats, uses, and wears, it's all thanks to the Haywood family or you. And yet you treat her like some kind of treasure? You must be blind. Brielle, let's get out of here." She couldn't stand another minute in this toxic atmosphere.
Lillian had no comeback. Tiffanie's words were nothing but the truth. Her college degree was bought, and her work life was a string of part-time gigs. But did men really care about a woman's ability? Or was it all about charm and obedience?
Lillian sneered. Tiffanie was such a fool. The more Tiffanie belittled her, the more Spencer felt embarrassed. After all, a man wouldn't admit admit they have poor judgment. And Spencer, with his strong sense of male chauvinism, wouldn't tolerate a woman stepping on his head.
Sure enough, Tiffanie's words roused Spencer. He wrapped himself in a robe and strode over, his towering presence overwhelming. "Tiffanie, you're really asking for it today."
But before he could act, Brielle stepped in front of Tiffanie. Spencer's anger faltered under her gaze, the hurt in his heart resurfacing. "Brielle, who do you think is to blame for this mess? You never loved me." Admitting such a thing was beyond humiliating. His eyes reddened, but he refused to stay and be embarrassed. With a bitter clench of his teeth, he said, "I'll wire you the money tomorrow, Brielle. You'll regret this someday."
Turning to Lillian, he said, "Get dressed, Lillian."
Despite her resentment, Lillian had no choice. She had played the obedient lover for so long, only to see the multimillion-dollar mansion she'd been promised slip into Brielle's hands.
Tasting the bitterness of defeat, she shakily got dressed. As she passed Brielle, she couldn't resist a parting shot. "Without this house, Spencer will buy me another."
1/2
16:37
Chapter 128
Unaware that her scandal had been leaked in the Beaconsfield socialites' chat groups, she thought she could still play the perfect victim. Those circles were already abuzz, replaying the incriminating video for laughs.
The groups that included Lillian fell into an eerie silence. They had only known Lillian as innocent, oblivious to her affair with Spencer, who was publicly engaged to Brielle. The video laid bare their indiscretions, and the context made it clear this wasn't a recent fling.
Lillian was the other woman.
In the realm of high society, mistresses and illegitimate children were scorned unless you could captivate the man and ascend. Otherwise, you'd never know how the glittering crowd would speak of you behind closed doors.
Brielle's exposed photos were just a dinner with Kenzo, but Lillian's exposed photos were her bedding Spencer. In contrast, the evidence of Lillian being a mistress was more than sufficient. Silence reigned in the chat room, and Lillian, oblivious to the turmoil, felt something was amiss when her message was met with silence. Any other time, her words would spark a chorus of agreement. To confirm her suspicions, she suggested they all meet for afternoon tea the next day.
Chapter 129
###Chapter 129
Chapter 129
In the chat group, the camaraderie was generally good on any given day. The members loved to flaunt their latest luxury car purchases or their sprawling mansions and chew the fat over the trivial gossip that bubbled up within their social circle.
Brielle was the hot topic that never ceased to intrigue everyone.
These folks were far removed from the elite inner circle-after all, those high-fliers didn't have the time to indulge in idle chitchat. Most of the group members were well-off, leading lives of comfort, yet they suffered from a severe drought of meaningful engagement. Talking smack about Brielle was simply a way for them to feel a tad better about themselves.
Just as one felt the body being lifted when treading water, similarly, in any social hierarchy, those lacking self-confidence tended to highlight their status by denigrating those they perceived as inferior. And in their eyes, Brielle was the underdog.
After Lillian sent her message, ten long minutes dragged by before anyone bothered to reply.
[Let's drop it. I've got stuff to do tomorrow.]
[Yeah, looks like none of us can make it.]
[What's the deal with you and Spencer? Isn't he Brielle's fiancé? Thought you said he was like a brother to you?]
The question everyone had been skirting around was finally out in the open. After all, the video was crystal clear. Denial wasn't an option.
Lillian's hand, which had been dangling by her side, clenched. Never before had her relationship with Spencer been questioned. What in the world was happening tonight?
[Yes, I always saw him as a brother,] she replied.
Seeing her response while recalling the video and vivid photos, an uncomfortable wave washed over everyone. The chat fell silent once more, and this time, no one engaged with her.
Sweat pooled in Lillian's palms, the evening's events still a puzzle to her. She reached out to one of the more friendly faces in the group, suggesting they meet for coffee the next day. The reply came back swift and cold-[Find someone else. I'm busy.]
Staring at her phone, Lillian wondered if her eyes were playing tricks on her. In the past, to get cozy with these wealthy second-generation kids, she'd simply gift them some priceless jewelry. These kids lacked for nothing, but they always appreciated the gesture, seeing the giver as generous and kind-hearted.
Especially those whose families kept a tight rein on them. They loved hanging with Lillian, who was known for her largesse. For example, the one who had just turned her down-never before had she rejected Lillian.
1/2
16:37
Chapter 129
Undeterred, Lillian messaged others in the group. After reaching out to four more, she found one of them blocked her outright, and the rest didn't even bother replying.
Lillian sensed trouble brewing, but first things first: she needed to smooth things over with Spencer, then try to rekindle the bonds with her fair-weather friends.
She looked up, her eyes brimming with feigned vulnerability. "I'm sorry, Spencer, I never should've got involved with you. It's made things awkward for everyone. Maybe it's best if we take a break.*
This tactic of retreat to advance was one of her favorites.
Spencer gritted his teeth in frustration. "Sorry, Lillian, that you've been put through this. Tell me, which property do you want? I'll give you another one."
That was what Lillian was banking on. What did it matter how well a man treated her if she couldn't hold on to something tangible? That was the real security. She grew up poor and only realized the importance of money when she saw how the wealthy lived. So, later on, whether it was with Cameron or with Spencer, she would subtly convey a message to them. She had suffered a lot in the past and did not want to put herself through hardships anymore in the future.
When male pride kicked in, they'd fulfill her every demand. Her wardrobe, shoes, bags, and bracelets were nearly all courtesy of Cameron, while her posh residence and the flashy cars she drove were gifts from Spencer.
As for Brielle, well, she was just a hapless fool. After years with the Haywood family, she didn't even own a decent villa.
Lillian had always prided herself on her cunning, but tonight was her first defeat. She traced the root of her downfall to one person-Max, the pinnacle of their social pyramid. As long as Max harbored even a sliver of pity for Brielle, Spencer was putty in his hands.
A flicker of envy crossed Lillian's eyes. If only Max would take her side.
Word on the street was that he occasionally showed up at Tequila Sunset. It looked like it was time for her to try her luck there.
Chapter 130
###Chapter 130
Chapter 130
"Don't. Just drop me off at the next intersection. I don't want to stay at a hotel tonight; I'm thinking of crashing with a friend."
Her voice, heavy with emotion, barely rose above a whisper as she dabbed at the tears streaking down her face. The villa had been her only property, and now that it was gone, her only option seemed to be to check into a hotel. And Spencer, being a part of the Dorsey clan, couldn't possibly bring Lillian back to the Dorsey estate.
Suddenly, Spencer felt utterly useless for letting her be put through such an ordeal. "Lillian, I'll find you a new place soon. Just bear with a hotel for tonight."
"Spencer, I'm just so tired."
Her words pierced straight through Spencer's heart. His grip on the steering wheel tightened, a wave of guilt washing over him. If Lillian were his rightful fiancée, she wouldn't have to suffer like this.
"I'm sorry."
"It's not your fault. It's just that I love you too much. I'm willing to lurk in the shadows, but tonight, I really do want to be with a friend."
Spencer nodded, unable to muster any more words, his resentment towards Brielle growing stronger.
After dropping Lillian off, he reached into his pocket and handed her a card.
"There's ten million in here, for your trouble."
"I can't accept this."
"Keep it. That villa was rightfully yours, and I'll make it up to you later."
Leaving the card with her, Spencer drove off with a heavy heart.
Lillian glanced down, a flicker of satisfaction crossing her eyes before she slipped the card into her pocket.
The friend she was seeking out was Sophia, who was also in that chat group but had been oddly silent to her messages. Lillian had just seen Sophia's update at Tequila Sunset. It was time to see what was going on in person.
With a knack for navigating social waters, Lillian quickly found Sophia's private booth. Sophia herself wasn't feeling great, still fuming over that thirty-million-dollar debacle. Most of those surrounding her were from the same social circle, now all hunched over their phones, whispering amongst themselves.
"Can you believe it? That's Lillian in the video?"
"It's so clear, it has to be her. Who knew she had such a thing going with Spencer?"
1/2
16:37
Chapter 130
"That makes her the other woman, doesn't it? How much of what she tells us is actually true?"
The murmurs grew louder.
Given Sophia's closer relationship with Lillian, coupled with the incident involving Emily, she believed Lillian to be a very loyal and righteous person. Now, hearing everyone discussing Lillian, she couldn't help but inquire. "What's going on?"
"Sophia, you gotta check the group chat. Spencer and Lillian got caught in the act. The video's gone viral. It's all over the socials."
Sophia thought she must have misheard. Such a scandal in their circle was social suicide. She opened her phone and, upon seeing the crystal-clear video, her face turned ashen. The others, sensing an opportunity, began to tear Lillian down.
"I knew she wasn't all she pretended to be, always playing the victim."
"She grew up with Brielle, didn't she? Birds of a feather."
"She wanted to join me for high tea just now. I turned her down, thank goodness."
"She tried to chat with me too. Looks like she's clueless about what happened. How embarrassing! I'd be scolded by everyone if I were seen with her now."
In their world, reputation was everything. After that video, Lillian would be seen through a tainted lens, her social standing in tatters.
They gleefully slapped every derogatory label they could think of on Lillian, enjoying the gossip. In the midst of their cackles, the door swung open, and Lillian stood at the threshold.
The room turned frigid with discomfort as Lillian, followed by a waiter in pristine white gloves, sauntered in, feigning generosity. "I heard you were all dining here. I was free, so I thought I'd buy you a round."
The waiter rolled in a cart laden with expensive bottles, each worth a small fortune. Lillian was splurging, fresh off a ten-million-dollar consolation and with the promise of a new villa from Spencer. A few million was nothing to her, especially when it usually bought praise.
Tonight, the room was suffused with a strange silence. Everyone was unusually quiet, deliberately avoiding her gaze.
###Chapter 131
Chapter 130
"Don't. Just drop me off at the next intersection. I don't want to stay at a hotel tonight; I'm thinking of crashing with a friend."
Her voice, heavy with emotion, barely rose above a whisper as she dabbed at the tears streaking down her face. The villa had been her only property, and now that it was gone, her only option seemed to be to check into a hotel. And Spencer, being a part of the Dorsey clan, couldn't possibly bring Lillian back to the Dorsey estate.
Suddenly, Spencer felt utterly useless for letting her be put through such an ordeal. "Lillian, I'll find you a new place soon. Just bear with a hotel for tonight."
"Spencer, I'm just so tired."
Her words pierced straight through Spencer's heart. His grip on the steering wheel tightened, a wave of guilt washing over him. If Lillian were his rightful fiancée, she wouldn't have to suffer like this.
"I'm sorry."
"It's not your fault. It's just that I love you too much. I'm willing to lurk in the shadows, but tonight, I really do want to be with a friend."
Spencer nodded, unable to muster any more words, his resentment towards Brielle growing stronger.
After dropping Lillian off, he reached into his pocket and handed her a card.
"There's ten million in here, for your trouble."
"I can't accept this."
"Keep it. That villa was rightfully yours, and I'll make it up to you later."
Leaving the card with her, Spencer drove off with a heavy heart.
Lillian glanced down, a flicker of satisfaction crossing her eyes before she slipped the card into her pocket.
The friend she was seeking out was Sophia, who was also in that chat group but had been oddly silent to her messages. Lillian had just seen Sophia's update at Tequila Sunset. It was time to see what was going on in person.
With a knack for navigating social waters, Lillian quickly found Sophia's private booth. Sophia herself wasn't feeling great, still fuming over that thirty-million-dollar debacle. Most of those surrounding her were from the same social circle, now all hunched over their phones, whispering amongst themselves.
"Can you believe it? That's Lillian in the video?"
"It's so clear, it has to be her. Who knew she had such a thing going with Spencer?"
1/2
16:37
Chapter 130
"That makes her the other woman, doesn't it? How much of what she tells us is actually true?"
The murmurs grew louder.
Given Sophia's closer relationship with Lillian, coupled with the incident involving Emily, she believed Lillian to be a very loyal and righteous person. Now, hearing everyone discussing Lillian, she couldn't help but inquire. "What's going on?"
"Sophia, you gotta check the group chat. Spencer and Lillian got caught in the act. The video's gone viral. It's all over the socials."
Sophia thought she must have misheard. Such a scandal in their circle was social suicide. She opened her phone and, upon seeing the crystal-clear video, her face turned ashen. The others, sensing an opportunity, began to tear Lillian down.
"I knew she wasn't all she pretended to be, always playing the victim."
"She grew up with Brielle, didn't she? Birds of a feather."
"She wanted to join me for high tea just now. I turned her down, thank goodness."
"She tried to chat with me too. Looks like she's clueless about what happened. How embarrassing! I'd be scolded by everyone if I were seen with her now."
In their world, reputation was everything. After that video, Lillian would be seen through a tainted lens, her social standing in tatters.
They gleefully slapped every derogatory label they could think of on Lillian, enjoying the gossip. In the midst of their cackles, the door swung open, and Lillian stood at the threshold.
The room turned frigid with discomfort as Lillian, followed by a waiter in pristine white gloves, sauntered in, feigning generosity. "I heard you were all dining here. I was free, so I thought I'd buy you a round."
The waiter rolled in a cart laden with expensive bottles, each worth a small fortune. Lillian was splurging, fresh off a ten-million-dollar consolation and with the promise of a new villa from Spencer. A few million was nothing to her, especially when it usually bought praise.
Tonight, the room was suffused with a strange silence. Everyone was unusually quiet, deliberately avoiding her gaze.
###Chapter 132
Chapter 132
Lillian's eyes were bloodshot with rage, a tempest brewing behind her tear-stained face. How could this have happened? Wasn't it Brielle who was supposed to face this ordeal? Her vision began to blur as she struggled to focus on Aubree's features.
Aubree stood confidently, hands on her hips, draped in a figure-hugging red dress that flattered her every curve. She couldn't help but erupt when she saw that damn video. Tonight, she was already at Tequila Sunset when she caught sight of Lillian's entrance.
"Who was it that plucked you from the orphanage, huh? Have you forgotten that the Haywoods. put food on your table and clothes on your back? And this is how you repay them? Stealing Bri's fiancé and encouraging him to break off their engagement? You've really lost all shame. Calling you a tramp is a compliment. Look at yourself in that video, acting so cheap. So that's what Spencer is into, huh?" Those words cut deep, and the onlookers recoiled. They all knew the Clements family's adopted daughter, and they didn't dare to step forward to defend Lillian, since she was clearly in the wrong. If they spoke up and got slapped, what then? Aubree was clearly out for blood tonight.
So, the crowd did the only thing they could they watched the drama unfold.
Lillian felt like her
wanted to retort,uth was full of blood blisters, her eyes red hot and fixed on Aubree. She
wanted to retort, to curse this woman and Andrew for their sordid affair, but her chest shook violently with humiliation, and not a single word could escape her lips.
She wished she had never set foot in the VIP lounge that night, so she wouldn't have to face. such a public disgrace.
Hatred consumed her, all because of Brielle.
Her lips trembled, her teeth biting into them until they bled. She wanted to dispute the video, but it was too clear-cut. Anyone with eyes could see it was real. Brielle had destroyed her, utterly and completely. Lillian felt as if the sky was falling. She needed to get out of there, to stop the assault on her dignity. She fled like a clown, clutching her purse, almost running from the scene.
The eyes that followed her seemed to strip away her last shred of self-respect. It was over. Everything was over. She couldn't understand how it had come to this.
Her phone rang, and she was too afraid to see who it was. Wiping her tears, she finally pulled out her trembling phone.
It was Miranda. She must have seen the video too. The phone felt like it was burning her hand,
and she was tempts to throw it away. But it rang persistently, like a death knell. The
Haywoods had been so good to her, providing her with everything. How could she explain herself? Chapter 132
Lillian was at a loss, her teeth chattering.
Hiding was not an option. She had to face them. Her reputation was already in tatters, and she could no longer hold her head high in their social circles. Maybe, just maybe, the Haywoods" feelings for her would prevail, and they wouldn't turn her away completely.
Lillian hailed a cab to the Haywood estate, the ride there an agonizing torment, as if she were in a frying pan. Standing outside the Haywood residence, she hesitated to enter. After a long inner struggle, she pushed through the door, tears streaming down her face in a sorry cascade. Her reputation in society was beyond saving. She had to make sure her benefactors were on her side. After all, she wasn't married to Spencer yet. Even with his generous support, a man's favor was fickle and could change overnight. So, before anything was set in stone with Spencer, she had to hold on tightly to the Haywoods. "Miranda, I'm so sorry. It was a moment of foolishness. Spencer was so heartbroken that night, and we... we drank too much," she sobbed, attempting to pin their indiscretion on the alcohol. Miranda and Robert remained silent, their faces unreadable. The video had spread like wildfire, and now everyone in the Beaconsfield social circles was aware of the scandal.
While the society ladies she once mingled with were labeling her as foolish for letting an outsider snatch away her future son-in-law, Miranda looked at Lillian's tearful face and. remembered the diary. There was a flicker of pity within her.
"Lillian, when exactly did this all start?"
###Chapter 133
Chapter 133
Brielle had mentioned it before, but Miranda had been so trusting of Lillian that she thought Brielle was just spinning tales. Now, confronted with the undeniable evidence of the video, she couldn't help but wonder if her daughter had been deeply wronged.
Miranda suddenly felt some regret, while at the same time, she blamed Brielle in her heart. Why couldn't she just talk it out? Why did it have to come to this?
Lillian, seeing the frustration in Miranda's eyes, knew she had to deliver a performance of a lifetime tonight, or she would never again be welcomed into the Haywood household with open
arms.
The remorse was painted all over her face. "Miranda, remember that night when Bri said she was out looking for guys? That was the night Spencer got drunk. But that's no excuse. I betrayed Bri."
Miranda exhaled, her instinct to trust Lillian proving strong. So their affair had started that night. Bri had confessed to seeking male company, which must have stung Spencer's pride. leading him to drink more than usual.
Miranda's feelings at this moment were very complex. On one hand, she blamed Brielle, and on the other hand, she blamed Lillian. Then, reconsidering, she thought that if Spencer couldn't resist straying, at least it was with Lillian, who was practically family.
"Lillian, even though you've been with Spencer, it's Bri who's going to marry him in the end."
Lillian's hand clenched at her side, a flash of red crossing her eyes.
She felt a burning desire to tear it all down, but she had to apologize and feign sincerity. "I know, Bri is amazing. She deserves the best."
Her apologetic demeanor appeased Miranda, who had a soft spot for Lillian. "Alright, stop kneeling. Get up. I was originally thinking of having you as the daughter-in-law of our Haywood family, but now, this mess between you and Spencer happened. I guess Brielle is not feeling good either. When she comes back, I'll try to plead for you in front of her."
Lillian choked back sobs as she rose, wiping away tears. "Miranda, I'll apologize to Bri personally. As for Spencer, I won't contact him again."
She had gauged Miranda's sentiments, so she deliberately made that statement to test the waters. Sure enough, Miranda's response was just what she wanted to hear.
"Spencer is young. Young folks like to have their fun. It's better for him to be with you than some other girl, but remember, Bri gets to be his wife. Can you accept that and not compete with Bri?"
It was astonishing that there could been such a mother who actively sought mistresses for her own daughter's man.
Chapter 133
understand my place."
Miranda nodded, content, but noticed her husband was silent. She nudged him. "What do your
think?"
Robert had that look of restrained patience, the rationality of a man. "Don't you think this is terribly unfair to Bri?"
Miranda hadn't expected her husband to react this way and blushed in embarrassment. "I know it's not fair to Bri, but Lillian has been with us for years. What should we do?"
Robert scrutinized Lillian. If Lillian had been his daughter, it would have been so much better. Her temperament was much better than Brielle's and she was more suitable for marriage with Spencer.
"Lillian, we'll give you a sum of money. Leave Beaconsfield and stop contacting Spencer." His tone left no room for argument.
Lillian paled, never expecting this. She looked to Miranda for help and saw her discomfort. "Robert, I-" Her words were choked off. She couldn't continue.
Robert waved her off, unwilling to discuss further.
Lillian panicked, dropping to her knees, her forehead hitting the floor hard and repeatedly. *Robert, Miranda, I'm truly sorry. Please don't do this to me." Miranda felt pity and moved to help her, but Robert's decision held her back. She remained seated, tormented.
Lillian was a mess of tears and snot, wishing she could bash her regret into the floor. If the Haywoods turned their backs on her, what would she do? Had Cameron seen the video? Would he find her disgusting?
###Chapter 134
Chapter 134
Lillian felt like she was on the brink of a breakdown, both emotionally and physically. She had fought tooth and nail for everything she had, only to see it crumble to pieces.
If it wasn't for Brielle... If it wasn't for that bitch!.
Her eyes were bloodshot, her nails digging into her palms so hard they drew blood. She wished she could just take Brielle down with her, right then and there.
Her breath was hot and heavy; her forehead had even left a bloody mark on the hardwood floor. But she couldn't stop. She was terrified of being cast aside.
She was used to the high life, had had her fill of scraping by, and if the Haywoods cut her off. she'd be worse off than a beggar on the streets.
She had to hold on tight.
In this moment, Lillian realized the stark difference between herself and Brielle, much as she hated to admit it. Brielle had been tossed aside by the Haywoods early on, yet she was thriving at Dorsey International. Without the Haywood's backing, Brielle still managed to shine, drawing a hefty salary, living the life of a polished corporate queen.
Realizing this only deepened Lillian's resentment. Why did Brielle get all the breaks? While she. Lillian, was left to live like a worm in the dark, desperately hoping someone would spare her a glance. The overhead lights seemed to grow brighter, casting an unreal glow that seemed to trap her in place. She awaited the Haywoods' verdict. Like a condemned prisoner, clinging to a sliver of hope for survival. If only she were queen of the hill, with everyone else under her heel. Her eyes were rimmed with red as she thought this.
The tension in the room was palpable, silence heavy.
The phone rang at this moment, and she almost anxiously looked up at Miranda and Robert. As expected, a hint of dissatisfaction appeared on both of their faces:
Like a frightened animal, Lillian scrambled to silence her still-ringing phone. Why would the director call her now? Of course, he must be looking for Brielle, she thought bitterly. He always favored her. She felt sick to her stomach.
"Robert, I know things have come to a head and there's no easy way out. I just can't bear to lose you all."
She was gambling, playing her last card, but before Robert could respond, the doorbell rang.
Who would visit the Haywoods at such a time?
Bewilderment crossed everyone's faces until they saw Faith come in. Faith was livid, instantly Chapter 134
aware of the charged atmosphere as she entered. "Well, isn't this a merry gathering?"
Miranda and Robert's faces fell, but given Faith's status, they had no choice but to receive her with strained politeness.
Faith moved to the side as if she were in her own home. "About that annulment I mentioned last time, what have you decided? You've seen the video. I can't accept a daughter-in-law like Brielle." One more scandal like that and her son might never recover.
Miranda and Robert were also critical of Brielle's role in leaking the video. After all, airing dirty laundry was bad form, and now the scandal was the talk of Beaconsfield, leaving everyone embarrassed. But to call off the engagement would complicate business between the Haywoods and the Dorseys.
"Ms. Faith, this incident was certainly Brielle's fault, and I'll have
does that sound?"
her apologize to you. How
Apologize? A sneer appeared on Faith's face. Could an apology restore her son's reputation?
"Her apology is worthless. My son has become the laughingstock of the town, and who's to blame for that? And Lillian, she's one of yours too."
Just moments ago, Miranda and Robert had been acting superior, but in front of Faith, they were like schoolchildren caught misbehaving.
Faith didn't truly dislike Lillian, but someone had to take the fall. If Lillian had the sense to admit that she was the one who seduced Spencer, that it was a moment of weakness for him, then the public outrage might shift to her. Spencer could then wash his hands clean of this
mess.
But clearly, Lillian wasn't ready to make that sacrifice.
Faith sneered, looking at the three before her, "Spencer and Brielle's engagement must be broken. And his new fiancée will not be Lillian. I won't let a homewrecker into my family."
Hearing this, Lillian's face went ashen. Faith used to show her some favor, but these words were a clear sign she was being abandoned.
Her hands trembled by her sides. If Robert turned her away and Faith insisted Spencer to cut ties, she'd have no one to turn to.
Could she lean on Cameron? After that video went viral, Cameron hadn't even bothered to call her.
Chapter 135
###Chapter 135
Chapter 135
Any man would feel a punch in the gut seeing a video like that of the woman he's into, especially a man like Cameron, who always carried himself with a sense of pride and superiority.
Lillian was truly panic-stricken this time, her eyes rimmed red with the pressure. Her gaze met Faith's just as she was about to speak.
"Lillian, you need to take the fall for this one. Cut ties with Spencer, and after a scandal like this, there's no way Michael will welcome you into the family."
In a way, her words echoed Robert's sentiments. Tears streamed down Lillian's face as the reality hit her hard. "Faith, I—'
"Don't tell me you can't bear to leave Spencer. Listen, if you don't do what I say, you won't see a dime in the future," Faith said with clear impatience in her voice.
That statement left Lillian speechless, a look of mortification dawning in her eyes.
Robert and Miranda chimed in, trying to comfort her. "Lillian, don't worry, we'll make sure you get a hefty sum."
With Faith taking the lead, the three of them were now a united front. Lillian felt an unprecedented humiliation engulfing her heart; years of cunning planning, and it had all come to this. She couldn't stand it. The injustice was unbearable!
Her phone rang again. It was the orphanage director. Instinct told her it must be urgent. She answered the call with a sense of dread, only to hear the director's anxious voice on the other end. "Lillian, someone's come looking for our orphanage. There's talk of a lady who lost her daughter years ago, and there's a slight issue with your file. Come quickly to sort it out. If it's really you, then Lillian, you might just be the bona fide rich girl you never knew you were."
Lillian thought she had misheard. "Director, are you sure you've got your facts straight?"
"I'm dead serious, Lillian. They're here, and we need to do a DNA test pronto. We can't delay this."
Lillian wasn't particularly interested though. She figured it was some rich family's missing daughter. No matter how wealthy they were, they surely couldn't hold a candle to the Haywoods or the Dorseys.
A wave of despondency washed over her, her heart heavy with sorrow. Yet the director's next words perked her up. "Lillian, they've asked me not to reveal their identity, but let me tell you, their family's international standing is quite high, even higher than the Haywoods', and comparable to the Dorseys'. They also have a son who has been searching for his sister all these years, which shows how deeply they care for their lost kin. If your records match, you won't have to worry for the rest of your life. You'll be in a position to help Bri then."
Chapter 135
International standing? That caught Lillian's attention, her eyes lighting up with hope. "Mark, you're telling me the truth, right?"
The director couldn't help but chuckle, genuinely hoping for a good outcome for these kids. "Of course, it's the truth. If you can make it now, hurry over. They're pressing hard for this, and just between us, the Clements family is involved in the search. If the Clements are stepping in, you can imagine the status of the other party."
Lillian's heart raced with excitement. Meanwhile, the other three in the living room were glaring at her, annoyed that she was still on the phone.
Lillian couldn't care less. After hanging up, she turned to Miranda with an electrified look in her eyes. "Miranda, the director says I need to go back for a DNA test. I have to return to the orphanage right now."
If it turned out she was the lost heiress of a noble lineage, why should she grovel at the feet of the Haywoods any longer?
The Haywoods, and Brielle, soon enough, they would all be looking up to her.
###Chapter 136
Chapter 136
She snickered inwardly, yet couldn't help but worry that her efforts might all be in vain, resulting in a total washout. So, she managed not to let her concern show too obviously.
Faith, upon hearing this, couldn't help but wear a look of scorn. "A paternity retest? What's that supposed to mean? You can't possibly be suggesting that you're the real daughter of the Haywood family. Now, wouldn't that be ridiculous?"
Faith's words were said without much thought, a mere dig at Lillian. Lillian had stirred up a hornet's nest and now was trying to pass off such a ludicrous excuse; she clearly didn't take Faith seriously at all. Her words, however, sparked like a match in a powder keg. The first to react was Miranda. When they had found Sunflower Orphanage years ago, both Lillian and Brielle had undergone DNA testing with Robert.
The results had confirmed that Brielle was the daughter, but now, Lillian was suggesting a retest.
Could it be...
"Lillian, are you implying that-"
With Faith's lead-in, Miranda became agitated, her thoughts racing toward the outcome she most desired, the fulfillment of a long-held wish.
Lillian's eyes brimmed with mockery. Maybe soon the Haywoods wouldn't be fit to tie her shoelaces. Mark had already called her twice in a panic, which meant this whole affair was very likely true. However, she wanted to lead Miranda on. She had slaved away for the Haywood family for years, only to be discarded like yesterday's news. She felt bitter and resent
Miranda had always hoped that Lillian would turn out to be the Haywood's daughter, right? So, she'd dangle that hope in front of her, giving herself an out in the process.
Lillian felt a surge of energy and quickly sorted out the key points. If she wasn't the so-called blue-blooded lady, she'd continue to face the scorn and ridicule of these people, but until the results were in, the Haywoods would surely treat her with kid gloves and wouldn't dare pursue the matter with Spencer any further.
And if she turned out to be a rich girl, then she and Spencer would be an ideal match. Faith would probably be over the moon, and even if the Haywoods wanted revenge, they'd have to think twice. It was a win-win.
In any case, until a new benefactor came along, the Haywoods were still useful, so she deliberately kept her statement ambiguous. "Miranda, I'm not too sure myself. The director has been calling me, urging me to come over."
Miranda quickly stepped forward, grasping her hand. "I'll come with you to check it out."
1/2
17:00
Faith was also puzzled. What was the Haywood family playing at?
They had personally reclaimed Brielle as their own, and now they were the first to doubt the truth of the matter. If the Haywoods themselves were skeptical, it was only natural for Faith, an outsider, to begin to wonder as well. After all, if things were as they seemed, everything would
make a lot more sense.
The three women exchanged glances, sharing a rare moment of tacit understanding.
"You two go ahead and check it out. I'll be right there." Faith spoke impatiently, her mind still on other matters. She had to deal with the one person who had dared to tarnish her son's reputation. Brielle would pay a hefty price.
Meanwhile, Brielle was blissfully unaware of the brewing storm. She was still at the countryside mansion, scrutinizing the lavish interior decorations.
Lillian had always been a hedonist. The mansion was worth over twenty million, with another ten million in valuable paintings and decor.
Brielle had never found it so easy to come by money. First, she had received thirty million from Andrew, and now with the mansion's twenty million plus, she could easily make another ten by selling off the contents. With over sixty million, she'd have more than enough for the orphanage's new location.
She smiled, patting Tiffanie on the shoulder. "Do you know how we can liquidate these items?"
She wanted to cash in before Lillian caught on. These were undoubtedly gifts from Spencer to Lillian, with no strings attached. Even if Lillian went to court, it wouldn't matter.
Tiffanie's eyes lit up; not only had they come here tonight for a catfight, but now they were about to play a bit of Robin Hood. She didn't have many friends in the socialite circle, but she knew plenty of people who could get the job done. Without hesitation, she recommended a contact.
Her friend arrived promptly, less than an hour later, with a van to inventory and haul away the goods. It took only thirty minutes to find a buyer, and the money was transferred at a speed that left Brielle in awe. Tiffanie pulled out her phone to find several chat groups abuzz with excitement, and she couldn't help but chuckle. "Brielle, come take a look. Lillian's really made a name for herself now."
Brielle leaned in and saw that Tiffanie was part of over a dozen groups, each bombarded with the same set of videos and photos. Perhaps to ensure recognition, Tiffanie had even tagged Lillian's name. Brielle's lips twitched in amusement, suddenly realizing that of all people, Tiffanie was not one to be trifled with.
###Chapter 137
Chapter 137
The buzz in the chat groups was like wildfire, and it wasn't long before the videos made its way to Andrew and Kenzo.
Andrew, a member of just a couple of groups, paused mid-sip as the video popped up on his screen. He glanced at Kenzo, who had just settled beside him. "Isn't that Brielle's fiancé?"
The video was crystal clear; even a blind man couldn't miss it.
Kenzo offered a gentle smile. "Yeah, that's him. Did Brielle take this footage?"
Brielle didn't seem the type to stir up drama.
Andrew snorted, his mind darting immediately to Tiffanie. "I bet it was Tiffanie. Spencer's her cousin, and she's really thrown him under the bus this time."
Twirling his phone with a mischievous grin, Andrew mused, "So, Brielle's fiancé has been playing the field, no wonder she got cozy with Max. I thought she was just climbing the social ladder for a career boost, but looks like she's playing a much bigger game-sleeping with her fiance's uncle for revenge."
Andrew wasn't Brielle's biggest fan, but the video piqued his interest in her scheming ways. He set his phone down and looked at Kenzo. "You're all over the tabloids with Brielle, and you haven't bothered to clear the air. Any other time there's gossip about you and some starlet. you set the record straight pronto."
Kenzo just smiled, his demeanor still soft, though Andrew knew the man was cunning as a fox.
"Andrew, don't you find all this intriguing? Alivia's got a thing for Max, while Max is keeping Brielle on the side. I'm rumored to be with Brielle, and her fiancé is Max's nephew. The waters are muddied, and when all this comes to a head, it's going to be quite the show."
Andrew pushed a glass of whiskey toward him with a scoff. "You creative types and your deep games. Have you told Alivia about Brielle and Max?"
"Tell her what? My sister, proud and arrogant, has always regarded Max as her possession. If she really finds out there's another woman by his side, she'll probably return to the country immediately. Then there will be another round of turmoil at home. Being caught in the middle of her and Max is not pleasant."
He was implying that he didn't want to put himself through this mess.
Andrew nodded, took a sip of his drink, and couldn't help but ask, "Do you and Tiffanie have something going on?"
Kenzo's brow furrowed slightly. "Come on, you know how Max dotes on Tiffanie. Even if I did like her, Max would never allow it. And Tiffanie's flaky mom has pushed her daughter to the brink. The guy who'd get with Tiffanie is not going to be someone like me, ready to sacrifice. everything for art."
Chapter 137
The man for Tiffanie would need to provide her with substantial security, to pull her from the abyss, but Kenzo wasn't that man. In fact, in their circle, no such man existed.
Tiffanie craved undivided love. While everyone else was sowing wheat, she wanted to grow roses. She sought romance, not survival.
Andrew stayed silent. They all knew about Tiffanie's mother, which explained her current state. This was also why Max indulged her so.
Tiffanie's origins were tainted with filth, savagery, and contempt. She wasn't born from hopeful expectations; she began from a mistake.
The lounge was quiet. The two men had come out for a casual drink. Aubree, who had arrived first, had vanished. Andrew didn't bother looking for her; he never cared what Aubree was up to. His phone buzzed. It was Tessa on the line.
Tessa hardly ever called him, and when she did these days, it usually concerned Sophia.
As he answered, he heard Tessa's coughing on the other end.
"Cough, cough."
Tessa was known as the delicate beauty, seldom venturing from the Clements' estate. Even at social gatherings, she'd find a corner and sit quietly.
"Andrew, did you really give Brielle thirty million?" Tessa's voice was weak.
Andrew uttered a nonchalant "Yeah," then advised. "Take it easy when you talk, look after yourself."
"Did I cause you trouble? If I'd known Brielle would demand so much, I'd have had Sophial apologize. She's impulsive. Just now, she broke into tears on the phone to me. Sorry about this. I'll transfer the money to you later."
###Chapter 138
Chapter 138
Andrew rubbed his temples, his gaze softening. "There's no need for formalities between us. If you don't want Sophia to apologize, I'll let it slide. Thirty million is nothing to fret over."
Tessa was well aware that thirty million was merely pocket change for him, but the thought of Brielle getting such a windfall made her uneasy. "It's Sophia's mistake, but you shouldn't let others take advantage like that."
She was testing the waters to gauge Andrew's feelings toward Brielle. Something seemned off. and she wondered if it was because of a few words Sophia had said in his presence. Tessa was growing restless. Any other woman who dared speak to Andrew like this wouldn't live to see another day, yet Brielle was not only spared but also walked away with a thirty million dollar check.
"Drop it with her, Tessa. You need to focus on getting better."
Andrew couldn't possibly reveal Brielle's connection to Max. If Michael found out, Brielle would have to vanish from Beaconsfield in a heartbeat.
"Alright, I'll drop it."
Tessa was sharp, not the type to beat a dead horse. She probed into the Hatfield family's stance on Emily and pondered making them target Brielle. Much to her surprise, the Hatfields hadn't lifted a finger to bail out Emily, who remained behind bars.
When Tessa learned that the Hatfields planned to send Emily abroad for studies-a polite euphemism for exile, a common practice among the elite-she was even more unsettled. Was it all because of Brielle? Who exactly was backing Brielle?
Tessa's lips pressed into a thin line, realizing it was time for some serious digging.
Unbeknownst to Brielle, she had caught Tessa's attention. She and Tiffany were already in the car. Tiffany was in high spirits that evening, her smile never leaving her face. At a red light, she tapped the steering wheel, "Brielle, I really owe you one. My birthdays are usually such downers, but today was a blast from start to finish. If anything like this comes up again, hit me up on WhatsApp, okay?" She whipped out her phone.
After they exchanged contacts, Tiffany saw the familiar profile picture and chuckled. "Alivial was all over the place, asking who had the snowflake avatar. I had a hunch it was you, and look. at that. I was right."
"Alivia?" Brielle was puzzled. How did her avatar catch Alivia's eye?
"Yeah, she asked around in the group chat. Probably grilled the whole social circle, but no one fessed up."
Tiffany steered the car, her expression growing serious, "Between Alivia and Tessa, those are. two tough cookies. Don't mess with them, or if Maxie ever drops you, they could crush you with
17:00
Chapter 135
the flick of a finger."
Having arrived in Beaconsfield at the tender age of ten, Brielle was out of the loop on social intricacies, always an outsider. "How tough are we talking?"
Tiffany had taken a liking to Brielle and didn't want her to be at a disadvantage, so she couldn't help but break it down for her.
"Let's start with Alivia. You know how famous she is around here. She's been spoiled rotten by the Barnes family since she was little. Whatever she wants, she gets. Guys her age are lining. up to marry her, which is like getting the whole Barnes family on a silver platter. Even her brother Kenzo dotes on her. With just the two of them and Kenzo lost in his art most of the time, all the family's affection naturally falls on Alivia."
The phrase 'center of the universe' didn't do her justice. Whatsmore, Alivia excelled in her own right, currently at a research institute that was top-notch worldwide.
Brielle kept quiet, then asked, "And Tessa?"
When Tiffany got to Tessa, her tone took on a peculiar edge. "In a big family like this, a sickly. member like her would normally be out of the power circle. But she's got clout in the Rowland family. Rumor has it she was once on the outs and nearly got shipped off from Beaconsfield. But ever since she latched onto Andrew, her stock in the Rowland family has been on the rise. You know Andrew's reputation. A woman who can keep him on a short leash is no simpleton."
###Chapter 139
Chapter 139
Brielle wasn't worried for herself; it was Aubree that concerned her.
"And let me tell you," she said with a sigh. "And I have to tell you, these two are very good friends. Tessa Is Andrew's girl, and Allvia almost became Max's flancée. They can pretty much do whatever they want in Beaconsfield."
That was true.
A tightness formed In Brielle's chest, but Tiffanie's next words soured her mood even more.
"Maxie's doting on you now 'cause he hasn't a clue about marriage yet. Once granddad picks out a fiancée for him, you'll be history. And my granddad's favorite? Alivia."
Brielle shut her eyes, recalling Max's words about considering an engagement to Alivia.
"Beep beep beep."
Tiffanie honked the horn a few times, and her phone rang. When she saw the number, her expression changed Instantly. "Can't do drinks tonight. Spencer's onto me about those videos and pics. Went complaining to the Dorsey family, no doubt. Gotta go and eat humble pie. Let's raincheck this one, yeah? It's on me next time."
"You're not gonna get a whipping, are you?"
Brielle frowned, annoyed with herself. She should have sent the videos. It hadn't crossed her mind what the consequences might be.
"With Maxie around? No one's laying a finger on me. But grounding's a given. Been there, done that as a kid. Don't you worry about me, Brielle. Better think about how to handle Sophia, that witch had some nasty words tonight."
Brielle chuckled as she stepped out of the car, "She's probably Tessa's sidekick. And Tessa's got Andrew in her corner. Without his help, they're powerless."
Tiffanie hit the gas, leaving behind only a parting shot. "Thing is, Andrew won't leave Tessa hanging. She's his world, everyone knows it."
Was Tessa truly Andrew's world? Brielle hadn't heard what really went on between them, only that they were long betrothed. And from Aubree, she knew Andrew had once been rejected by Tessa.
In their dynamic, Andrew was the one at a disadvantage, always bending over backward to please Tessa. Letting go of Tessa? Hardly likely.
Brielle saw Aubree as a friend and naturally prioritized her concerns. She's oblivious to the storm brewing for her.
Lost in thought, she walked toward her apartment, only to see another car pull up, clearly having waited for some time. Two burly bodyguards emerged, and Brielle instinctively stepped
1/2
17:00
Chapter 139
back. She recognized the two bodyguards showing around Faith. These were Falth's people?
Considering tonight's debacle and Falth's protectiveness over her son, she must be livid.
Clad in black suits, the guards had a menacing air about them. Without a word, they lunged for Brielle.
She stepped back, ready to counter, but a syringe plunged Into her arm. She hadn't expected a dirty play. Her strength sapped away, her vision blurred.
"Ms. Brielle, Ms. Faith made it clear, you're due for a lesson." Mentioning Falth, their eyes gleamed with malice - they had their orders.
Brielle stumped to the ground, propping herself up with trembling hands. Through the haze, Faith emerged from the black vehicle, striding over with purpose.
Without hesitation, Faith slapped her twice, as if wishing to devour her whole. "Brielle, did your shoot that video on purpose? Do you have any Idea what they're saying about Spencer now?" Brielle's cheeks swelled, her head buzzing with a thousand bees.
Faith, chest heaving, grabbed her hair, forcing her to look up. "To be betrothed to my son is a fortune you don't deserve. Not only did you snatch his executive position, now you're dragging his name through the mud. How vile! One is your fiancé; the other, a sister-like friend. With one move, you've ruined them both."
The thought of Spencer's embarrassment from the release of the videos made Faith's grip tighten. "You bitch! Should've had Spencer call off your engagement long ago!"
###Chapter 140
Chapter 140
Brielle felt like her scalp was about to be ripped off, the ludicrousness of the woman's trade was enough to draw out a laugh. "Ms. Falth, if you think it's no big deal for men to play the field, why on earth are you bending over backwards trying to win Ryan back? Shouldn't you be grateful? After all, Ryan's only wife has always been you. The others were just flings, mere playthings, and yet you've spent years green with Jealousy. Now you're preaching generosity to me?"
She flicked her tongue out, tasting the blood at the corner of her mouth, her gaze filled with disdain. "Besides, you think Spencer is some kind of prize catch? I suggested calling off the engagement several times, but it was your son who couldn't bear to let go."
"Slap!" As soon as she finished her sentence, another slap landed on her cheek.
Brielle's face was numb, insensitive to the pain, which showed Just how hard Faith had hit her. This was the first time Brielle had stood up to Faith like this. Although she had been threatened by Ryan before, at that time Faith had been downstairs and oblivious to the specifics of Ryan's actions.
Faith seemed like someone had torn off her mask, revealing the madness within. "Shut up! Just shut up!" What right did Brielle have to criticize her marriage or mock her son?
Faith seemed to be hearing the world's most ridiculous joke, yet deep down, she couldn't help but feel a pathetic sorrow. Indeed, she had devoted her heart and soul to Ryan over the years, making a fool of herself, all for the sake of winning back that man.
Brielle watched the woman's face contort and silently lowered her eyes, her thoughts drifting to Emily, who had been sent to the police station. They were both like moths to the flame in love. Faith released her hair with an impatient wave of her hand. "Lock her up in a room for now."
Brielle's hands were tied, blood dripping from the corner of her mouth, but she didn't plead for mercy or even look at Faith, instead blinking to clear her stinging eyes. She knew Faith would be unyielding when it came to handling the Spencer matter. Though she wouldn't lose her life tonight, she was sure to suffer.
As expected, after those few slaps, Faith felt slightly relieved and slowly stood up. "Take her away. I want to have my fun with her."
The two bodyguards nodded eagerly, dragging the limp Brielle away as if she were a dead dog.
Under the effect of the drugs, Brielle couldn't resist. She braced for physical torment, never expecting Faith to be even crueler than Ryan.
The car stopped in front of a dingy little shack. With a cold sneer, Faith instructed the bodyguards to drag Brielle inside.
The room was pitch dark, invisible to the naked eye, and no one knew what was inside.
Brielle was dumped on the floor, her face swollen and bloody. Unable to see clearly, she was
1/2
1700
Chapter 140
swallowed up by the encroaching darkness.
Having been with Ryan for so many years, Faith had mastered the art of torment. She pointed to a small speaker set aside, purposely having someone play eerie sounds outside the door. The shack was designed to punish the disobedient, and psychologically, it worked far better than physical pain. If someone spent too long in such an environment, their sanity would start to fray.
Brielle sat down against the wall, her cheek burning with pain. The sounds outside continued. sometimes like a baby's cry, sometimes like a woman's scream. She covered her ears, trying to block out the noise, but the sound was piercing, as if it was right beside her.
Leaning against the cold wall, she felt something slither through the door crack, cold and slimy to the touch. Brielle's face went pale, and she shuffled to the side.
Snakes.
The pitch-dark surrounding, those eerie sounds outside, and more than one snake in the room with her.
She knew Faith loathed her, but she hadn't expected such a vile tactic.
The sound of the snakes' flickering tongues in the darkness was amplified, and the scraping of their scales on the ground was hair-raising. Less than two hours had passed, and Brielle felt she couldn't hold on much longer. She didn't know how many more snakes would be let in, and the only thing she could do now was to hold herself and not listen, not think about it.
Outside, the two bodyguards who had released the snakes were smirking vilely. "Ma'am, we've got centipedes too. Shall we continue?"
Faith showed no mercy, her only wish was to torment Brielle thoroughly before anyone else found her. "Keep going, as long as she doesn't die." Faith commanded without a hint of compassion. The bodyguards nodded and released several centipedes into the room.
###Chapter 141
Chapter 141
Outside the Sunflower Orphanage, the lights shone brightly, a rare sight for a place that usually embraced the quiet of the evening.
Mark, Mark, stood at the entrance with a look of bewilderment as two sleek limousines pulled up at the gates. Nearby, a doctor they had brought in was sifting through a pile of tattered records.
These records detailed the lives of the orphanage's children: their arrival dates, the places they were found, and more. Given the high turnover of kids over the years, each child's file had been meticulously compiled and archived.
Mark had always been deeply committed to the welfare of his charges, even going so far as to save a lock of hair from each child upon their entry into the system. After all, some were abandoned, while others were simply lost, their parents clinging to a sliver of hope that they might someday be found through a DNA match.
The orphanage's commitment was to care for the children until they reached adulthood, and once they did, their futures were a mystery - what professions they took up or which places they might call home. The preserved hair became a vital clue for potential DNA comparisons.
However, a fire in the records room had damaged some of the files, including those belonging to Lillian and Brielle.
Mark had mentioned that Brielle had been reclaimed by the Haywood family and couldn't possibly be the missing girl they were searching for, but their response was to leave no stone unturned, an exercise in caution. So he needed to get in touch with Brielle.
When Mark saw Lillian, his face lit up with a smile. "Lillian, glad you could make it." His gaze then shifted to the two individuals who had arrived with her. They looked vaguely familiar, but he couldn't quite place them. With a polite nod, he acknowledged them, a silent greeting.
Lillian watched the doctor with a tremor of excitement, her voice hushed, "Mark, what information do I need to provide?"
The doctor, his forehead glistening with sweat from poring over files, glanced up at her. Everyone in the room was on edge, the atmosphere taut like a bowstring drawn tight.
The doctor's hands began to tremble as he continued his search, and Lillian's initial hope turned to impatience.
To ease the tension, Mark tried to change the subject. "The doctor's still busy. We need to narrow down the suspects. They are very thorough, and they can't afford mistakes. But your and Bri were already screened when the Haywood family came looking for their kin. Your files matched the best, and with Bri being a Haywood, you're the most likely the person they are looking for. Speaking of which, where's Bri?"
The last thing Lillian wanted to hear about was Brielle. If it weren't for her, Lillian wouldn't be in this mess. But her fortunes were about to change. It seemed like fate was finally on her side.
1/2
17:00
"I don't know where she is, Mark," Lillian replied, her patience waning.
"Both your files were lost in the fire, and I can't reach her. I thought she might be with you,"
Mark's concern was palpable as he pulled out his phone to make another call, only to be met with voicemail once again.
Brielle's phone was currently with Faith, who noticed the flashing "Director" on the screen and guessed it was from the orphanage. Were there developments?
Switching off Brielle's phone, Faith used her own to call Miranda.
Back at the orphanage, after about an hour, the doctor finally narrowed down the list. It was still just Lian and Brielle. The directive was clear: every girl must be tested, regardless of status. With both their records damaged, they had to be present for verification.
Pushing his glasses up, the doctor announced, "It seems we need to redo the paternity tests for both Brielle and Lillian." Mark's hands shook with excitement. With no other children in the running, the odds were now overwhelmingly in favor of Lillian.
###Chapter 142
Chapter 142
The kid was going to be reclaimed by her original family, and naturally, he was over the moon. He called Brielle again, but this time her phone was switched off directly. Meanwhile, Miranda's phone rang, and she quickly answered It.
"Ms. Faith."
"How's the situation over there?"
Miranda didn't dare hide anything, still clinging to hope. Plus, the doctor said they both needed a new DNA test, which seemed to confirm her suspicions.
Miranda's mind raced, even more convinced that Lillian was a true Haywood, but what she didn't know was that Lillian couldn't care less about the Haywoods now.
H
"Bri and Lillian both need a new DNA test, but I can't reach Bri at the moment. so..."
"She's with me. I'll bring her over.
Miranda breathed a sigh of relief. As long as
they could find her, they should get the results
soon. "Good, the doctor is on standby. We're Just waiting for Bri."
Faith hung up with a tight-lipped smirk. She had wanted to give Brielle a hard time, but luck was on the girl's side.
With a snort and a dismissive gesture, she ordered, "Bring her. We're going to the orphanage."
The bodyguards didn't dare and quickly unlocked the door to the dark room.
Brielle was on the verge of a breakdown. When she noticed the sliver of light, she looked up greedily. The cold snakes and terrifying centipedes had been crawling around her, some even winding around her ankles. She couldn't move, staying still as if she were lifeless..
"Lucky you, otherwise you'd be in here for days."
"Enough talk, get her out of here."
The bodyguards each took an arm and escorted Brielle out. They too were eager to leave the dark room, feeling the chills even from a single extra second inside.
Brielle was too exhausted to speak and simply closed her eyes.
The car sped along. Faith eager for the results, and soon they were at the orphanage. When the car stopped, Brielle was shoved out by the bodyguards.
Her face was swollen, her lips still bleeding, and her eyes were bloodshot, looking utterly miserable. Seeing the long-missed lights, she squinted, the disgusting sensation of being entwined by cold-blooded creatures finally fading.
However, upon spotting Mark in the distance, her smile faded. She didn't want him to see her in such a sorry state.
17:01
Chapter 142
Mark had sharp eyes. Seeing her swollen face, he hurried over, "Brielle, what happened? Who did this to you?"
Awkwardly, Brielle wiped the blood from her lips, "Mark, I'm fine."
Mark's eyes reddened, unable to help glancing at Miranda and Robert. He didn't know them well, but he had met them once when they came to take Brielle from the orphanage. He hadn't recognized them at first, but now he put two and two together. "Isn't Brielle your child? How could you let her be treated this way?"
Miranda and Robert were uncomfortable. They had promised to give Brielle a good life when they took her away. Miranda spoke up first, "Bri, you're here. Mark said you both need to do another DNA test." Robert stood by, glancing at the bruise on Brielle's cheek, silent.
Mark was infuriated by their attitude, almost unable to catch his breath, but what angered him even more was the arrival of Faith. She had always looked down on the orphanage over property disputes, so her greeting was less than gracious. "Shouldn't she be used to it? Brielle's nothing but an ant to me. If I want her alive, she lives. If I want her dead, she has to die."
###Chapter 143
Chapter 143
Mark had always been a straight shooter, the kind of guy who believed in fair play and hard work. Sc. when he came face to face with arrogance on such a grand scale, it left him reeling. The sight of the luxury car, worth over ten million, made him feel powerless. It was clear as day that this was someone with clout someone who could make life difficult.
Brielle rushed to his side, her hand patting his back reassuringly, "Mark, please don't get upset."
Mark's body trembled with fury, and when Spencer showed up, his anger reached its boiling paint.
Spencer already felt like he owed Lillian so much, so the moment he got her message, he came running. When he arrived. Lillian's eyes welled up with tears as she called out, "Spencer."
Spencer was clearly uncomfortable, especially with his fiancée's parents standing not too far away. He forced a smile and gave a curt nod, pretending not to be affected.
Approaching Faith, he asked in a low voice. "Mom, what's going on?"
Faith glared at him with resentment. If only he had been more careful, they wouldn't be in this
mess.
Spencer, aware of his own quitt, harbored even more resentment towards Brielle. It was all Brielle's fault.
"We'll just have to wait for the outcome." she said.
Spencer nodded, his gaze shifting to Brielle, turning to disgust in an instant. "Why are your always around, stirring up more trouble? I heard you sold off the decorations in the villa. Brielle, you're just too greedy. Look, we might be engaged, but we're not married yet. That's all my property until we tie the knot. Uncle Max promised the house to you, not the stuff inside."
Mark's eyes widened in shock at Spencer's words. What was he hearing? An engagement? Brielle and Spencer were engaged?
But wasn't Spencer Lillian's boyfriend? They even came to the orphanage together.
The blow was too much for Mark. He looked from Lillian to Spencer and then back to the Haywood family, struggling to process it all
What kind of life had Brielle been leading all these years, and what had Lillian done? She stole Brielle's fiancé!
Mark felt a tightness in his chest, and before he knew it, the world went black as he fainted.
"Mark!" Brielle was startled and quickly helped him sit down, fanning him and trying to revive him.
She couldn't help but glance over at everyone present. Brielle was unaware of the missing
1/2
17:01
CAN 143
heiress drama and thought the Haywoods were there for another paternity test. She found it amusing; it seemed the Haywoods were desperate to claim Lillian as their own.
She thought she would feel heartbroken, but she didn't. In fact, she felt a weight had been lifted. Deep down, she had always wanted to escape this family, but blood ties had kept her bound. If it turned out to be a huge mix-up, it would be the best surprise ever.
To the Haywoods, it might seem like they were eager to get rid of Brielle, but she was the one. desperate to be free of them.
The ties to the Haywood family were a shackle on her freedom. Her entanglement with Spencer only spelled danger. If she could sever these bonds from the root, she would light fireworks in celebration. So, the urgency on their faces seemed ridiculously amusing to her.
The doctor who was sorting out the files rushed over and performed first ald, stabilizing Mark. Mark couldn't say a word, only holding Brielle's hand in silence. Brielle didn't know what to say either. The truth was finally out.
The doctor, relieved after the emergency aid, turned to Brielle and Lillian. "Both of your files are damaged. The doctor who conducted your original tests has left. You both need to do a new one." He took their hair samples and, without hesitation, followed his team out the door.
Once the doctor had left, the atmosphere became even more strange. Brielle helped Mark up. "Mark, it's chilly outside. Let me help you inside."
Mark patted her hand and, though pale as a sheet, shook his head slowly. He didn't let anyone else come in and shut the door behind them. "Bastards," he muttered under his breath.
"A bunch of bastards." He gasped for air as he sat down, his hand shaking as he clutched Brielle's, "Brielle, you've had it rough all these years. Lillian was an ungrateful girl. You've raised a wolf in sheep's clothing. Does your face hurt? They're bullying you because you don't have a strong backing. Your parents aren't even on your side. What kind of life have you been living?"
Brielle's face was swollen and hearing his words made her feel a pang of heartache.
A few frightened kids sat nearby, clueless about what had happened butside. One little boy bravely fetched an ice pack from the fridge and placed it timidly on the table. Brielle smiled gratefully at the gesture.
in nain in his heart both from the betrayal and the worry for Brielle.
###Chapter 144
Chapter 144
Brielle feared that if Mark kept letting his emotions get the better of him, he might just work himself into a frenzy. "Mark, I'm fine, really. Spencer and I might be engaged, but it'll probably be called off soon. I don't like him, so it's not like I'm heartbroken."
"Sweetheart, do you think I don't know you? When you insisted on taking Lillian with you, it was because you cared too deeply. What Lillian did was like stabbing you in the heart. How could you not be hurt? Now, I almost wish you weren't a Haywood, so you wouldn't have to put up with their nonsense."
Brielle fell silent, knowing that a person's heart can only hold so much disappointment. She was like a sponge that had soaked up all the water it could; even if an ocean swept over it, not another drop could be absorbed. The process of soaking it all up had been painful, but now she was numb.
Outside the orphanage, another person arrived. It was Cameron. The atmosphere turned even more awkward. With the Haywood family scandal, he couldn't keep playing possum and had to come, albeit reluctantly.
Cameron's face was grim, and he deliberately avoided looking at Lillian. Heaven knows how devastated he felt seeing that video. He'd always seen Lillian as someone to walk through life with, and she had never outright rejected him, but then she had a fling with Spencer.
Cameron felt queasy, yet he couldn't suppress the flicker of affection he still felt for her, so he'd been deliberately avoiding the issue. When he got the news, he still couldn't help coming here. He was still worried about her. Years of affection weren't shattered by just one video.
Lillian's heart was a mess. She deliberately avoided Spencer and gave Cameron a pitiful look. Though Cameron was angry, he couldn't help but feel a tug at his heartstrings.
With just a look, Lillian managed to soothe him slightly, but deep down, she was scornful. Once the results came out, these people would be groveling at her feet. She looked up at the closed doors, sneering inside.
Miranda, unable to stand the tension, asked Robert, "If they're redoing the DNA test for you and Lillian, why didn't they take anything from you just now?" Shouldn't they have taken a strand of Robert's hair as well?
It occurred to Robert that perhaps the doctor hadn't needed his samples, maybe because the hospital already had his records from years ago. Reassured, he looked at Lillian with pride. However, this was something Cameron couldn't accept. "Mom, do you really think Lillian is one of the Haywoods?"
Just the thought of Lillian possibly being his sister made Cameron recoil. He remembered the sight of them kissing on the couch, and how awkward future meetings would be if their roles were changed. Cameron's scalp tingled as he avoided Lillian's gaze.
1/2
1701
Chapter 144
Not only Cameron, but even Lillian felt uncomfortable. Then she thought, she wasn't really a Haywood daughter, she was just deceiving these people for now. Otherwise, they would be pointing and shouting at her.
Cameron was still visibly struggling to accept this, "When will the results be out?"
Miranda quickly tried to calm him, "Cameron, don't worry. If Lillian turns out to be one of us, it's the same as if she married you. We'd all be family."
Miranda thought that since Lillian had been with Spencer, she was clear of any ties with her own son. Little did she know that Lillian was adept at playing both sides.
Cameron's cheeks burned with humiliation, and he clenched his teeth in anger, "That's not the same at all! I'd rather Brielle be my sister!"
As his words hung in the air, the sound of a car engine approached. Everyone tensed up, their gazes instinctively turning towards the sound. It was the doctor's car returning. Lillian felt her heart in a vice, her breathing quickened.
Her cheeks flushed with excitement, her palms sweaty. It seemed that she might indeed be a rich girl.
###Chapter 145
Chapter 145
She was determined to take this chance to utterly crush Brielle. Turning on her heel, she strode. towards the orphanage's main door, her eyes brimming with resentment as she flung it open. "Brielle, the doctor's back. Don't you want to know the results?"
What Lillian really wanted to call her was something far less polite, but with the crowd around, she had to keep up appearances.
Brielle, however, was well aware of Lillian's true colors, and with the recent revelation to Mark, she didn't mince her words. "Lillian, I honestly don't care about the results, but if you really are a Haywood, your future encounters with Cameron are going to be quite entertaining."
A flash of pity crossed Lillian's eyes. It seemed Brielle was still in the dark about who they had. conducted the paternity test with.
It wasn't the Haywoods at all. Lillian no longer cared for the Haywoods; what she craved was the status of a miss from an international dynasty.
She watched Brielle with mock sympathy, as if gazing upon a pitiful creature. "You know nothing, and that's truly sad."
Brielle couldn't help but chuckle, especially at the sight of Lillian's feigned pity. "What I mean is, no matter whose daughter I am, I'm still me. Nothing's going to change."
This holier-than-thou attitude was exactly what Lillian loathed the most. "You're all tough talk now, but why don't we step outside and listen to the results together?"
Lillian scoffed, but she felt uneasy under Mark's gaze and quickly looked away. Mark sighed. and, with Brielle's support, they both stepped outside.
The doctor had already come down from his car, eager to deliver the results without delay. As he looked at the report in his hands, he felt at a loss for words.
His expression only heightened the tension, and Lillian swallowed hard, "Well? Am I or am I not..." She was too nervous to finish her sentence, her eyes pleading with the doctor,
The doctor frowned, shaking his head one moment and nodding the next.
Lillian was itching to snatch the report and see for herself.
Brielle was the calmest there. Despite her disheveled appearance and swollen cheeks, her gaze was steady and serene as she looked off into the distance. The others wore their anxiety plainly, including Miranda and Robert.
Spencer and Faith were full of anticipation, and Cameron's face bore the most complex expression.
The doctor sighed, "Miss Lillian, congratulations are in order. You now have parents."
At his words, Lillian let out a sharp scream, her cheeks flushed with excitement.
1/2
17:01
Chapter 145
She really was that mega rich family's daughter! She just wanted to laugh out loud.
Lillian couldn't contain herself any longer, staring at Brielle with blatant scorn, "See, you really are nothing but trash. Even fate doesn't care for you."
Lillian was so triumphant she even raised her hand, eager to slap Brielle's face, but as her wrist was midair, Brielle raised her own hand and slapped her without hesitation.
Lillian was stunned, stumbling backward. Everyone else was just as shocked, none expecting Brielle to react that way.
Brielle smiled at them, "Congratulations. Consider that slap a wedding gift for you and Spencer. From here on out, we go our separate ways."
Heaven knew how relieved she felt, her eyes reddening with joy. For years of grievances had vanished; she wasn't a Haywood after all.
What right did the Haywoods have to make her suffer? No more would she indulge them!
She couldn't help but lift her head high, her smile radiant as if she'd thrown off some garbage.
Her reaction made the Haywoods feel awkward as if they had swallowed a fly.
Only Mark was confused, unsure of what was happening now. Wasn't Lillian supposed to have a paternity test with that prominent family? Why did it seem like she had one with Robert?
He suddenly remembered that he might not have explained things properly to Brielle. "Bri, I think there's been a misunderstanding."
But with such explosive news, who had time to listen to an old man's ramblings?
Miranda was the first to react, wrapping Lillian in an embrace, “Lillian, I knew it! I always felt you were my daughter."
Faith was overjoyed. This confirmed she could tell the world that Brielle had tampered with the records, usurping another's place, and the blame would fall on Brielle. She never imagined Lillian would indeed be the Haywood daughter.
Faith could barely contain her glee, thinking of clearing her son's name, her voice eager. "Lillian, I was too harsh at the Haywoods. Now that you're the rightful Haywood daughter, the engagement with Spencer should be yours. As for Brielle, I'm sure Mr. Haywood has other arrangements for her, doesn't he?"
Chapter 146
###Chapter 146
Chapter 146
Brielle had been freeloading off the Haywood family for so many years, and would the Haywood family have just let her go?
She had to be put to good use, naturally.
Faith tossed the conversation like a hot potato to Robert, her tone edged with a veiled threat. As a mother, she had noticed Spencer's odd behavior towards Brielle and decided to settle her son's marriage sooner rather than later, to put her own mind at ease.
Robert nodded; he did indeed have a sultor in mind.
Brielle couldn't believe how shameless the two were. Using her in the past wasn't enough, and now they wanted her to sell out her marriage too.
She was about to speak up when Mark, shaking, pointed towards the orphanage's front gate. "You people! Get out! Get out of the orphanage!"
was on
Mark had finally seen the light; not one person present Brielle's side. They were all leeches. His eyes instantly bloodshot, and he collapsed.
"Mark!" Brielle was startled and rushed to help him up. "Doctor! Doctor, help!"
There was a doctor present, holding a paternity test report, confused by the sudden turn of events. How come everyone seemed to know the results before he had even spoken a word? Without a second thought, he helped Mark into the car. An elderly man fainting from anger was a dangerous sign, one wrong move and he could be bedridden for life.
Brielle's face was pale, trying to remain calm, but her eyes betrayed her true feelings. "To the hospital, right now."
The doctor, understanding the gravity of the situation, hurriedly asked a colleague to drive while he stayed behind.
Mixed emotions filled the room; Cameron was the first to leave, feeling out of place. Lillian was the happiest, clutching the doctor's sleeve excitedly. "Thank you, doctor, for all your hard work. When will my family come to get me?" She was eager to know her true identity.
The doctor looked at her, puzzled, thinking she already knew the truth.
Neither DNA test matched, but a colleague, noticing a resemblance between Lillian and Robert, had done an additional test. Robert's DNA was on file at the hospital, but the employees who had previously worked on the Haywood's cases had left, and no one knew where they were. The doctor didn't stop his colleague, and it turned out Lillian was indeed a Haywood.
Holding those test results, he couldn't believe it and internally blamed his colleague for meddling. Now, how was he supposed to explain this to the Haywood family? What if they blamed the hospital for the years of mistaken identity?
Chapter 146
The doctor's heart was in turmoil. Many families, including celebrities, came to their hospital for private tests, and his colleague loved gossip. They often did such tests, but he never expected to uncover such a family secret.
Yet, before he could announce it, the Haywoods seemed to already know Lillian was their daughter. How strange. Hearing Lillian's question, the doctor was even more perplexed. "Miss Lillian, isn't your family right here with you?" Lillian's smile froze, and her heart filled with panic as her smile faded, "I don't understand what you mean."
The doctor gathered the remaining documents, his expression calm, "I thought you knew since you seemed so happy. My colleague did some extra tests, and you indeed share blood with Mr. Haywood. As for Brielle, she is not a Haywood."
Lillian's joy vanished at the definitive answer, replaced by fear, as if a hand had seized her throat.
How could this be? After such high hopes, to be told she was a Haywood?
She had been with the Haywoods for so many years, and the novelty had worn off long ago.
And the thought that Brielle might be the real daughter made her eyes redden with rage, her teeth clenched, "Brielle, she's the one from that family?"
The doctor waved off the matter nonchalantly, "No, it seems the person they're looking for isn't at Sunflower Children's Home. We'll have to check other orphanages. I apologize for any trouble regarding the Haywood family. My colleague was being nosy."
Relieved that Brielle wasn't the international heiress, Lillian felt safer now. She had almost thought she'd be under someone's thumb again.
Though a twinge of disappointment lingered, when Miranda came running to hug her, Lillian finally felt true joy.
###Chapter 147
Chapter 147
"Lillian! Oh, Lillian, this is fantastic! Truly fantastic!"
Even Robert's stern face broke into a rare smile as he nodded in satisfaction.
Lillian, trapped in Miranda's tight embrace, struggled for comfort and looked towards Faith. Faith couldn't contain her excitement and clutched Spencer's arm. "Spencer, we'll spin the video scandal to say you two were madly in love, that you knew all along Brielle wasn't a true Haywood, and you kept it a secret because you feared Brielle couldn't handle the truth, right? That's our story."
Faith was already plotting not only Brielle's future but had the whole aftermath sketched out in her mind. First, they'd break off the engagement. The Dorseys would never accept an illegitimate child of unknown origins.
She failed to notice the troubled look on her son's face as she made her way over to Lillian. Spencer stood among these jubilant people, feeling none of their joy.
Brielle was not a Haywood? How could she not be?
With this revelation, their engagement had no grounds to continue. A bitter, numbing pain spread through his heart. He should be feeling elated because Lillian was his true desire. Why the hollowness? The revelry around him felt alien as he caught the expression on Brielle's face when she had left with her escorts. There was a sigh of relief, a sense of release, and a spark of excitement in her eyes. This realization was excruciating. After all these years, she felt no attachment and regret. She's so cold-hearted.
The Haywoods and Faith were busy discussing how to break the news to the public. Robert, aware of Faith's disdain for Brielle-after all, the video scandal had embarrassed her son-eagerly proposed a new match to appease his future in-laws.
The candidate was Tanner, a wealthy but rough-edged fifty-something whose last wife had recently passed away, rumored to have taken her own life due to depression brought on by his infidelity.
Faith was quite pleased, and Miranda, without hesitation, agreed, her expression filled with disgust whenever Brielle's name was mentioned.
Brielle was a nobody who had cost their family a fortune. They needed to recoup their losses.
Meanwhile, Brielle had taken Mark to the hospital, where the doctor had offered some consolation before leaving her alone with her chaotic thoughts.
The Haywoods, eager to distance themselves from the scandal and the circulating video, hastily released the news that Brielle was not a Haywood, emphasizing that it was Lillian who was the long-lost Haywood daughter, usurped by Brielle's deceit.
Chapter 147
The tide of public opinion, once against Lillian for her Indiscretions with Spencer, shifted with this revelation. Lillian, as the true Haywood daughter and Spencer's fiancée, was now seen in the right. Brielle was vilified for stealing both Lillian's Identity and Spencer's affections.
The social circles buzzed with this juicy gossip, but Max was never one for gossip. His WhatsApp was quiet, his contacts few, and group chats non-existent.
When Andrew sent him the news, Max was in a meeting and didn't bother to check until he caught a glimpse of Brielle's name. Reluctantly, he opened the message. [The Haywoods were disowning Brielle, planning to formally reintroduce Lillian at a family dinner that might also serve to announce the cancellation of Brielle and Spencer's engagement. Any thoughts?]
[No thoughts.] Max's reply was nonchalant. As he was about to put his phone away, another. message from Andrew popped up. [Now that she's no longer your nephew's fiancée, does the taboo thrill still hold any sway? She's not going to marry him anyway, might as well cut her loose now.]
the
For Andrew, all women but Tessa were mere s, disposable commodities, hence the disrespect in his words.
It was past two in the morning, and rain had begun to fall outside. A sudden heaviness settled in Max's chest, which he attributed to the rain rather than Andrew's distasteful message. Chapter 148
###Chapter 148
Chapter 148
Andrew had just been swindled out of thirty million, and harboring resentment towards Brielle was a oven. He'd never been so thoroughly duped by a woman before. Thus, when Max didn't reob. Andrew anxiously started sending messages again.
[You're not seriously considering marrying her, are you? With a woman like Brielle, if she actually falls for you, good luck trying to shake her off.]
Not getting married.]
Max replied to that query pretty swiftly. He had no feelings for Brielle, had never contemplated marriage, and therefore, a future with her was absolutely out of the question.
After responding, Max stopped paying attention to the conversation and instead focused on the pile of documents in front of him.
It was bedtime, yet he felt not the slightest hint of sleepiness. After all the recent upheaval, he
wondered how Brielle was feeling. Was she at her apartment?
With these thoughts in mind, he slowly stood, picking up his suit jacket. Just as he reached the downstairs, he ran into Wesley, who was warming up some milk. "Sir, you're up late."
Max was usually punctual in his routine, except when working overtime. Seeing him with his suit Wesley assumed Max was heading to the office for more work.
"Sir, shall I wake Patrick to drive you over?"
"No need."
Max had already reached the foyer, his demeanor as businesslike as ever.
Watching his retreating figure, Wesley thus about how Dorsey International's success was
tightly linked to Max's diligence. It was late, yet here he was, off to handle more company matters. Wesley decided it was time to brew some hearty soup to help Max sustain his energy. Max headed to the garage and chose a more subdued Mulsanne to drive to Brielle's apartment. As the car came to a stop, he clenched the steering wheel, a frown creasing his brow.
What was he doing? Why was he out in the dead of night, looking for a woman?
He and Brielle were clear on the nature of their relationship - they clicked, so they played their roles in this charade. There was no need for seriousness. And certainly no need to lose sleep over her. While he reasoned there was no need, Max's exit from the car was swift.
Brielle's apartment building was decently located but quite aged, its elevator plastered with colorful eye-catching ads. The first time he woke up in this building, those ads gave him a moment of discomfort. It wasn't that he looked down on the place; rather, he thought it odd for the daughter of the Haywood family to be living here.
Chapter 148
Exiting the elevator, Max stopped at the familiar door and rang the bell.
With all the chaos, Brielle, however carefree she might be, was likely awake. After ringing the bell three times with no answer, he remembered WhatsApp and sent her a message. [Where are you?]
Currently, Brielle sat in a chilly hospital corridor, the air damp and cold.
Mark was still in surgery, and finally, the lights in the operating room went out, and the doctor came out pushing a gurney.
"Ms. Brielle." The doctor removed his mask, his eyes red with fatigue, "Does the patient have other children? We didn't miss the golden hour for treatment, but his constitution is weak. He'll be wheelchair- dependent from now on."
Some elderly might become paralyzed, even turn into a vegetable from such an episode. Mark had been lucky this time.
Brielle felt as though her heart had been punctured. "Isn't there anything else we can try? Money is not an issue."
"I'm sorry, we've done all we can. If you hadn't brought him in immediately, the patient might have ended up paralyzed." Brielle blinked back the stinging in her eyes and slowly nodded.
Mark was moved to a room, and Brielle stood at the door, her hand on the frame, uncertain whether to go in.
Her phone rang then, and she saw it was a message from Max. At this moment, she really didn't have the energy to deal with it. Instead, she raised her hand to rub her forehead, exchanged a few words with the doctor, reduced some swelling on her cheeks, and planned to return to the apartment.
Max waited at her door, wondering if perhaps she was asleep and hadn't seen the messages. He tentatively rang the bell again, and suddenly a neighbor opened their door, irate. "What the hell are you doing in the middle of the night-"
Catching sight of Max's stature and demeanor, the tirade cut short, leaving just a stunned. "You-you..."
The door slammed shut.
Seconds later, it cracked open and a head peeked out, "Young man, that girl might be engaged. I've seen her fiancé. If you're in such a hurry to get hitched, my niece is..." "No thank you."
Never in Max's life had someone dared to play matchmaker for him like this.
The neighbor, unfazed by the rejection, must have assumed it was a matter of taste. "Well, my
niece is overseas, quite the catch. Ivy League graduate, owns five properties, still single
2/3
17:02
Chapter 148
because she's picky. If you don't mind, perhaps-"
Before Max's patience wore thin, Brielle finally showed up.
###Chapter 149
Chapter 149
Brielle never imagined that returning home at the witching hour of 3 A.M. would lead to an encounter with Max right on her doorstep. Max was even being set up by the neighbor? The world seemed to be spinning its own surreal tale.
She hurriedly stepped forward, fumbling with her keys to unlock the door, while offering a strained smile and thanks to the neighbor. "Thanks a bunch, really, he's good on his own. He's a celibate, you know. The neighbor was no fool and seemed eager to follow up. "A celibate at your place? Don't you have a fiancé?"
Cursed be those times Spencer had made a spectacle of himself, making their relationship the talk of the town.
Caught off guard, Brielle managed to chuckle as she shut the door, "This is strictly between us, definitely not for my fiancé's ears."
Left on the doorstep. The neighbor's face was a complex puzzle of emotions. Max's looks were hard to ignore, and she couldn't help but mutter, "Handsome lad, but what a shame about his choices. Even if you're just arm candy, at least pick someone with deep pockets. Not many around here with fat wallets."
Inside, Max sat silently on the sofa, his features clouded with discomfort.
Brielle, though sleepy, couldn't help but find humor in the situation. She fetched a glass of water from the kitchen. "Sorry about that, Mr. Dorsey. She loves playing matchmaker. Guess she fancied your looks." Max looked up, squinting as he appraised her. Aside from the fatigue etched on her face, she revealed nothing else.
No sadness, no regret, no anger.
His heart seemed to clench inexplicably.
"Why would Mr. Dorsey come here? Is it related to Book company?"
Brielle certainly wouldn't presume that Max came to see her. The first thing that came to her mind was Book. She had organized the information at that time. Could there be a problem with
the information?
She glanced at the wall clock; it was already half-past three in the morning. To discuss work at this hour, Max really was hard working.
A sharp look flashed in Max's eyes, and the cold aura around his eyebrows was so icy that it could turn into white frost..
Mr. Dorsey? In private, she usually preferred to call him Uncle Max. But now, considering she needed to break off her engagement with Spencer, she couldn't call him Uncle Max anymore? Or perhaps, she wanted to end this relationship that should never have started.
He glanced down, his gaze falling on the black rosary around his wrist. His fingers delicately played with the beads, a sign his patience was wearing thin, Oddly enough, his chest felt tight,
He couldn't help but glance at his chest, wondering it something was amiss, but his yearly medical exams always showed he was in top shape,
This feeling was foreign, tinged with a trace of Irritation.
Andrew had suggested this could be an opportunity to cut ties with Brielle, but Max felt the reality was the opposite. It's as It Brielle wanted to use this chance to push him away. This realization froze his fingers mid-bead, a shadow crossing his eyes.
"Three in the morning, and I'm here at the home of a woman I've been involved with. Do your really think it's about work?" His expression showed rare signs of exasperation as he casually loosened his tie, tilting his head back slightly. "What do you take me for?"
Brielle wasn't listening closely, her mind busily sorting through her next moves.
The Haywood clan sought vengeance, Ryan wouldn't let her off easy, Mark and the kids needed. her, and her colleagues at Dorsey International were not pleased with her. Tessa might be keeping tabs on her too. From every angle, she seemed surrounded by threats.
Maintaining her relationship with Max could save her a lot of trouble. At least until she could comfortably leave Beaconsfield, then she could afford to sever ties with him.
Having made up her mind, even in exhaustion, Brielle perched herself on his lap, softly pressing. her lips to his. Aubree was right. Max's lips were too inviting, easy to get lost in, especially when he presented himself as hers for the taking. It was the kind of temptation that could drive a woman to ruin.
Brielle, tired as she was, took the lead momentarily before resting her forehead against his shoulder.
It was an invitation.
###Chapter 150
Chapter 150
Max would never refuse. With a swift move, he scooped her up horizontally and carried her into the bedroom.
The apartment was decorated with a cozy touch, and a long, lingering ship's horn echoed from outside the window. The diligent vendors had already begun to set up shop on the streets, and the savory scent of pancakes filled the city air.
Everything was so idyllic, but they both knew that the intimacy between them was nothing more than a sham, a shadow play of pretense.
Brielle closed her eyes, her rational mind advising her a thousand times over, but the pleasure seeping from her very bones was undeniable. Her cheeks were flushed with sweat, as if all acts of rebellion had blossomed into bewitching flowers of allure.
Max had control over her, and as he watched her sleeping face, he suddenly wondered what he would do if she had just said she wanted to end things. In that moment, the surging bitterness was undeniable. It was unclear whether it was a man's pride at play or the inability to withstand being kicked to the curb.
"Brielle?" he called out.
She was too exhausted to move even a finger and responded with a groggy "Hmm?"
"It ends when I say it ends."
Brielle had no idea what he was talking about. She was sound asleep.
When morning came, Brielle felt sore all over. She turned over, squinting as the sunlight streamed in, stinging her eyes. It was indeed her own apartment.
She recalled the events from last night, and at this moment, it felt like she was still in a dream. She got up, still in her pajamas, and nearly collapsed to her knees.
Her complexion changed, her lips trembled, and she ended up leaning against the wall, gasping for air. Just how long had Max kept her up last night?
Stepping out of the bedroom, she saw the man still sitting on the couch and wondered if it was the weekend. It was only Wednesday, and he, being a workaholic, should have been at the office. "Mr. Dorsey," she called out, then sat down on a single-seater sofa. "I'm taking the day off. Occupational hazard."
The reason for the 'hazard' was something he was well aware of.
"Mhm."
He didn't look up, flipping through the documents in his hand, probably delivered by Patrick earlier that morning.
17:02
Brielle's neck was also sore, and just as she reached up to rub it, the doorbell rang. She glanced instinctively at Max.
Max continued to peruse his documents, engrossed, unbothered by the interruption.
Brielle walked to the door and, upon seeing Aubree, she pressed her lips together, guiltily touching her neck. She went back to the bedroom to change into a turtleneck, then returned to open the door. Aubree looked unusually anxious, her gaze shifting past Brielle to the man on the sofa, her expression turning complex. Brielle also felt a tinge of guilt as she closed the door, "What's happened to bring you over so early?"
*You call this early?" Aubree pointed to the clock on the wall-it was already noon.
Brielle didn't know what to say, trying to brush it off, but then she saw Aubree approach Max, "Well, look at you with a beautiful girl by your side, and you don't bother to come to the
company."
Brielle's face reddened with embarrassment, and she quickly tugged at Aubree's wrist.
Aubree sat down, clearly frustrated, "Did you see the message I sent? The Haywood family has announced they're acknowledging Lillian as their own, claiming you've been stealing Lillian's identity for years. What's going on? Is Lillian really their daughter? Was there a mix-up before?" Aubree couldn't believe it and, remembering how smug Lillian must be feeling, she felt extremely unsettled.
"Yes, there was a mix-up. We did another paternity test, and she's the real Haywood daughter." Brielle spoke without any inflection, even contemplating whether to order some takeout.
Aubree sighed, "The rumors are wild out there. They're saying you're cunning, that you knew how to tamper with the results at a young age, and that all the good times you've had these years were stolen. They want you to apologize to Lillian."
Aubree's face was filled with disgust. "The Haywood family is throwing a party for Lillian tomorrow night, officially announcing the news."
Brielle pursed her lips, not expecting a single scandalous video to.stir up so much trouble.
Apologize to Lillian? In her dreams.
The Haywoods had made the mistake themselves. She was just a ten-year-old child then, so why should she bear the burden of their error?
After some thought, she transferred ten million to Miranda's account. The amount the Haywoods had spent on her over the years was certainly not that much, and she thoughtfully included the interest as well. As soon as she made the transfer, Miranda's call came through.
"Bri, what's this all about?"
###C Hapter 151
Chapter 151
Brielle couldn't help but find it amusing, the act they were putting on so late in the game.
"The Haywoods have footed the bill for my upkeep all these years," she said, a wry smile touching her lips. "I've tallied up the costs, with interest, and paid you back in full. Let's not have any more of these inconvenient calls, shall we?"
This was not the scenario Miranda had expected. Shouldn't Brielle be the one unable to bear parting with them, begging to stay with the Haywoods? Without their intervention, Brielle might be out on some street corner begging for change right now.
A surge of irritation flashed through Miranda, her temper flaring. "Brielle, what do you mean 'don't disturb you'?" Miranda spat. "The Haywood family has supported you for so many years, and you've occupied Lillian's identity for so long. Now, you almost ruined her reputation, and you have the audacity to say not to disturb you. You really are ungratful. Tomorrow night, we are organizing a banquet for Lillian, and you have to come and apologize in person. You owe Lillian, and you'll never be able to repay it in this lifetime."
Her self-righteousness was grating. Brielle's smile widened, "Well, I shall not repay it then."
"Brielle, you-"
Brielle was done with the nonsense. She had to admit, after being taken in by the Haywoods. she'd had access to some educational resources. But whether it was moving up from middle to high school, or from high school to college, it was all on her own merit. The money the Haywoods spent on her couldn't compare to a fraction of what they showered on Lillian.
Ten million should more than cover it.
"Mrs. Haywood, I've got work to do, so I'll be hanging up now." Without hesitation, she ended the call, feeling the irony of it all.
Aubree was fuming beside her, then burst out laughing at the absurdity, "Do they think you're clinging to the Haywoods for dear life?"
"Seems like it. So, my generous payout must've wounded their pride."
Brielle sat back nonchalantly, her stomach rumbling with hunger.
Aubree was at a loss for words concerning the Haywoods, thinking about the life Brielle had endured, her anger palpable, "And they expect you to attend the party tomorrow night?" "Yeah, they want a personal apology to Lillian."
"The nerve! They're shameless!" Aubree cursed, letting out her frustration. "How much did you send them?"
"Ten million."
"Bri. I know you just got thirty million, but did the Haywoods ever spend two million on you? Did
MANN IST
she take it?"
A snide laugh escaped Brielle, “Oh, she snapped it up quick enough.”
Aubree was at a loss for words, "So, are you going tomorrow?"
As Aubree asked, she glanced at her phone, her frown deepening. "The haters are piling on now. All those idle gossips in the circle are slamming you one-sidedly, elevating Lillian to sainthood." Brielle didn't want to hear any more about the Haywoods and was content to rest on the couch, but Aubree's next words snapped her to attention. "Bri, you've been donating to the Sunflower Children's Home all this time, right? You only kept enough to live on each month, but now the charity is listing Lillian as the donor."
Brielle's expression darkened, her eyes sharpening. "What do you mean?"
Aubree's own anger was palpable. "I don't know, but everyone's praising her now, saying she's got a heart of gold, always donating to the orphanage. It's all over the social circles, and the charity's released the donor details-it's definitely Lillian."
Brielle's fingers clenched, a bitter memory flashing through her mind. She had trusted Lillian too much, allowing her to handle the beneficiary details for her donations. Lillian had played a cunning game, switching the donor name to her own.
Before this revelation, the public opinion hadn't been entirely against Brielle, but once the charity released the donor details, everyone seemed to side with Lillian.
A girl who had stayed with the Haywoods, working hard from a young age, growing up to give back to the home that had taken her in, leaving herself just enough to get by and donating the rest-such a benevolent person who had been replaced as the heiress from the start and believed she was living on borrowed time.
That was the persona Lillian had crafted.
It was effective, and with the undeniable proof of the donor's name, Brielle was subject to much vitriol
Brielle scoffed, "I'll be attending the party tomorrow night."
Chapter 15
###Chapter 152
Chapter 152
After finishing her thought, she glanced over at Max, who seemed entirely unfazed by all the petty scheming, as if such trivial plots were beneath him.
Today, he was without his usual tie, his shirt undone at the top two buttons, revealing a rare glimpse of casualness,
The doorbell rang again, and Brielle went to answer it, discovering Patrick on the doorstep. Patrick was holding a large bag, which appeared to be packed with groceries, including some exotic fruits that had to be flown in from overseas.
"Ms. Brielle," Patrick said respectfully, gesturing for the chef to carry the bags into the kitchen,
"Ms. Brielle, many of these items have been prepped at the hotel's kitchen. I've brought the head chef over to prepare lunch for you and Mr. Dorsey,"
Brielle looked toward the chel, now bustling in the kitchen with his toque blanche standing tall. This, she mused, must be the lifestyle of the wealthy.
She chuckled to herself, thanking him and reaching for the fruit to wash it. Patrick, however, stepped back, looking somewhat panic-stricken. "Please, allow me, Ms. Brielle. You should sit."
Patrick, who had been by Max's side for years, had never seen him dash out in the middle of the night for a woman. Before, only his work commanded such urgency from him. However, that rule had now been shattered, whether he was aware of it or not. Indeed, Brielle was something special.
Brielle stood at the dining table, feeling as if the apartment had never shone so brightly.
Meanwhile, Aubree had already started smiling, arms folded, eyebrow raised in Max's direction. Max maintained his usual cool demeanor. Unable to resist, Aubree edged closer, sliding a stack of unreviewed documents toward him, "Mr. Dorsey, did you enjoy your sleepover last night?" Max lifted his gaze briefly, "So?"
"So, about tomorrow night's dinner party, are you going to accompany Bri?"
Neither Max nor Brielle had expected Aubree to make such a request. Brielle hurried forward to intervene, but saw Max already looking her way. "Do you want me to go?"
From a rational standpoint, his presence wouldn't change much. After all, there was nothing between them. But if Brielle wanted it, he couldn't find a reason to refuse.
Before Brielle could speak, Aubree jumped in, "The Haywoods won't let Bri off easy, and neither will the Spencer. There is Sophia from the Rowlands, and Emily, who's been in trouble with the law. I bet the Hatfields will also come after her."
Considering this, Brielle's situation seemed precarious.
1/2
Chapte
But just as Aubree finished, Patrick emerged with the fruit, chiming in, "The Hatfields won't trouble Ms. Brielle. Emily was flown out of the country last night, unlikely to return. The president has spoken with the Hatfields. They won't bother Ms. Brielle."
Realizing he had said too much, Patrick hurriedly placed the fruit platter on the coffee table. "Ms. Brielle, Miss Aubree, please enjoy the fruit."
The fruit, washed by Patrick, had been artfully carved by the chef, making it instantly more. appealing. However, both women were now more curious about Patrick's revelation.
Brielle turned to Max, inquiring. "Mr. Dorsey spoke with the Hatfields?"
Max's lips tightened, a flash of annoyance crossing his face. He'd always preferred action over words. Being so blatantly exposed made him feel uncomfortable.
"Hmm."
Brielle hadn't expected that a mere word from Max could eliminate a potential enemy. Her heart suddenly felt warm.
Max's aloofness could be hurtful, but his occasional tenderness was touching. He was different from the others, and she knew she shouldn't expect anything more.
It was then that Aubree shook her skirt, "Bri, Mr. Dorsey is far more reliable than Andrew. And even if things don't work out in the future, I'm sure Mr. Dorsey won't be stingy, right?"
The last question was aimed at Max.
Max frowned reflexively, "Don't compare me to Andrew."
A shadow passed through Aubree's eyes before she smirked sarcastically. "So Mr. Dorsey acknowledges that Andrew is scum? Well, that scum was quite generous last night, giving Bri thirty million." As soon as she finished, Max produced a card, placing it on the table and solemnly sliding it toward Brielle.
Aubree blinked in confusion.
Brielle was doubly puzzled.
Wasn't he not comparing himself to Andrew?
###Chapter 153
Chapter 153
Patrick couldn't help but chuckle to himself as he silently poured everyone some steaming coffee and took a seat on the sidelines, waiting for Max's cue.
Max had skipped the office that morning, opting instead to hammer out three meetings at the crack of dawn followed by a bout of paperwork. The decision regarding the Book deal still needed a round-table with the senior executives.
The room was tense, with only the sumptuous aroma of shrimp and steak wafting from the kitchen.
Aubree was the first to snap, feeling like she was being forced to watch a public display of affection. She didn't buy the idea of a future between those two, but at least for the moment. Max wasn't just stringing Brielle along.
Aubree might have been a mess in her own love life, but she was surprisingly lucid about others'. She'd seen through Spencer's unreliability a long time ago and had always advised. Brielle to break it off, but Brielle was tethered by the so-called engagement, willingly playing the pawn for the Dorsey family.
Given such precedents, Aubree figured she should advise Brielle to play her cards right with Max. After all, even the crumbs from Max's table could, furnish a lifetime of splendor for an ordinary person. However, she could tell Brielle was genuinely invested, albeit only a fraction. Not much, yet not to be trampled upon.
So instead of intervening, Aubree stood up, yawning. "Looks like Mr. Dorsey will escort Bri to the party. With you there, I can breathe easy. Bri, you're in good hands." She arrived swiftly and departed just as quickly.
At the elevator, Aubree stared blankly at the changing numbers before mocking herself, "Turns out, only Andrew is a real scumbag."
Andrew had a person he loved, yet he shamelessly indulged in the affections of a woman who adored him, and humiliated her when he was in a foul mood.
Max might not understand love, but he was willing to break his rules for a woman he'd been intimate with, even if just once. That alone was enough to make someone fall hard.
The difference was clear.
Back in the apartment, Brielle pushed the card back towards Max.
Max, with downcast eyes, gazed at his computer screen, "Is it so wrong to want to give a canary a more splendid cage?" He had his own unique way of speaking romance. Brielle looked at the card but didn't reach for it. A splendid, sturdy cage could trap a canary forever, couldn't it?
1/2
15:37
Chapter 153
She was indeed drawn to Max but knew they came from different worlds. A bitter taste spread through her heart. "A mansion worth over twenty million is enough, Mr. Dorsey. You've been a most generous benefactor."
"I have money," he said, his tone indifferent, his brow furrowing as he puzzled over the rejected. offer. It was the first time his money had been declined.
Brielle couldn't help but laugh at his reaction, "I know you're not short on cash, Mr. Dorsey. But Andrew cut me that check out of respect for you. If I took your card as well, it would seem rather greedy." She picked up a document from the table, "The restaurant Kenzo recommended last time was great. Are you free tonight, Mr. Dorsey? My treat."
"Free after ten."
Brielle rolled her eyes internally. At ten at night, they'd be lucky to get dishwater. She eyed the hand he'd casually placed on the table and edged closer. "If you're only free at ten, should I be waiting in the bedroom?"
Max looked up, his gaze colliding with hers. "That's an option, certainly more sincere than a dinner invitation."
Pervert.
Brielle's face flushed, her heart racing. Conscious of Patrick's presence, she couldn't continue the banter and felt parched and flustered.
Patrick, ever tactful, seemed engrossed in his own thoughts, pretending not to hear the flirtatious exchange..
Brielle, having veered the conversation off track, now had to steer it back, "Are we heading to a meeting this afternoon?"
But Max, fixated on her face, didn't reply.
Brielle's cheeks had been swollen from the slaps she'd received, and even after a quick fix at the hospital the previous night, they were still slightly puffed when she came to see Max. By morning, the bruises had faded significantly.
Checking her reflection in the restroom, she had been concerned about frightening Max with her appearance. Thankfully, she looked much better now, and recalling last night's tangle with him, she realized he hadn't been put off by her swollen face.
"Who hit you last night?" Max wasn't indifferent; he had simply noticed her off-kilter emotions the previous evening. Now that she seemed better, he wanted to know.
Was it someone from the Haywood family, or the Dorsey family?
Was she so easily bullied?
2/2
###Chapter 154
Chapter 154
Brielle's nose tingled with an unspoken sorrow. Her heart bore secret scars, teeming with pride and self-esteem in excess. To be humiliated or to ask lavors of others was to her a shame most profound. So, when Max probed her with that question, her cheeks, which shouldn't have hurt, blazed anew. The wounds Faith and Ryan had inflicted were not just of the flesh.
Max, seeing her silent, reached out and took her chin in his hand, locking eyes with her. His eyelids, thin and imposing, seemed to tighten the air around them when drawn together.
Heat rose in waves across Brielle's face, and with Patrick standing by, her embarrassment. surged.
Patrick, ever perceptive, rose and feigned a trip to the kitchen to lend a hand, but through the glass door, he watched the pair surreptitiously.
With Patrick gone, Brielle felt a measure of relief wash over her. Her eyes reddened slightly. lending her a pitiable air. Max had no fondness for pity. In a dog-eat-dog world, weakness was an invitation to be trampled.
"What are you crying for?" His voice softened, and he let go of her chin. "Who hit you? Hit them back. If there's trouble, I've got you covered. What are you scared of?"
As his canary, there was no reason she should suffer at another's hand. Moreover, after last night's debacle, it irked him that Brielle hadn't called.
Just now, in his presence, she and Aubree had subtly praised Andrew for his generosity. Max began to wonder if he was falling short. He had never cared for a delicate creature like a woman before and didn't know how to handle her.
Brielle, for her part, never sought help. Used to solitude, she tackled everything alone. This realization sat uncomfortably with Max. He even resolved to go home later and look up how to properly care for a canary.
Brielle sat silently, her mind a blank slate. After a long moment, she looked up at the man still coldly immersed in his paperwork.
His hair caught the light from the window, casting a cool golden sheen, his skin pale, his lashes long, his wristbones sharp as blades. Was such a man truly behind her?
She pursed her lips, then finally asked, "What if I cause a scene at tomorrow night's party?"
Before she could finish, Max interjected, "If you're wronged, it reflects on me."
Brielle found it amusing, chuckled to herself for a moment, and then said. "Thank you. As for the files on the Book Group, I can compile a more detailed report for you, or I could even go abroad myself to scout for potential investment opportunities. Mr. Dorsey, I have nothing to repay your kindness with, so I'll dedicate my all to Dorsey International."
After her speech, she reached for a nearby teacup. "Mr. Dorsey, are you thirsty?"
1/2
15:37 1
Chapter 154
Amusement flickered in Max's eyes as he took the cup, a faint smile playing at his lips. "Trying to curry favor?"
Internally, Brielle rolled her eyes. Wasn't that obvious?
Max found this side of Brielle rather refreshing. Flattery, subservience, no pretenses. She was disarmingly candid, and it pleased him.
So when Patrick came out with the tray, what he saw was the scene of Max's frosty demeanor melting away, with Brielle sitting by his side. They were talking about something. Her eyes were slowly showing hints of smile, and the pressure of her bite on her lip was deepening.
Patrick didn't linger, signaling the chef to bring out the rest of the meal before excusing himself. For Brielle, it was a first to enjoy the privilege of a star-rated chef's personal service. After a satisfying meal and a call to check on Mark, she turned her attention to the charity.
The charity had always treated her with reverence, "Ms. Haywood, you've already made this month's donation."
"I know," she replied. "You keep calling me 'Ms. Haywood.' Do you know my first name?"
There was a pause on the line. "Isn't it Miss Lillian?"
Brielle scoffed coldly. It wasn't the charity's fault. With both women sharing the same surname and the charity only knowing her as 'Ms. Haywood,' they were unaware of her true identity.
"My name is Brielle. I was too busy with work back then, so I had Lillian handle the paperwork. You do have security cameras there, right?"
Chapter 155
###Chapter 155
Chapter 155
The charity had never experienced anything quite like it. Someone actually changed the donor's name to their own.
"Ms. Brielle, we're recording everything here. If you need it, I can get a transcript prepared for you now."
"Sure, send it over."
After hanging up the phone, she rubbed her temples and dialed the hospital.
The news that Mark had regained consciousness was a relief, but his spirits had plummeted upon learning he'd be bound to a wheelchair.
In Brielle's account, there were still tens of millions, just enough to find a new location for the orphanage. Faith was probably not going to give up that piece of land, but Brielle had a contract to protect her interests.
Before she could even speak, Max inquired, "Need a lawyer?"
Brielle nodded.
"Poke around the legal department at Dorsey International, and pick whoever you fancy." His tone was casual as he gathered all the documents. "As for the orphanage relocation, ask Patrick."
The legal department at Dorsey International was known as the Invincibles. It was said that since their very first case, they had never lost. With their help, even the toughest cases could be won, and they raked in hundreds of millions in compensation for Dorsey International each year. With them in her corner, Faith didn't stand a chance.
Brielle thought it over and decided not to refuse the help. "Thanks."
They walked side by side to the door. As they pulled it open, they ran into the neighbor from the night before.
The neighbor, holding a bag of groceries, couldn't help but offer some advice upon seeing them leave together. "Young man, what kind of future can you have with this girl? How much can she pay you in a month? My niece owns five properties, and she's willing to give you two if you're interested - prime real estate. You wouldn't have to worry about a thing. Think it over, with your looks, you could have anyone?" Everyone loves a beautiful face, and Max was just the type her high-and-mighty niece would fall for.
Brielle found it amusing and hurried to keep pace with Max, who had quickened his steps. The neighbor's nagging followed them, "Why are you so stubborn?"
In the elevator, Brielle stifled a laugh and sneaked a peek at Max's stern expression. His jaw was clenched, lips thin, and his eyes were sharp. The temperature seemed to drop several degrees.
15:37
Chapter 155
She was about to say something to lighten the mood when the doors opened, and there stood Spencer.
Spencer's pupils contracted sharply at the sight of them, his brain freezing, unsure of how to
react.
The elevator, plastered with local ads, was an odd backdrop for Max, but his presence filled the space with an incongruous allure. Spencer's heart skipped a beat, disbelieving. "Uncle Max, what are you doing here?"
How could he be at Brielle's apartment, descending together no less?
He knew Max was a clean freak, usually only Patrick got that close to him. Yet there Brielle stood, her arm nearly brushing Max's suit - an intimate proximity.
Spencer's face paled, his mind racing with thoughts he dared not fully entertain.
Max remained impassive, stepping forward, "Came to see Brielle." He didn't lie, nor did he see the need to.
Spencer felt a chill, his lips trembling, as he incredulously turned to Brielle.
Brielle smiled, "I took a day off. Dorsey International is considering an investment in a book project, and I was preparing the data. There was an issue, so Mr. Dorsey came to see me. Patrick was here too. Did you need something?" It was a clarification for Max.
A wave of unease tightened Spencer's chest as he took in the sight of her turtleneck. Normally, he would have accepted the explanation without question. However, Max rarely frequented the family estate, much less the residences of other execs. So, what other reason could there be for this unexpected visit?
It couldn't possibly be that his proud and reserved Uncle Max had descended to favor a mortal woman. Impossible. Max would never do such a thing for a woman.
Spencer scoffed at himself for even thinking it. Brielle might be somewhat attractive, but she wasn't the type to dazzle-Max.
"Brielle, you transferred ten million to the Haywood family. That's quite a generous move. Are you that eager to cut ties? Remember, without the Haywood family, you'll have no backup. Anyone could step on you."
Brielle pushed past him, not sparing another glance, "When I was with the Haywood family. I never used them as backup. As for being stepped on, anyone is welcome to try."
Spencer felt a pang in his chest, his voice hoarse as he grasped her wrist. "Brielle, did you ever care for me, even the slightest bit?"
He didn't know why he asked; he just couldn't let it go. In his mind, Brielle had always been an outsider, someone easy to dismiss. Yet with the annulment of their engagement imminent, he found himself flustered.
###Chapter 156
Chapter 156
He began to meticulously recall every moment, every nuance of his years with Brielle.
Why had he gotten entangled with Lillian in the first place? Perhaps it was because Brielle always seemed so distant, her laughter devoid of warmth, as if she were trampling on his pride.
Brielle never needed tutoring, so when he showed up at her doorstep, brimming with
enthusiasm and homework in hand, she would simply cross her arms and coolly ask him where he was struggling.
Her independence didn't quite fit the traditional mold of femininity. In contrast, Lillian clung to him daily with questions and would then look up at him with adoration, inflating his ego to soaring heights. Everything he couldn't get from Brielle, he received from Lillian. What was so wrong about liking Lillian? Brielle's body had been sullied by others.
Spencer felt a mix of disgust and anger. Seeing Brielle walk away without a backward glance only intensified the surge of resentment within him.
He would make Brielle regret this; he would make those men who had tempted her behind his back pay.
In a fit of rage, he punched the wall.
Meanwhile, Brielle quickly slipped into Max's car, her gaze fixed irritably outside the window.
Spencer hadn't come out. He was probably still inside, fuming with rage. She had planned to take the day off, but with Spencer there, she was itching to go to the office just to pass the
time.
As the car was about to start, Spencer emerged, predictably with a scowl. He looked around, likely searching for Brielle. Then he approached Max's car and shouted through the window. *Uncle Max, I stopped by the family estate last night, and grandpa asked me to pass on a message to you."
"What is it?"
Max's eyes were on his papers, but through the crack in the window, Spencer's voice continued. "Grandpa's wondering when you plan to meet with the Barnes family. Both sides are keen on arranging a dinner. He tried calling you, couldn't get through, and Patrick's line was busy. Knowing you're busy, he sent me to deliver the message."
The reason Spencer had been at the estate, of course, had to do with that video. Fortunately. Tiffanie, the one who spread the video, had been grounded. Who knew how she was faring now, probably going mad in confinement.
A sneer crossed his eyes. "I hope this time, Uncle Max, you won't plead for Tiffanie. Aunt Victoria is quite furious this time."
1/2
15:36
Chapter 156
Brielle's heart skipped a beat upon hearing this. Tiffanie was being punished? Didn't she claim no one dared lay a hand on her?
She anxiously looked at Max, only to hear him ask indifferently. "Locked up in the attic again? Can't they come up with something new besides this old trick?"
His tone was mocking, and Spencer didn't dare to respond.
Max, looking straight ahead, said coldly, "Drive."
Patrick nodded and promptly hit the gas.
Brielle's palms were sweating. She couldn't help but ask, "Is the situation with Tiffanie that serious? It was my lack of foresight. I should have released the video myself."
"If you had, you'd be the one in Michael's clutches right now." Max closed his eyes, tapping his fingers lightly on the documents. "The Dorsey family will always protect their own. No matter how Spencer fails or betrays, Michael will always see it as your fault."
That was reality.
With Tiffanie taking the heat, Michael wouldn't notice her for the time being, but if Brielle had been the one to release the video, she wouldn't live to see another sunrise. Michael's methods were not something Ryan could ever match.
Brielle's face darkened, and she looked up. "I know, but I only wanted Tiffanie to watch the show, not drag her down with me." She felt guilty.
"It's fine; she's probably used to being grounded by now."
It seemed Victoria had no soft spot for Tiffanie, but why? Weren't they mother and daughter?
Brielle had heard of Victoria's husband, handsome and refined, a pianist who rarely made public appearances but toured the world giving concerts.
Victoria herself came from a distinguished background. How could such parents not treat their own child well?
Max lifted his hand and pulled her closer, wrapping an arm around her waist. "Victoria chased Everett like a woman possessed. She attended every piano concert of his, but he always. rejected her." Everett was Victoria's husband now. They ended up together, didn't they?
Sensing her confusion, Max pinched her chin. "One year, while abroad at one of his concerts, Victoria was cornered by thugs and tormented for three days, resulting in Tiffanie. To cover up the scandal, the Dorsey family forced Everett to marry Victoria, claiming it was a premarital pregnancy. In my father's eyes, nothing and no one could tarnish the Dorsey name, and no one could let the Dorseys suffer any loss, even if Victoria was in the wrong. As long as she wanted sqmething, my father would make it happen for her."
Such bias had reached the extent of disregarding the wishes of others.
###Chapter 157
Chapter 157
To Brielle, the pianist seemed like the innocent party, constantly rebuffing Victoria's advances from start to finish.
Victoria, regardless of everything, attended every performance, encountered a sudden disaster herself, and in the end, she married the man she admired while carrying a baby.
While Victoria's plight could stir sympathy for any woman, the most innocent of them all was Everett, who'd been rejecting her all along. But alas, the Dorsey clan wielded too much power.
No wonder Victoria had no love for Tiffanie: her birth held such a tainted tale.
Brielle felt a pang in her heart, thinking of Tiffanie's current temperament, undoubtedly shaped by a sustained lack of affection.
Max. probably tired of squinting, rested his chin on her shoulder, "Everett had someone he was fond of, and was about to get engaged, but the Dorseys forced him to break it off. Next thing. he's hitched to Victoria. He resents the Dorseys, you know. And Victoria, she's so love-crazed that even a marriage trapping him seems satisfying to her."
"He resents the Dorseys?"
"Yeah, Michael decreed they must share a bed once a week."
Brielle pursed her lips. It was no wonder he harbored such hatred when even the most private facets of his life were being dictated and his pride ruthlessly crushed.
If Max hadn't spelled it out, Brielle would never have believed it. The common folk seemed so powerless and insignificant in the face of a dynasty like the Dorseys. She didn't know what to say, feeling the subtle nudge from Max.
Should Michael intervene, she'd be just as helpless.
A hand squeezed her palm, and she lifted her gaze to meet his, hearing him say, "Don't worry."
"When will Tiffanie get out?"
"In a fortnight."
"That long? Won't that mess with her head?"
Just a few hours locked up by Faith had almost broken her, but Tiffanie had been enduring this since childhood. Was her spirit still intact?
"She's not as fragile as you think."
Brielle fell silent, resolved to treat Tiffanie to a proper meal once she was free.
They soon arrived at the Dorsey International underground parking lot. Brielle went to her department to collect some documents.
The atmosphere felt different today. Rumors had spread that Brielle was the daughter of the
1/2
15:38
Chapter 157
Haywood family. Before anyone could digest that, another rumor claimed she had stolen that identity. The following evening, the Haywoods were set to clarify this at a banquet and demand a public apology from Brielle.
The video had spread wide, but this juicier gossip had everyone's attention fixed on the upcoming Haywood soirée.
Brielle ignored their judgements, grabbed the necessary paperwork, and headed to the top
floor.
In the executive office, Patrick laid a report before Max. "Mr. Dorsey, a few board members are liaising with Ryan, discussing an investment in Alpha Company. Ryan seems unwilling to give up on that project." Ryan had hoped to turn his fortunes around with this venture, but Max's sudden return had thrown a wrench in his plans. Plus, with the scandal of his son's affair becoming common knowledge, Ryan got a few raps on the knuckles from Michael.
"Let them reach out. After all these years at Dorsey International, Ryan's bound to have some loyalists."
Drawing the snake from its hole was the best way to catch it.
Patrick placed the document on the desk, "William and Ryan have been in touch too. They met last night, though what about is unclear."
Max cracked a smile, flipping open the file, "William's position is solid. Unless he slips up, there's not much I can do about him. He's not foolish enough to make a move unless he's sure it's a fatal blow." But perhaps he might push a scapegoat forward first.
###Chapter 158
Chapter 158
As for who the fall guy was, it was still too early to tell.
The clock struck the hour for the meeting, and the executives settled into their seats one by one. The meeting was a smaller affair this time, taking place in Max's office.
The HR Director and the Finance Director, having witnessed that episode in the office earlier. were quick to their feet when they saw Brielle walk in, oozing flattery from every pore. "Ms. Brielle, how are you." They had long since picked up on the dynamic between these two and were eager to curry favor.
Meanwhile, the other two in the office were taken aback by the deference shown to Brielle. They wanted to throw a snide remark or two, but with Max present, they bit their tongues.
Brielle nodded without betraying any sign of surprise or discomfort and took a seat off to the side.
The meeting was still about the investment in the Book company, and one eager beaver volunteered to personally go and win over the founder of Book.
Brielle gave the man who stood up a few extra glances-his name was Noah, a director not yet thirty.
Max's approach to management was different from other companies. Take Hatfield Inc., for instance, where all shares were held within the family. But at Dorsey International, the Dorsey family didn't hold all the shares.
One of the biggest bones of contention Max had with the Dorsey family was bringing in non-family board members, which could inject fresh perspectives and ensure stable governance structures, but it also stepped on the toes of other family members' interests.
Noah's father had been one of those brought in back in the day, and now it was Noah's turn. At twenty-eight, Noah had been with Dorsey International for five years.
"Mr. Dorsey, I believe I can persuade the founder of Book," he said, standing in his sleek black suit. Brielle couldn't shake the feeling that when Noah rose, he had shot a glance her way. Max remained silent, his expression frosty.
Brielle pondered for a moment before standing up herself, "Mr. Dorsey, Book is indeed a fine company, but I'd like to request a business trip abroad. I might bump into even more promising prospects." The room fell silent after her words.
Noah looked at Brielle with a sneer, "A better prospect than Book? Ms. Brielle, do you have any idea what you are talking about? A billion-dollar valuation in half a year - do you think such people are just lying around on the street? Could you maybe engage your brain before
1/3
15:38
Chapter 158
speaking?"
Brielle was now certain of her intuition; Noah was hostile toward her.
"Mr. Noah, the founder of Book isn't going to change his mind overnight."
"Ms. Haywood, how do you know I can't change his mind? Besides, we have Ms. Alivia on our side."
Brielle frowned. Alivia wasn't a Dorsey International employee. Why would she be involved in their investments?
She looked at Max, who was just sitting there impassively. Feeling somewhat frustrated but recalling his promise from earlier at her apartment, she made up her mind.
Regardless, she was ready to go to the mat for Dorsey International, "Mr. Dorsey, after tomorrow night, I can head abroad. Ms. Alivia's institute is well-known, but I've heard that her friend is not the only one from her class starting a business. I have some ideas already. Just give me a little time to do some field research, and I'll get back to you with a solid answer."
Noah opened his mouth to retort, but Max simply responded, "Hmm." That was an assent.
Noah's face darkened, and he shot Brielle a glance before quickly looking away.
Max looked up. "If you want to try and persuade the founder, you're free to leave whenever."
A glint of satisfaction passed through Noah's eyes, and he nodded, "Alright."
After the meeting, Brielle didn't linger. She returned to her office downstairs. No sooner had she sat down than a call from an unfamiliar number came through.
Without thinking. Brielle knew it was Lillian, probably calling to gloat about how much the Haywood family was fawning over her now. Brielle blocked the number without giving her the satisfaction.
Lillian tried several different numbers, none of which Brielle answered, infuriating her to the point of nearly smashing her phone.
The Haywood family had, overnight, redone Brielle's old room to suit her and presented her with several luxury cars worth millions. Wardrobes and jewelry boxes were filled and sent to her.
Though the Haywood family had always treated her well, their current efforts seemed to be aimed at spoiling her rotten.
Compared to Brielle's treatment, Brielle seemed worse off than a servant.
Lillian was in high spirits, feeling utterly triumphant. Moreover, her own reputation had been restored. When dealing with Brielle's paperwork years ago, she had been cunning enough to cover her bases, which now proved useful.
Tomorrow night, the Haywood family would announce her engagement to Spencer, and in front of all their guests, they would acknowledge her identity. Just the thought of it made Lillian almost giddy with excitement.
2/3
15:38
Chapter 159
While the Haywood family might not be as prestigious as some mysterious international dynasty, they were still a household name in Beaconsfield.
As long as Brielle wasn't the lady of that illustrious family, Lillian would have won completely.
###Chapter 159
Chapter 159
She was hell-bent on bringing Brielle down a peg or two, but Brielle had other plans. She'd booked a flight out of the country for the day after tomorrow and had started to research emerging social media companies.
Book was indeed the brightest star in the constellation of startups-next to it, every other contender seemed to fade into obscurity.
While replying to messages from the charity foundation, Brielle couldn't help but smile at the findings of her investigation. It seemed there was one company that stood out.
Reassured, she engaged in a relaxed conversation with the charity. All the recordings and surveillance she had handed over, along with the transaction records of her donations to the charity, were enough to prove that the money was indeed given by her.
Brielle didn't want to squabble over this at the party, so she had reached out to the police department she'd been in touch with before.
The charity was willing to vouch for her, and with all the evidence, Lillian's guilt was as good as nailed down.
Brielle deliberately set the arrest for the following evening. She had said before that the more Lillian cared about something, the more Brielle wanted to destroy it. And she had an ace up her sleeve, something she planned to reveal at the party. It all depended on how far the Haywood family would push her.
The Haywoods were bent on throwing a lavish gala, sending out a flood of invitations and making it known that someone from the Dorsey family was expected to attend.
Who in Beaconsfield wouldn't want to rub shoulders with the Dorseys? All the invitations that had been sent out were accepted, and the social circles were abuzz with speculation about what might unfold at the party.
"Will Brielle even have the nerve to show up? I bet Spencer would think she's bad luck," someone gossiped.
"Never mind Spencer, the Haywoods must be livid to find out they've been raising a bastard all these years," another added.
"The magic drama of the year. I heard her personal life is a hot mess. She admitted to Spencer's face that she's been keeping a toy boy on the side."
The chat about Brielle grew more fervent, but she herself slept soundly.
Everyone thought she wouldn't dare to show up, but on the contrary, she started getting ready. with Aubree from the afternoon.
Aubree sat on the black salon chair, amused by Brielle's rare serious effort to doll up. "You're looking for trouble, aren't you?" she teased.
1/3
15:39
Chapter 159
Brielle squinted her eyes as the makeup brush swept across her face, "If I don't go, they'll only say worse things about me."
Aubree chuckled, then her gaze dropped, "Do you think Max will really come?"
"I don't know."
Brielle hadn't gone to the office that day. She had taken the day off instead.
Patrick had called her to ask about the orphanage location, and Brielle simply laid out her requirements. Patrick assured her he would handle the rest.
"Probably not," she replied, closing her eyes to let the stylist finish their work.
Aubree, admiring her freshly manicured nails, said with a sardonic tone. "I think he will. Max seems to have a soft spot for you."
"He said he'd consider marrying Alivia."
Aubree's hands paused, then she swore, "Men really are all the same, aren't they?"
Brielle found it funny, but the laughter faded when she saw the faint bruise around Aubree's neck.
Aubree seemed to feel Brielle's gaze and pulled her collar up a bit, "He got a bit rough last. night."
Was it just an accident, or had it been intentional? Brielle didn't dare to ask.
The Haywood family mansion was ablaze with lights. Almost all the guests had arrived.
From the entrance to the garden, everything was decorated festively. The banquet tables were filled with pastries and red wine, and there was a fragrance of perfume in the air.
Lillian was still upstairs, surrounded by a swarm of stylists. She was wearing a dress that glittered with tiny diamonds, shining brilliantly with every step. Rumor had it that it was handcrafted by an Italian designer, and just the dress alone was worth a fortune. Her vanity was supremely satisfied, and she couldn't resist posting in the group from before.
[You're all coming tonight, right?)
The last encounter at Tequila Sunset had been unpleasant, and now Lillian had seemingly changed her stripes overnight. Not only had she become a true lady of the Haywood family, but she might even oust Brielle and become Spencer's fiancée. So the group chat was a bit awkward at the moment.
It was Sophia who broke the ice. [Lillian, congratulations. You've really had it hard these years. Don't worry, we'll definitely be there.]
Lillian read the message and felt the irony of it. [Then I'll be waiting.]
The rest of the group remained silent, each remembering how they had humiliated Lillian last time. Who knew if she was one to hold a grudge?
Chapter 159
In the end, only Sophia showed up. She went straight upstairs to see Lillian and upon seeing the dress, a surge of envy flashed through her. A dress worth millions was not something just anyone could wear. Lillian caught the emotion in her eyes and approached her with feigned warmth, "Sophia, thanks for your support last time."
Sophia was taken aback, as she hadn't really stood up for Lillian. Even when Aubree threw the drink, Sophia hadn't stepped forward.
"By the way, Sophia, do you know Aubree and Andrew slept together?"
###C Hapter 160
Chapter 160
Sophia felt like she'd been struck by lightning. Her voice trembled with disbelief. "What did you say?"
Lillian's face was etched with contempt. Aubree had dared to throw wine in her face, and now she was going to pay the price. Tonight was not only about bringing Brielle to her knees but also about exposing Aubree and Andrew's secret relationship to the public eye. However, wary of upsetting the influential Clements family, Lillian knew this task had to be Sophia's doing. Sophia detested Brielle and Aubree, and being Tessa's lackey, she was more than willing to take on the charge.
"My brother told me he saw Andrew and Aubree checking into a hotel together, and I've seen them myself," Lillian sneered.
Sophia's scalp tingled with rage, her fists clenched. "Are you serious?"
"Absolutely. Why else would these so-called siblings, who aren't blood-related, share a room when traveling? Are the Clements on a budget or something?"
Sophia's hands shook, her eyes red with fury. "Lillian, thanks for sharing this. I won't let Aubree get away with this. Birds of a feather, she and Brielle are both trash."
Lillian watched as Sophia's emotions peaked, then she began to set the stage. "Brielle and Aubree will be here tonight. Try not to seem too angry, okay? We can handle this privately."
But this hit a nerve with Sophia. "No, I want to use this opportunity. To reveal what Aubree has done, and Andrew, how could he!"
Anger often clouds judgment, and Sophia felt a fire raging within her. She had to relay this information to Tessa immediately.
That bitch Aubree hooked up with Andrew!
Lillian, feigning concern, took Sophia's arm. "Sophia, calm down. Let's head downstairs."
Sophia, bereft of reason, shook off her hand and stormed down.
Lillian watched her go, a slight smirk on her lips, then gracefully made her way to the staircase. The hall was resplendent, the guests mingling in earnest conversation. Basking in the glory of her expensive gown, Lillian descended the grand staircase, feeling like the belle of the ball, all eyes on her. Then she spotted Spencer, looking dapper yet impatient, ignoring her presence, which irked her.
Then she thought, if she played her cards right and caught Max's eye, she wouldn't need to cling to Spencer - she could aim higher.
With each elegant step, Lillian felt like a fairy-tale princess, the music adding to her grandeur. But before she could soak up the adoration, the doors swung open, and in walked Brielle.
1/2
15:39
Chapter 160
draped in a white lace dress, her grace slow and deliberate. And the man standing by her side was elegant as the moon, with the rosary on his wrist particularly conspicuous. It was Max!
The hall fell into a hushed reverence. Max rarely attended such events, and his presence alone was enough to steal the spotlight.
Though Max and Brielle didn't exhibit overt intimacy, not even linking arms, their mere proximity seemed to complement each other perfectly.
No one knew what Max's presence signified, as it was his first time attending with a female companion. No one knew if Brielle was indeed his date. At least he didn't push her away.
The room seemed to hit mute. And there was Lillian, halfway down the stairs, now ignored by all, her grand entrance dissolving into awkwardness.
She had hoped to overshadow Brielle tonight, but there stood Brielle, not at all diminished by Max's imposing aura. Brielle herself exuded a transcendental charisma, and her white lace dress only accentuated her allure.
How was she fit to stand before Max?
###Chapter 161
Chapter 161
Lillian's face twisted with envy as she clutched the banister, her fingers tightening until her knuckles ached. Tonight, she was supposed to be the star of the show, all eyes should have been on her, but the couple at the entrance was simply too dazzling, their appearance making the grand hall seem all the brighter.
"Mr. Dorsey," someone called out respectfully, yet no one dared approach. Others followed suit with their greetings, anxious to be noticed.
Max simply nodded in acknowledgment before lowering his gaze to speak with Brielle. A respectful distance formed around them, as if by unspoken agreement no one would encroach. The crowd was itching with curiosity, eager to see what would unfold next.
Spencer, upon seeing them together, was instantly reminded of the previous day when he visited the apartment and happened to see them sharing an elevator down. He didn't want to dwell on it, not even now, as he gripped his wine glass, his anxiety magnifying.
The murmurs continued around him, though hushed.
"Is that Brielle beside Mr. Dorsey?"
"Isn't Mr. Dorsey known for his aversion to germs? How come he's with that woman?"
"Can't deny it, Brielle's got a face that turns heads."
Brielle, usually light on makeup, had applied just a touch this evening, yet she effortlessly overshadowed the other women in the room.
The Haywoods looked sour. They had arranged for a graceful, soothing melody to play as Lillian descended the stairs, but she had barely reached the midpoint when Brielle stole the limelight. Was this deliberate?
Miranda's expression soured at the sight, and she noticed Lillian stalled mid-staircase, the music still playing, seemingly now a backdrop for the couple at the door.
Unable to take it anymore, Lillian clumsily made her way down and approached Max.
"Max, did you run into
Bri on your way here? What a coincidence," she said; her words carefully crafted to suggest they had met by chance outside, but this ruse hinged on Max playing along.
Max didn't even glance at her, continuing instead to ask Brielle, "Have you booked your flight for the business trip? Found the company you were targeting?"
Who would have thought they'd be discussing work at such a gathering? It was both odd and yet not, familiar yet laced with subtlety.
Brielle, pleased that Max ignored Lillian, allowed herself a small, satisfied smile. "I've got my eye on a company, but I'll need to inspect their operations on-site. There's a border between us, so I can't be sure of their situation just yet."
Chapter 161
The two chatted as if no one else was there, the atmosphere between them harmonious, causing those nearby to breathe a bit more softly.
Lillian, gripping a glass of wine and tilting her chin up, felt her poised fa?ade slipping without a response from Max. She was flustered, feeling the heat of embarrassed glances.
Max had dismissed her, and it stung. Wasn't she attractive? Spencer and Cameron both fancied. her, and Spencer had chosen her over Brielle. Wasn't that proof enough of her allure?
The Haywoods were equally embarrassed by Lillian's bold approach, and Miranda quickly intervened with diplomatic grace. "Max, thank you for attending the Haywood's gala tonight. And we appreciate the care that Bri has received at Dorsey International."
Miranda, with decades more experience than Lillian, spoke with more finesse.
Max, with a lazy glance and an indifferent "Hmm," left Miranda to retreat with Lillian to the sidelines.
Lillian felt like she might explode, biting her lip till it bled. This was not how she had imagined her first interaction with Max. Yet, this rebuff only fueled her resolve. One day, she would be the only one in his eyes.
As the guests witnessed both mother and daughter falter, none dared to make the same mistake. Brielle, meanwhile, took a sip from a wine glass passed to her by a waiter, her fingertips lightly tracing the rim. She had finished getting ready with Aubree's help when she saw Max waiting outside. The gentle moonlight illuminated his calm, sharp features through the window.
It was undeniable that she was moved by his presence. He actually went to attend the Haywood family event with her.
Aubree had pushed her into Max's car with a flurry of advice and good wishes before leaving.
All the way to the gala, Brielle had a myriad of questions she wanted to ask, but she held back, not wanting to presume. With downcast eyes, she let the quiet emotion swirl within.
###Chapter 162
Chapter 162
The crowd parted as Faith's gaze landed on Max, her expression shifting noticeably. She made a beeline for Spencer, tugging gently at the lapel of his suit. "Max is here, and if there's any drama tonight, let the Haywoods handle it. No need for you to play the hero," she whispered, a hint of urgency in her voice.
Spencer remained silent, his eyes fixated on Brielle as she walked away, a growing redness rimming his eyes. "Mom, does the engagement really have to end?" he croaked, his voice hoarse with emotion, his head hanging low.
Faith glared at him with resentment and poked his head with her finger. "Spencer, what's gotten into you? You're the one who didn't want Brielle, and you've been hounding me about calling off the engagement. And now, when it's crunch time, you look like you're the one who can't let go?" Her words hit a nerve, and Spencer's pain surfaced. Indeed, Brielle seemed utterly unaffected. To her, both he and the Haywoods appeared to be easily discardable.
"Mom, I..."
"Enough, you know she's been fooling around with other men. Who knows how many times she's been... you know. Don't you find that disgusting? Drop it already. Besides, she doesn't have the status now: she's not in your league. If she hadn't had a bit of talent, would Max even give her a second glance? Spencer, you need to start making a name for yourself. Now that your dad's been ousted, you can't keep dwelling on this puppy love."
Faith had only one son, her pride and joy, but she knew all too well that business acumen was not his forte.
Spencer didn't take her advice to heart; instead, he seized on a particular phrase. "Uncle Max is only interested in her because of her talent?"
"What else could it be? Why do you think your father was reluctant to end the engagement? Brielle's business savvy is well known, and Max sees potential in her. Have you ever met a woman with a sharper business mind than hers?"
Spencer shook his head, a glimmer of clarity returning to his eyes. Yet, as Faith continued, that clarity faded once more.
"Such a shame she's illegitimate. Even if you truly cared for her, your grandfather would never approve. The people who marry into the Dorsey family are all from distinguished backgrounds. Everett, who married Victoria, he's a world-renowned pianist. What's Brielle in comparison?" This reassured Spencer. It wasn't he who couldn't measure up to Brielle. There was nothing to regret. His gaze softened as he looked over at Lillian, determined to cherish her from now on. Lillian sensed his stare and returned it with a bashful smile. At that moment, Spencer erased any lingering sentimentality, discarding it like trash. Why regret throwing away something worthless?
Chapter 162
The buzz in the hall intensified as a small stage at the front was illuminated by a spotlight. Miranda, the hostess, gracefully ascended to the podium, barely able to contain her glee. "Ladies and gentlemen," she called out, instantly capturing everyone's attention.
"I'm overwhelmed with gratitude that you've all come to tonight's gathering, a celebration in honor of my daughter."
She beckoned with a smile toward Lillian below. "Lillian, come join me."
Lillian was uneasy, her peripheral vision constantly on Max. This was the closest she had ever been to him. In the past, if they met, it was from a distance, but now, he was so near, she felt she could count his eyelashes.
Max seemed indifferent to the commotion, quietly sipping his drink in a corner. Even when applause broke out, he remained stoic, not offering a glance, nor even standing.
Lillian's heart raced. Seeing Max not by Brielle's side was a relief. Maybe they had just bumped into each other at the door. As for her being rebuffed earlier, it must be because Max was a loner, averse to women's company.
Previously, Lillian had felt miles away from Max, but now, as the Haywoods' daughter, she believed that with a slight tiptoe, he might accept her.
She ascended the stage, feigning shyness as she lowered her head.
Miranda was proud of her daughter, speaking fondly with teary eyes. "Lillian's had her share of hardships. If only I had known sooner she was my child, I would have cherished her to no end. It's amazing how some kids can be so manipulative from such a young age. Thankfully, that's all behind us now. What goes around comes around, and Lillian, she's never forgotten her roots at the orphanage. With the Haywood family's support and someone special in her life, things are looking up."
Without naming names, her words reminded everyone that it was Brielle who had caused trouble in the past.
###Chapter 163
Chapter 163
Lillian's eyes brimmed with tears as she nodded in agreement with Miranda's words. "Mom, don't say that. I never intended to hide anything. I was just worried about hurting someone's feelings." She dabbed her eyes theatrically, feigning deep emotion.
From her seat in the audience, Brielle couldn't help but snicker at the charade. Miranda and Lillian were both clearly trying to sling mud her way. And Lillian had even crafted a perfect excuse for her little fling with Spencer. She claimed their secret rendezvous was out of fear of breaking Brielle's heart.
How utterly shameless.
The crowd picked up on the insinuation and their gazes turned toward Brielle, filled with scorn and disdain. "She's been living someone else's life for over a decade, and she doesn't seem the least bit remorseful."
"So, Lillian and Spencer are the real couple, and Brielle's just a homewrecker?"
"Can you believe she even leaked that video, trying to ruin them with public opinion? Her actions are unforgivable."
At this point, everyone remembered the video that had circulated in their social circles. If Spencer and Lillian were truly an engaged couple, what they did in private was their business.
Brielle, the interloper, had stooped so low as to use such tactics against them. People felt uncomfortable sharing the same space with her, some even shifting away from her proximity.
Despite their looks, Brielle's face remained calm, with a faint smile. Everyone expected her to show signs of heartache, disappointment, or hysteria, but there was nothing. Brielle appeared so serene, as if the drama unfolding had nothing to do with her, as if she were just a spectator. Yet, the subject of the onstage discussion was undoubtedly her.
Inexplicably, the crowd's attention subtly shifted to Max, who sat in a corner, lazily fiddling with his rosary. There was a striking similarity in their demeanor.
Miranda and Lillian, who had been performing on the stage for so long, felt a bit awkward seeing Brielle being so indifferent. The atmosphere in the venue also became subtly tense.
Finally, Miranda cut to the chase, "Bri, come up here. I have something to say to you." Her tone softened, but her eyes held a veiled threat.
Still smiling, Brielle replied, "Just say what you have to say. I can hear you perfectly fine from here." Her voice was cool and detached as if she were addressing a stranger.
Miranda was infuriated and embarrassed. After raising Brielle for so many years, her lack of gratitude was appalling.
1/2
15:39
Chapter 163
In front of everyone, she felt humiliated, unsure of how to react. It was Lillian who stepped in. "Mom, Brielle's upset. Let's not force her. This is my fault. We've got a house full of guests tonight. Let's not discuss this now. We can talk privately later, okay?"
Lillian's defense of the very person who had stolen her identity for years could only be seen as a sign of her kindness. The crowd was moved, and their glances at Brielle were laced with irony. One kind and gentle, the other malicious and selfish. There was no comparison.
Unable to contain himself any longer, Spencer stood up. "Brielle, stop acting so holier-than-thou. Don't you think you owe Lillian an apology?"
No one expected Spencer to be the one to confront her. Faith was beside herself with rage. Hadn't she warned him? The spotlight tonight was supposed to be on the Haywood family. Her fists clenched in anger, but she dared not step forward rashly.
Spencer couldn't stand the sight of Brielle acting as though she was above it all. Most troubling to him was how her demeanor seemed to mirror Max's, which set him on edge.
Even now, as he berated Brielle, as he resented her, the thought of breaking off their engagement made his eyes sting with pain. What was happening to him? Why was he so conflicted?
"Apologize?" Brielle lifted her eyelids slightly, her gaze sweeping over him. "Apologize for what?"
Spencer took a deep breath, his teeth clenched with anger. "For willfully taking over her life. For usurping her parents. If it weren't for you, she wouldn't have suffered all these years. And you have the nerve to ask for what you should apologize?"
###Chapter 164
Chapter 164
No sooner had the words left his mouth than the people around began to echo in agreement, finding Brielle shameless for maintaining such composure at a time like this.
There had been whispers that Brielle had been bullying Lillian in the Haywood household, putting on one face in public and another behind closed doors. It seemed now that those rumors were not unfounded. Brielle took a sip of her wine, her tone nonchalant. "When I was brought back to the Haywood family, I was only ten. Do you really think a ten-year-old child could play the entire Haywood clan like puppets, even fooling hospitals and orphanages? Doesn't that sound absurd to you? She makes an accusation, and you all believe it? If I really had such power, the Haywood shares should be mine, shouldn't they? But do I have them?"
Brielle swirled the red wine in her glass, the liquid glistening against her pale fingertips. "The Haywoods made their own mistakes, yet they want me to take the fall, to apologize. Why should I?"
The question 'why should I?' weighed heavily in the air, striking at the hearts of all who heard it. Indeed, Brielle had been only ten years old. Could she truly have been so calculating as to deceive everyone? Robert was a cunning old fox of the business world, and couldn't see through a child's trickery? The notion was laughable.
The once certain crowd began to murmur doubts among themselves. Their eyes shifted to Robert amidst the crowd, noticing his dark expression, his lips tightly pursed, veins throbbing on his forehead. Meanwhile, Miranda on the stage was clenching her palm so fiercely that her complexion turned pale, confronted with a Brielle whose aura had never been so formidable. In the past, even if Brielle had been disagreeable, she was mostly docile.
Miranda was shaking with fury, struggling to contain her emotions, but a reassuring squeeze from Lillian brought her back to her senses.
"Bri, my earlier words weren't targeted at you. I've spoken with the director of the orphanage. There was manipulation behind the scenes, and we've all been victims. I'm pained for you, but my heart aches even more for Lillian. She's my flesh and blood, yet she's called me 'Ms. Miranda' for years."
Miranda's strategic retreat shifted the narrative. Her words made the crowd feel that Brielle was taking offense, especially since Miranda hadn't explicitly accused Brielle of any backdoor schemes. Who would be so quick to defend themselves? Surely, someone who felt they had been hit where it hurt.
Brielle's eagerness to clear her name only cast further doubt.
1/2
15:2011
Chapter 164
Miranda had practiced this scene countless times in preparation for tonight..
The crowd looked sympathetically at Lillian, recalling how Brielle had arrived at the soirée dressed to the nines. Was she trying to overshadow Lillian at this pivotal moment of acknowledgment, intending to cause trouble?
The onlookers' gazes were like knives, stripping Brielle of her dignity. The women, already envious of Brielle's beauty, felt they'd found their moment.
"She's been tormenting Lillian, the true young lady of the Haywood family, all these years."
"Tonight's probably the last time we'll see her. With her status, she won't be welcome at such gatherings anymore."
"Weren't there photos of her with Kenzo? Since he hasn't addressed them, he probably just wants to avoid getting entangled. Give a woman like her an inch, and she'll climb over you to reach the top." Lillian listened to the whispers below, a faint smirk formed on her lips. This was her goal for the evening, to use the event to cast Brielle down into oblivion, never to rise again. Once the whispers had settled, she emerged as the peacemaker.
"Bri, don't misunderstand mom. She and I agreed that even after acknowledging me, she would still treat you as her own. She doesn't intend to cast you aside. Dad also mentioned he'd find you a good match, ensuring you marry with honor."
She spoke with such sincerity in her eyes. How benevolent the Haywoods appeared. Even after Brielle's earlier insolence, even though she wasn't a true Haywood, they still accepted her. They were even concerned about her prospects after her engagement to Spencer had been called off, going so far as to arrange a new match for her in advance.
Who wouldn't regard the Haywoods' actions as magnanimous? Certainly, if it were up to any of them, they wouldn't be so considerate for a non-blood daughter. Wasn't lineage what big families valued most? For Brielle to have been raised in such a family, it truly must have been her good fortune.
###Chapter 165
Chapter 165
The room was abuzz with chatter, each remark sharp enough to skewer Brielle where she stood.
Meanwhile, Lillian, having delivered her barb, didn't miss a beat to gauge Max's reaction. Even if Max valued Brielle's skills, would he continue to favor her knowing this side of her? A smirk curled on Lillian's lips, her heart brimming with smug satisfaction.
"Bri, come up here, will you?"
Everyone expected Brielle to remain reticent, but she slowly set down her glass and made her way to the stage.
Even Lillian was taken aback, puzzled by what Brielle might be plotting, but in a heartbeat, her excitement surged. It was all the better for Brielle to show her face; it would be a spectacle for the entire Beaconsfield social elite to witness Brielle's true, ugly colors.
Miranda, standing nearby, was stunned too, but as she watched Brielle approach, her eyes. reddened with the prospect of a sentimental mother-daughter scene.
Brielle, however, simply took the microphone from Miranda's hand and turned to face the crowd.
"The kindness the Haywood family has shown me is something I will never forget," she began. her voice steady.
Her words sent a jolt through Miranda and Lillian. Was this surrender?
When Miranda received that ten million, a fire had been burning in her heart. Now, she finally felt a sense of triumph. She patted Brielle on the shoulder, adopting the image of a nurturing mother. "Bri, it's good that you're grateful. Just apologize to Lillian, and we can be a family
again."
Lillian's inner scoff was masked by a feigned reluctance. "No need to apologize, Bri hasn't done anything wrong. Like she said, she was only ten at the time."
Her demeanor was graceful and magnanimous, a stark contrast to Brielle's earlier defensiveness. This only reinforced to the onlookers the importance of one's lineage; after all one's genes dictated character and stature.
Brielle's lashes fluttered downward as she spoke, her tone nonchalant, "I indeed haven't done anything wrong, so I never considered apologizing."
The room erupted in a collective gasp. No one expected Brielle to be so brazen, and their disdain deepened.
"Besides, I have already repaid the Haywood family's kindness. Miranda, didn't you accept the ten million I wired just yesterday?"
As she spoke, a screenshot of the transaction appeared on the large screen behind her. The
1/2
15:40
Chapter 165
screen, initially set up for a touching moment for Lillian, showcasing her charity work at the orphanage, was now hijacked by Brielle.
Damn her, when had that cunning woman set this up? Panic gripped Miranda. How could she explain the ten million without raising suspicions?
Lillian chimed in, feigning shock, "Mom, Bri's really gone all out for you, hasn't she? To send your ten million like that, it's the first time she's ever given you such a gift. Are you regretting taking me back now? I'm not as capable as Bri, nor do I have that kind of money."
Her tone was playful and slightly reproachful, transforming the transaction into a generous gift from a daughter to her mother.
Ten million was a fortune to ordinary folks, but in their circles, it was pocket change, gone with the purchase of a single car. Lillian's words were clever, and she emphasized that this was Brielle's first gift, subtly accusing Brielle of being ungrateful.
Most importantly, Lillian explicitly mentioned that she didn't have money. As for why she didn't have money, the crowd couldn't help but connect it to her previous donations to the orphanage. It was said that she only kept enough for her living expenses every month.
In contrast, Brielle, who could easily transfer ten million, hadn't donated a dime to the orphanage that raised her, making her seem utterly unthankful. And now, Brielle had the audacity to suggest that ten million was enough to settle her debt to the Haywoods. Just how shameless was she?
The crowd had rarely seen such effrontery. Even the most easygoing among them couldn't hide their disdain.
"Ten million to settle a debt of gratitude? Is she treating them like beggars?"
"To raise a daughter in a wealthy family, it would cost more than that just in tutors."
"The Haywoods have indeed raised an ingrate."
"How can she have the nerve to say that? Clearly, no matter where you come from, your true nature reveals itself in time."
###Chapter 166
Chapter 166
At this juncture, it seemed to everyone that Brielle had lost spectacularly, like a court jester in the midst of his final, pitiful tumble. Even from the audience, there were sympathetic glances. cast towards Robert, whose business associates had begun offering their consolations.
And Spencer, he felt more than ever that his choice was right. Brielle, an enigma with no clear background, simply wasn't worthy of him.
The quietest person in the entire hall had to be Max. Even in the midst of this unfolding drama. he remained unshaken, occasionally casting a slight, mysterious smile in Brielle's direction. No one could tell if he was mocking her or if it was something else.
As for Miranda and Lillian, they exchanged looks that seemed to say they found Brielle utterly laughable. At this point, whipping out a screenshot of a money transfer would only serve as evidence of her humiliation.
All her boasts of being a Director at Dorsey International now seemed rather hollow.
While everyone was still abuzz with gossip, they noticed the big screen change to display a spreadsheet. This spreadsheet detailed various expenses with corresponding invoices and prices. The crowd's faces registered shock. Whose expenses were these?
The hall fell silent, eyes riveted to the spreadsheet. Involuntarily, they turned to Brielle.
Her expression unchanged, she began to explain methodically, "This is the sum of money the Haywood family has spent on me over the years, which amounts to less than two million. In my ten million, I have also included various interests and adjusted for inflation. So, what exactly have they lost?"
The spreadsheet was meticulous, detailing down to the number of clothes the Haywoods had bought for her.
The necklace Miranda purchased for her, complete with the receipt.
The gifts Cameron brought her from abroad, with their prices listed.
The audience's expressions were a mix of emotions as Brielle continued to add details.
"Some might argue that the Haywood family has spent time and energy on me which surely counts for something. For this, I have prepared another spreadsheet."
With that, the screen shifted to the next image. She spoke not as someone unraveling her past, but as if she were in the midst of a business negotiation. Illustrating her points with examples, her logic was undeniable.
"This shows the time I spent at home during my middle school, high school, and college years. After graduating with top honors from Beaconsfield, I tutored for three months before college, earning enough to cover my living expenses. So, what energy exactly did the Haywood family invest in me? From a young age, they arranged tutors for Lillian. They even sent me to learn taekwondo for Lillian's personal safety. What do I owe her?"
1/2
15:40
Chapter 166
The level of detail in the spreadsheet left little room for rebuttal.
"The Haywoods provide Lillian with luxury cars, designer clothes, jewelry worth millions. Have I ever said a word?"
Her face was serene as she recounted these disparities, showing no sign of feeling aggrieved. yet her words left a lump in the listeners' throats. If this was true, was she ever really treated as a daughter of the Haywood family? Why the stark difference?
The room fell into a brief silence, but there were always one or two who enjoyed stirring the pot. "Ms. Brielle makes it sound so easy," someone called out. "How can you possibly owe nothing. to the Haywood family? Without them, how could you be worthy of an engagement with the Dorsey family heir? Over the years, you've leveraged the Dorseys to gain quite a bit. It seems a bit flippant to dismiss that, doesn't it?"
Upon hearing these words, Miranda finally snapped back to attention. Brielle's recent maneuvering had left her a bit disoriented, unsure of how to proceed. Fortunately, someone handed her an opening. "Bri, I know you're harboring some resentment," she began, her eyes welling up with what seemed like emotion. Brielle's previous presentation had been so detailed that the audience was more curious about her next explanation than they were empathetic with Miranda, leaving her looking awkward and out of place.
Even Brielle paid her no mind, instead raising her gaze to address the man who had spoken. "I exploited the Dorsey family for resources? What resources? Connections? Then tell me, who here would call themselves my friend?"
Her self-deprecating, almost sardonic retort effectively silenced her critic.
Who was Brielle's friend, indeed? Most people just viewed her as a joke, let alone considering any social connections.
###Chapter 167
Chapter 167
Brielle glanced at the crowd, her lips curling into a sardonic smile. "As for business assets
The spreadsheet on the giant screen flipped to a new page, showcasing the mergers and acquisitions she had managed since joining Dorsey International.
"In the past three years, the cases I've handled for Dorsey International have generated profits exceeding a billion. The Dorsey family has also supported the Haywood family in business due to this. The Haywood family invested less than two million in me. What have I given back to them?"
The room was filled with business people, who all knew this represented a remarkably lucrative investment. To say that Brielle owed the Haywood family was, frankly, laughable.
Given these facts, why were the Haywoods playing the victim? The mood in the room shifted instantly to confusion, bewilderment.
An investment of under two million, with a return of ten million in cash plus business support? It seemed like the Haywoods had made a killing.
No one was born yesterday. A flicker of suspicion began to ignite in their minds. This evening's drama, it seemed, was not going to be straightforward.
"In conclusion, I owe nothing to anyone in the Haywood family. The ten million has been transferred. From now on, I have no affiliation with the Haywoods. As for Ms. Miranda's proposal to be my godmother, I'm sorry, but I'll have to decline that honor."
She spoke with clarity and confidence, handing the microphone back to a pale-faced Miranda, even managing a smile at the audience.
Silence swept over the crowd. Brielle's statement was final, severing all ties with the Haywood family. There was no going back now. She had laid everything out, clear as day, without muddying the waters. Miranda clenched her teeth, her hands itching to strangle Brielle. "How can you say such things?" She clutched her chest in feigned agony, as if about to faint. "All these years, I've raised you as my own daughter, and now you want to walk away as if none of it means anything. Brielle, you're cold-hearted."
At the right moment, Lillian began patting Miranda's back, her face a picture of soft sympathy. "Mom, don't upset yourself. Bri probably isn't thinking straight. Realizing suddenly she's not truly a Haywood must be tough."
"Does she look upset to you?" Miranda shot back, putting on a show of heartache. "Enough, let's not make a spectacle in front of the guests. I won't say another word."
Miranda was panicking inside, unable to find a point to counter, because Brielle had played her cards too well, too cleverly, and the audience was beginning to waver.
"If the Haywood family really invested less than two million, it looks like they made a profit."
1/2
15:40
Chapter 167
"You all believe her just like that? The Haywoods are a renowned family, and why would they be so stingy? I bet the spreadsheet is doctored."
"If it was doctored, why didn't the Haywoods immediately refute it? Why do they just stand there, looking mortified?"
"I think both Brielle and the Haywoods are shady. It's just a dog-eat-dog situation."
Lillian noticed the crowd was no longer unanimously ridiculing Brielle, and she felt a twinge of panic. She bit her lip and looked up at Max, who had been silent since he walked in. Any attempts at conversation were dismissed with a nonchalant glance from him.
He seemed unattached to the drama, unfazed amid the storm. That was Max.
Lillian's irritation grew, wondering why he didn't intervene when Brielle was so clearly being cruel. Did he not see how selfish and heartless Brielle's words were?
Her face paled, unable to comprehend how the atmosphere had changed so quickly. She had to stop the audience from speculating further; she needed to find a way to mend the situation.
"Bri, you've already caused the orphanage dean so much stress he's in the hospital. Now, do you want to put Mom in there too?"
Lillian brought up the orphanage again, knowing it would inevitably lead to thoughts of charity donations. This was one aspect Brielle couldn't just shake off.
###Chapter 168
Chapter 168
Brielle paused mid-stride, her lips curling into a cold sneer, "Oh, Lillian, you've got some nerve bringing up the orphanage. Who landed the poor director in the hospital, huh? You think I don't know? The old man's still recovering, and here you are dragging him into your little schemes, all to bring up the donation issue, right? Beating around the bush is second nature to you, isn't it?" Lillian's face turned ashen, shrinking under Brielle's piercing gaze.
Standing on the floor, Brielle should have been the one looking up to Lillian on the stage, but inexplicably, Lillian felt as though it was Brielle who occupied the moral high ground, because Brielle's gaze was filled with undisguised contempt.
"Bri, I wasn't trying to bring up the donations," Lillian said, playing the victim as she clutched. Miranda for support, her voice quivering. "You're just being overly sensitive."
Now that the crowd had witnessed the forms, Lillian's act seemed too contrived. But one thing. didn't cancel out the other. Even if the Haywoods had been cruel to Brielle, skimping on charity was her fault alone. Miranda was stingy, and that was a fact, as was Brielle's ingratitude.
Before the murmurs could even start, Brielle's voice cut through. "Lillian, since you're so eloquent, why don't you save it for the police?"
Lillian thought she was hearing things. The police? What police?
As confusion spread through the room, timely chatter came from outside the door, and several officers entered, their uniforms standing out starkly amongst the sea of elegant gowns and suits. The officers showed their badges and made a beeline for Lillian. "Miss Lillian, we need you to come with us, please."
Lillian's pupils dilated in disbelief, her mind roaring with panic. Why would the police be here for her?
She quickly composed herself and forced a smile, "Officer, there must be some misunderstanding."
"There's no misunderstanding. We have all the evidence we need. The charity has filed a report in cooperation with Miss Brielle regarding the Sunflower Children's Home donations. You've been making donations in Miss Brielle's name, and now you need to come with us."
The charity had joined forces with Brielle to report Lillian? As the words sank in, those who had scorned Brielle's miserliness fell silent. The evidence must have been overwhelming for the police to act. Faces in the crowd reflected shock and anger. Those who had sided with Lillian against Brielle were now utterly speechless. It turned out that Brielle, not Lillian, had been the benefactor all along. And Lillian, attempting to bask in this stolen glory, had just tried to publicly shame
Chapter 168
Brielle for not donating.
Lillian felt her world spinning. She wished for the ground to swallow her up. How could this happen? She had deliberately brought up the donations to clear her name, and now Brielle had preempted her with hard evidence and perfect timing.
That bitch! She must have planned to ruin her.
Lillian's lips trembled, and she dared not meet anyone's eyes, feeling their stares like knives on her skin. She was in complete disarray, her eyes reddening with humiliation, especially with Max witnessing her downfall.
Her lips clenched tight, tasting the bitterness of her blood. Her pride was in shreds. Tonight. she was the epitome of disgrace.
And there stood Robert, looking as if he had swallowed a bitter pill, wishing he could magically dismiss all the guests.
"Miss Lillian, please come with us," the officer said, snapping a pair of silver handcuffs around her wrists.
In that moment, Lillian shuddered and turned to Robert, her voice a desperate whisper, "Dad." Robert felt the sting of ultimate embarrassment. But what could he say with everyone watching? Use the Haywood clout to intimidate the police? With Max standing right there, any further outburst would only worsen the impression they'd made.
The Haywood family had lost all pretense of dignity that evening.
Lillian felt like she couldn't breathe, wishing she could disappear. This was supposed to be her night of triumph, her grand return to the Haywood fold, and now it was all ruined. From now on, whenever people thought of Lillian, they would remember her humiliation at this banquet.
She heard the sneers around her, and the tears flowed freely. She hated Brielle. Brielle had destroyed everything!
###Chapter 169
Chapter 169
By the time things had reached this stage, nobody in the room was willing to speak up for Lillian. Even Spencer felt as though his cheeks were on fire.
Had Lillian really broken the law? Was Brielle the one who had been making the donations all along? How could Lillian do such a thing? The cracks in their once beautiful relationship were showing, but he didn't want to admit it.
At that moment, it seemed that Lillian finally remembered him, calling out through her tears, "Spencer!"
Her innocent demeanor, that wronged tone in her voice, made it seem as though she was the one who had been mistreated. Spencer stood amidst the crowd, his mind thundering with confusion.
Brielle, witnessing their deep connection, couldn't help but let out a chuckle, "Spencer, I forgot. to mention earlier, consider our engagement off. You love Lillian so much, and now that she's in trouble, you should be the first to step up, as her fiancé, and bail her out, right?"
Lillian's eyes were bloodshot with hatred. That bitch!
Spencer, however, was frozen in place as if someone had struck his pressure point. He was at a loss, even looking up at Faith for some kind of guidance.
What should he do in a situation like this?
In the crowd, Faith's expression was so dark it was almost comical. After tonight, Lillian would surely become the laughingstock of their circle. Livid, Faith made a snap decision and stepped forward with a fa?ade of kindness. "Bri, dear, the prior mess was Spencer's fault. We had no idea Lillian was such a person."
Faith quickly weighed the pros and cons, deciding that distancing herself from the joke that was Lillian was the best course of action.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, her gaze dripping with sarcasm, curious about what Faith was going to say.
Faith's forehead beaded with sweat as she grasped Spencer's hand, almost as if she were pushing him toward a decision. "Bri, don't talk nonsense about calling off the engagement. Spencer does care for you. He's just temporarily confused, that's all. His fling with Lillian was just a moment of folly. You two should work things out and not let others come between you."
Faith had endured so much for the sake of Ryan's reputation, which spoke volumes about her character. Now that Brielle had garnered sympathy and admiration from the onlookers, there was no way Faith would let her son be associated with Lillian's stain. Even if Faith disliked Brielle, she had to swallow her pride.
She glanced up at Max, who sat collected, a rosary draped over his wrist, seemingly indifferent to the proceedings as if they were but a trivial play before him.
15-
Chapter 169
Faith withdrew her gaze. After all, Brielle had caught Max's eye, and the engagement, for the time being, could not be broken.
Brielle had never expected Falth, who despised her the most, to be so flexible. She found it amusing. "Ms. Faith, it's a pity, but I'm the one ending the engagement."
She looked at Spencer, void of any attachment, "Spencer loves Lillian. Surely he won't abandon his beloved in her time of need? We can't let Mr. Dorsey think that his nephew is a man without conviction." That last statement was a severe one. To be seen as lacking conviction in front of Max was tantamount to being completely cut off from returning to Dorsey International.
Brielle's use of Max's name left Faith speechless.
Spencer, as if struck by lightning, retorted without hesitation, "I'm canceling our engagement. Lillian is my fiancée! Brielle, I never cared for you." His voice was firm yet trembled slightly, as if he was desperately suppressing something.
Lillian couldn't have broken the law. It all had to be a misunderstanding. After all, she was so. kind. It must be Brielle's doing!
Spencer almost hypnotized himself into believing this narrative, refusing to admit he had made. a mistake, and was now scrambling to vindicate Lillian. He began to despise Brielle even more.
Faith was livid. She had just offered not to break off the engagement, and Brielle, that upstart, had flatly refused? She felt utterly humiliated. In her anger, she raised her hand in a threatening gesture. "You!" But her slap was caught mid-air by someone else. Following the strong wrist, her eyes met al string of black beads.
No one had noticed Max approaching. His eyes calm and unfazed, "Have we had enough. drama?"
With that one cool remark, Faith's fire was extinguished, leaving her flustered, "Max, Spencer is just young, and I was only..."
###Chapter 170
Chapter 170
Max withdrew his hand, pulling out a handkerchief and silently wiping his fingertips.
Faith felt a jolt of humiliation but dared not offend him.
"He's just two years younger than me."
His casual remark felt like a barrage of slaps to both Faith and Spencer.
Indeed, how could they forget that Max was only two years older than Spencer?
Using himself to put down Spencer was an absolute crushing defeat. They were not even on the same level; there was no comparison.
Spencer was unworthy of even being mentioned in the same breath as him.
Spencer cast his eyes down, his shoulders drooping in defeat.
Faith, her lips quivering, was now too scared to utter another word.
With Max stepping forward, the atmosphere in the room seemed to reach a breaking point..
A few officers stood still, watching Lillian's ashen face. Eventually, one of them couldn't hold back. "Miss Brielle, we will keep you updated on the progress of the case, and we thank you for your trust in the police force."
It was a mere formality, but it served to cut through the tense air.
Lillian was speechless, her reasoning burnt to cinders by rage upon hearing Faith's words..
Faith wanted to give up on her, hoping Spencer would not engage with her, even wishing for Brielle to become her daughter-in-law.
Lillian felt a lump in her chest. As she stared at Max, surrounded by admirers, determination. shined in her eyes.
Everyone looked down on her, laughing at her, but just wait. Once she climbed her way to Max, she'd serve up a harsh reality check to those who dared to ridicule her.
They thought she couldn't live without Spencer? Ha, she'd been wanting to kick that man to the curb!
Lillian bit her lip so hard it started to bleed.
She heard Brielle's indifferent voice, "You don't need to update me on the details. Just follow the procedures."
It seemed as if she hadn't taken Lillian seriously at all, making the earlier scene where Lillian. went to great lengths during the first half of the banquet look like a clownish act. Brielle glanced around; everyone's expressions were subtle, and the place was in disarray.
The banquet had come to an end at this point.
1/3
15:11
Chapter 170
Brielle chuckled softly, not forgetting to bid farewell to Miranda, "Ms. Miranda, I shall take my leave."
Miranda fainted from sheer anger, while Robert busied himself with ushering the quests out, watching Brielle leave triumphantly, his resentful gaze as if it could pierce her spine. After tonight, it wasn't just Lillian; the entire Haywood clan would become a laughingstock.
The guests whispered among themselves, and even as they walked out, they couldn't resist looking back to enjoy the Haywoods' dismay.
How ridiculous, the belle of the ball taken away to the police station.
The Haywoods had nailed themselves to the pillar of shame.
Brielle left without hesitation, her mission for the evening accomplished.
First, she cut ties with the Haywood clan.
Second, she annulled her engagement to Spencer.
She was feeling good, slowing her pace to admire the floral walls arranged by the Haywoods.
If the Haywoods knew her thoughts, the fainted Miranda might just wake up again.
Brielle had just passed the last floral wall when she saw a man standing there.
It was Max.
He too had left the hall, and, by chance, their paths were the same.
Brielle found it amusing and quickened her pace to join him.
Before she could speak, Max commented, "You really stole the show tonight."
Brielle smiled, and she couldn't resist wrapping her arms around his neck, "Glad I didn't embarrass you, Mr. Dorsey."
Max looked down, his fingers gently pinching her chin.
He couldn't help but recall her verbal sparring in the hall. She was quite endearing.
The temperature on Brielle's cheeks began to rise as she felt that even the most vibrant flowers couldn't compare to the faint smile in his eyes. She never knew a man could be so bewitching.
She wanted to kiss him.
Brielle tiptoed, her lips about to touch his, when footsteps sounded behind her.
"Brielle, stop right there!"
It was Spencer, unexpectedly coming after her.
Brielle's heart raced, trying to pull away, b
Chapter 170
ut Max wrapped an arm around her waist, pulling her close and sheltering her behind the floral
wall.
"He's already your ex-fiancé. Are you still afraid of being seen?"
His tone was teasing, almost wicked.
Brielle's heart fluttered, and before she could react, his lips captured hers, nibbling precisely at her lip, his hand firmly on her waist.
Brielle's mind exploded, the floral wall before her eyes turning into dazzling fireworks.
What on earth was Max thinking?
Her reason told her Spencer's footsteps were near, that this was the moment to push him. away, b
ut in reality, her hands slid across his abdomen, embracing his waist involuntarily.
She couldn't resist Max and the intoxicating ambiguity he offered, even if such ambiguity was toxic.
His kiss deepened, the heat of his palm nearly scorching her.
Spencer's footsteps were just inches away. Brielle even closed her eyes, thinking maybe they'd all gone mad tonight.
###Chapter 171
Chapter 171
She heard the footsteps drawing nearer, closer and closer, until they stopped just a step away.
b
ut Max's fingertips were still igniting a fire on her skin, as if he wanted her to emit a sound of shame.
Her lips were bitten so hard they hurt, looking painfully alluring, a far cry from her composed. demeanor in the hall earlier.
Max pressed her against the floral wall. Her eyelashes trembled, her cheeks flushed, and he couldn't resist reaching out, gently brushing her lips with his fingers.
Only he had seen this side of Brielle.
Only he.
He couldn't help but recall the words he once said to her-love was but an illusion under the influence of dopamine.
Yet his dopamine levels were insatiable, as if craving more.
Was that even reasonable?
He didn't understand, but clearly, he had no desire to stop.
He shrugged off his suit jacket and draped it over Brielle.
The moment the jacket obscured her vision, Spencer rounded the corner of the floral wall.
Fury was written all over Spencer's face. He still had many questions unanswered. He wanted to know if Brielle had deliberately set up Lillian, and he had to make it clear to Brielle that he had no regrets whatsoever.
Even if Brielle won tonight, it wouldn't change the fact of her humble origins.
She was beneath him. Forever unworthy!
Spencer caught sight of the scene before him, and his angry mind was suddenly doused with cold water, bringing him back to his senses.
He saw his Uncle Max pressing a woman against the wall, her figure mostly obscured by his jacket, only her slender legs visible. Her face was hidden, and Max, who was the talk of everyone, was now biting her lip, even emitting faint sounds of pleasure.
Perhaps disturbed in his moment of enjoyment. Max looked up with a voice cold as ice. "Scram."
Spencer felt as if he'd been struck by lightning, retreating in disbelief, not daring to look again.. He hurried back the way he came, his footsteps in disarray.
Uncle Max with a woman?
1/3
14.09
Chapter 171
Uncle Max kissing a woman in public?
His mind was a whirlwind of confusion, not understanding the fear and panic welling up inside him, his back breaking out in sweat.
Meanwhile, inside the floral enclosure, Brielle heard the footsteps recede and slowly opened
her eyes.
Their first night together, she had experienced his prowess.
That dominance, that thrilling heat that reached her very core, was like a wildfire sweeping across a prairie..
This kiss would likely be unforgettable for her entire life, melting into the taste of wine, blending with the enchanting glow of the lights.
The playful smile in the corner of his eyes gripped her heart.
Suddenly scooped up in his arms, she hid under his suit jacket as he carried her path.
The car outside had been waiting, the privacy screen tastefully lowered.
raway down the
Kissed senseless by him, Brielle's thoughts were scattered, even forgetting that Patrick was in the front, and this was happening in a car.
She shamelessly felt that she would willingly die in this kiss.
The car stopped at the Premier Palace, and she remained nestled in his embrace.
Once in the master bedroom, she was set on the bed, and soon the room's temperature soared. Her toes curled from the pleasure, and she couldn't help but want to cry out his name.
In the haze, his eyelids lifted slightly, revealing the full arc of his eyes, indifferent, yet filled with a sensual charm.
The contour of his jaw was sleek and elongated, and every bit of him seemed sculpted by divine hands.
She couldn't stop caring for him, b
ut what were they to each other?
She seemed to be just a little pet he kept in good humor.
Such piercing reality was unbearable.
Yet the fall was irresistible.
It wasn't until the early hours that it all came to an end.
Brielle lay on the familiar bed, inhaling his scent, but her heart felt hollow.
Chapter 1/1
She reached out a finger, longing to trace his handsome, sleeping features. T
hen his phone rang, and seeing his brows furrow, she quickly closed her eyes, pretending to be deep in sleep.
She slowed her breathing, feeling him stir, his pleasing voice speaking. "Alivia, what's up?"
Like a bucket of ice water poured over her, Brielle buried her face in the soft duvet, feeling as if her heart was being pierced with pain.
###Chapter 172
Chapter 172
Max slipped into his pajamas and wandered over to the floor-to-ceiling windows. "Dad's orders? When?"
Whatever came through on the other end rendered him silent for a moment. "You handle it."
After hanging up, he approached the bed and carefully tucked Brielle in, then turned and walked
away.
Only when the bedroom door clicked shut did Brielle slowly open her eyes.
Footsteps echoed in the hallway, heading towards the study, it seemed.
She turned over, the name 'Alivia' stirring unrest within her.
A self-deprecating smile crept across Brielle's face. Was he about to meet with the Barnes girl? She gently patted her somewhat stifled chest, realizing she had no right to be jealous. Therefore, she had to manage her emotions well.
She couldn't let him find out. She couldn't let anyone find out.
The next morning, she was up at six.
She had planned to say goodbye to Max in person, but Patrick informed her he had gone to the office overnight to deal with paperwork.
A wave of disappointment crossed her eyes, but then she thought, maybe it was for the best.
The fluttering of her heart from last night lingered, and his business trip was the perfect chance
to calm down.
She freshened up back at her apartment, grabbed her laptop and all her documents, and set off. Since she's rushed for time, she missed Aubree's text message.
Not until she was in the cab did she see Aubree's message.
[Bri, did you hear? Sophia's gone missing.]
Brielle frowned. Sophia missing?
[Are you sure? I thought she went to a banquet, right?]
No wonder the Rowlands didn't hassle her last night. It was because Sophia had vanished. H
ow could Sophia just disappear?
She hadn't heard even a whisper.
The Rowlands said she definitely went to the banquet. The cops questioned a bunch of people. Some saw her, but after she went to talk to Lillian, she was gone. Chapter 172
Vanished after seeing Lillian? Could it be related to hel?
Knowing Lillian as she did. Brielle doubted she would leave such an obvious clue.
And Lillian had no reason to do this. Something else must have happened last night. Maybe someone was fishing in troubled waters.
Aubree sent another cautious message.
[Be safe. We don't know who's behind Sophia's disappearance or who they're really after. Keep yourself protected until things clear up.]
Brielle had a similar hunch, but it was still unclear which side was involved.
As she was about to exit the cab, her phone buzzed with a new message.
-[You're next.]
Following the message was a photo.
In it, Sophia looked battered and collapsed on the ground, hands and feet bound, eyes covered with a thick black cloth, her body marred with lash marks. She had vanished only for a night, yet she looked half-dead.
This was a threatening message from a kidnapper.
Brielle frowned and didn't hesitate to contact last night's police and forwarded the number.
The response from the police was swift.
"Ms. Brielle, it's a burner phone, and the signal is intermittent, likely scrambling detection. This is professional work. Officers will be dispatched for your protection."
Just as Brielle was about to inform them she was en route to a business trip, another buzz from the phone brought another message from the same number.
A photo, of her, standing outside the airport, less than a hundred meters away.
Brielle's complexion turned grim, and she whispered to the police. "I'm being watched, right outside the airport. It's crowded here, and they won't make a move yet. I hope your people can. get here fast."
"Ms. Brielle, don't worry, we're on our way."
Her heart raced as she hung up, then she positioned herself in the most visible location, standing still.
Guns were banned in the country. No one could take her life from a hundred meters away.
And anyone approaching her, she would vigilantly watch their next move.
Her phone rang again, another new message.
[Leaving the country will only get you killed faster.]
###Chapter 173
Chapter 173
Brielle couldn't fathom the kidnapper's rationale. First, they had their sights set on Sophia, and now her? Aside from a complicated past, there was no connection between her and Sophia. Until the cops showed up, Brielle's heart was in her throat.
The officers were polite. After all, they had just seen her the night before. "Ms. Brielle, please come with us to the station to give a statement."
She nodded, handing over her phone as evidence, knowing that her planned business trip would have to be put on hold. Safety came first.
Riding in the back of the squad car, she arrived at the precinct only to see Miranda and Cameron there to bail out Lillian.
Their faces were storm clouds, especially when they caught sight of Brielle. It looked like they wanted to tear her limb from limb.
Miranda's lips quivered with rage as she stormed over. "Brielle! Isn't it enough that you've framed Lillian and had her thrown in jail? You're downright evil. Are you coming to the police station at a time like this to add insult to injury?"
Her finger was almost poking Brielle's face, her cheeks flushed with anger.
"Ms. Miranda, you're barking up the wrong tree. I couldn't care less about Lillian's case." Brielle replied coolly, heading toward the entrance of the building.
Miranda snorted. "Couldn't care less? If you hadn't meddled years ago, how would the Haywood family ever have acknowledged you? It seems you've orchestrated this whole. charade, luring Lillian into a trap just to expose her on the day she was to be recognized by the family. You're downright sinister."
Brielle felt she had nothing to say to the Haywoods and ignored Miranda, but then Cameron chimed in.
"Brielle, have you considered how Grandpa would react to this news?"
It was the second time Cameron had used Michael as leverage against her.
"Cameron, don't you see the irony? I'm not a Haywood. You're using your grandfather to threaten an outsider. What's your game?"
"It doesn't matter what I think, as long as it works. The fiasco at last night's banquet will soon reach Grandpa's ears, and you wouldn't want him to worry about Haywood affairs in his twilight years, would you? If you don't want to upset him, it's best you keep quiet about Lillian."
His tone softened whenever he mentioned Lillian.
Brielle felt a chill. Knowing full well that Lillian was his sister, yet he was still so fixated.
A man like that was destined to be manipulated by Lillian.
1/2
14:10
Chapter 173
As the three faced off at the entrance, the cops brought out Lillian, who looked as though she had been through hell and back. Just one night in lockup had left her gaunt, her vitality seemingly drained. The moment Miranda saw her daughter, her heart clenched, and she quickly supported Lillian.
"Lillian, are you alright?"
Lillian's lips were pale, and when her eyes met Brielle's, they were filled with venom.
Her chest felt like it was about to burst with fury, and she looked like she wanted to claw Brielle's face off. "What are you doing here, Brielle? Here to gloat?"
The previous night's events had nearly broken her, and the overnight stay in jail had eroded what little sanity she had left.
"I'm telling you, don't get smug."
She didn't bother hiding her malice, "You haven't won. Just wait and see."
Brielle wasn't intimidated by the harsh words. Instead, it was Miranda who flinched, as if she no longer recognized her daughter. In her mind, Lillian had always been gentle, always considerate of others, even when hurt.
But then Lillian's eyes welled with tears, and she whimpered, "Mom, I just want to go home and
rest."
She then turned to Cameron with a weak plea, "Cameron, can I ride back with you?"
Cameron nodded, and as he helped Lillian into the car, he didn't forget to admonish Brielle.
"Let's leave it at this. Mom and Dad will surely discuss this with you later. There's no need for you to come all this way to the station just to rub salt in the wound. No matter what, Lillian is a daughter of the Haywood family, and the wealth she has, you couldn't earn in a lifetime at Dorsey International. Brielle, you're studying finance, and you should know better than to fight capital.”
The implication was clear: the Haywood family had Lillian's back, but Brielle had no one.
Moved by his words, Lillian leaned into Cameron. "Cameron, thank you.
Brielle couldn't help but laugh, "A lifetime's salary at Dorsey International isn't enough? How do you know the Haywood family won't go bankrupt?"
###Chapter 174
Chapter 174
"Brielle, you!"
Cameron was livid, but Lillian's hand landed gently on his arm. "Let it go, Cameron. She's just all talk."
In her heart, Lillian seethed with rage, but staying put would only serve as amusement for
onlookers.
Cameron, too fed up to deal with Brielle any longer, slammed the car door shut.
Meanwhile, Miranda took off in a different vehicle.
Left standing on her own, Brielle felt a sudden peace around her ears. She followed the officer into the lobby.
The cop kept talking about the Haywood family's donation.
"Not only did they bail out Lillian, but to salvage her rep, they dropped a cool ten mil in her name. to the Sunflower Children's Home. Ms. Brielle, please, take a seat."
The officer was no fool. He saw right through the Haywood bunch, "Getting away from that kind of family is a good thing."
In the departing car, Lillian deliberately snuggled up to Cameron, eager to gauge just how far her brother would go for her. After last night's debacle, her fair-weather friends had all clammed up, and even Spencer hadn't shown up to pick her up.
It was Lillian's first bitter taste of defeat.
For years she'd worked to tarnish Brielle's name, and now it had all fallen apart.
She had to fight back.
Step one was to see what lengths the Haywood family would go to for her.
With reddened eyes, Lillian turned, her lips twitching in a semblance of hurt, "Cameron, it was Brielle who pushed me to make that donation. She told me to put it in my name. I never expected her to pull a stunt like this. I was naive. Why would anyone be nice to you for no reason? She must've known I was the real Haywood daughter and set this whole thing up."
Cameron couldn't stand to see her suffer. He had also lost some weight. They'd been close, almost too close once, but now they were just siblings.
Gripping the steering wheel, he didn't meet her eyes. "The Haywoods will handle this mess. Next time, be smarter about who you befriend."
It seemed he had forgiven her and believed her story.
Cameron's bias towards her was undeniable, and she knew how to play it.
1/2
14:10
Chapter 174
With a bitter look in her eyes, Lillian grabbed his wrist," "I'm sorry, Cameron. I never meant to be the Haywood daughter. Don't be mad at me. You'll meet a better woman one day." Despite his efforts, Cameron's heart twinged at her words.
"Sure, I will. And you will too, Lillian.
"No, I won't. That video is out there, and with last night's mess, no one will want to marry me. Spencer didn't even come today. He must be so disappointed."
Her eyes dropped, and she wiped a tear from the corner of her eye.
"The thing with Spencer, it happened because we drank too much. I panicked when I woke up. I don't really like him. The guy I like, he'll never give me a second glance."
"What do you mean? Who do you like?"
Cameron was puzzled, but years of indulging Lillian's wishes meant he couldn't deny her anything.
Lillian had long coveted the idea of attaching herself to Max. Now was the perfect chance to make her feelings known.
Otherwise, if Cameron found out on his own, it would make for a messy situation.
"This mess made me see that Spencer doesn't really care about me. Being with him wouldn't make me happy. I've seen Max a few times before. He's the kind of man worth committing to, better than Spencer. If I could be with him, I'd die happy. Could you help me?"
Few women in Beaconsfield dared pursue Max; just one glance from him could freeze you with his icy demeanor.
Lillian liked Max? That was almost beyond belief.
With a rueful smile, Lillian added, “You think I'm not good enough for him, don't you? My reputation is ruined now."
"Of course not! You deserve the best, Lillian. But Max...
"If Max doesn't mind Brielle, why would he reject me? Between me and Brielle, who's better?"
"You are, of course!"
Cameron's response came without hesitation, a testament to his deep bias for Lillian.
With a slight curve of her lips, Lillian played her card, "If Brielle can get close to Max, why can't I? As long as you're willing to help me, bro."
Cameron had been under Lillian's spell for over a decade, and breaking free wasn't something he could do overnight. After a few minutes of hesitation, he nodded gravely.
"I'll help you, but don't do anything rash."
With that, Lillian achieved her aim, the corners of her mouth hinting at a dark satisfaction..
2/2
###Chapter 175
Chapter 175
Inside the police station, Brielle was diligently answering an officer's questions.
She had handed over Sophia's photo to the authorities, hoping they could glean some clues about her whereabouts from the background scenery.
The police quickly got in touch with the Rowland family and forwarded them the photograph.
Since it was Brielle's lead, she wasn't excluded from the conversation with the Rowland family.
The one who answered the phone was Tessa. Upon hearing it was Brielle's photo, her first response was, "Why haven't you arrested Brielle?"
The officer, caught off guard, glanced reflexively at Brielle and replied somewhat defensively. "Ms. Tessa, you might have misunderstood. It was Miss Brielle who provided the photo, and she is the kidnapper's next target."
"Officer, you say Brielle is the next target, but what connection does she have with my cousin? If the kidnapper's motive is to abduct wealthy young ladies, then Brielle certainly wouldn't be on their list. Besides, everyone knows there's bad blood between Sophia and Brielle, and it was at last night's banquet that Sophia disappeared. Everyone is fully aware of how Brielle strutted around at the banquet." Tessa's tone was full of conviction, "Brielle is the most likely suspect for Sophia's abduction. If you don't arrest her, I'll take this to court and have a subpoena delivered to her doorstep."
The officer was at a loss for words, unprepared for such a blunt accusation from the Rowland family.
Brielle took the phone from the officer, “Ms. Tessa, if the subpoena reaches me, I'll surely sign my name neatly. I hope you keep your word."
Tessa hadn't expected Brielle to be there, let alone overhear her.
Feeling a touch of embarrassment, Tessa's voice chilled, "Do you know who you're speaking to?"
In the social circles of Beaconsfield, Tessa held considerable sway, which was why Tiffanie had advised Brielle not to cross her.
Tessa had a loyal hound in Andrew, ready to clear any obstacle at her whim.
Except for a few teenage years when health issues almost relegated her to the countryside. Tessa had always been at the center of social circles, never before subjected to such mockery. Stunned by Brielle's retort, Tessa was momentarily speechless. By the time she composed a reply, the line had gone dead.
It was like punching into a cushion-frustrating and unsatisfying.
14:10
Chapter 175
Coughing in irritation and clenching her teeth, Tessa glared at her phone.
Sophia was right; Brielle was indeed infuriating.
After hanging up, Brielle looked up at the officer, "Sorry about that, the call dropped. I've finished giving my statement. Can I go home now? The police will be keeping watch around my apartment, right?" The officer nodded, "Don't worry, our colleagues will be on the lookout for any suspicious individuals near your residence."
Brielle sighed in relief, then remembered she should probably call Dorsey International to inform them. Instead of being on a business trip, she found herself at the police station.
Until the kidnapping issue was resolved, her personal safety couldn't be guaranteed. For now, she had to set aside the matter of the business trip.
She decided to text Max, briefly explaining that an urgent matter had come up and her trip would be postponed.
There was no immediate reply from Max, but Brielle didn't linger on it.
On the ride back to her apartment in the police car, her phone pinged with a news alert about Max.
-The Dorsey family in talks with the Barnes family over a significant matter? Speculations. arise about a potential marriage.
The headline was clear-cut, accompanied by photos of Max's car at the airport and him. chatting with Jose Barnes.
As the premier family of Beaconsfield, the Dorseys were always under media scrutiny. especially when it came to the prospect of a merger between two wealthy dynasties. Beneath the article, comments were filled with blessings, sparked by Alivia's social media post flaunting her rosary and a cryptic poem hinting at affection for someone. The comments from netizens were all full of blessings.
[How romantic! Is this what romance looks like between big shots?]
[They've known each other since childhood, true childhood sweethearts, and both graduated from top universities. They're a match made by fate.]
[I'm so jealous of Alivia. She can gaze upon Max up close.]
###Chapter 176
Chapter 176
Brielle scrolled through the comments and noticed someone had posted a screenshot of Alivia's latest post, featuring a black rosary bracelet wrapped around her wrist, identical to the beads Max had been seen wearing in several paparazzi shots.
Everyone seemed to be green with envy, but all Brielle could taste was the bitter tang disappointment.
of
No wonder he hadn't replied to her texts; he was at the airport, picking up the patriarch of the Barnes family.
we've
With a sigh, she closed her eyes just as the cop in the front seat said, "Ms. Brielle, we' reached your apartment."
Quickly regaining her composure, Brielle nodded and stepped out of the car, walking towards the building entrance in a daze, while the officers who had accompanied her lurked nearby.
As soon as Brielle exited the elevator, her front door greeted her with a mess of cigarette butts, and there sat a man on her doorstep, Spencer, reeking of booze and tobacco, a combination that turned her stomach.
His bloodshot eyes lifted to meet hers, and he staggered to his feet, slurring. "I checked out the charity, and indeed, it was your donation. Burp."
After belching loudly, he peered at her through bleary eyes, "Lillian's gone off the deep end. I was all set to marry her, but my mom's had second thoughts, wants me to have another go at convincing you. Brielle, is there any chance for us?"
Brielle couldn't believe his nerve, flinging her door open, "Maybe you should go get your head checked at the hospital first."
She tried to slam the door, but Spencer's hand shot out, bracing against it.
Without hesitation, Brielle pushed back-hard.
"Bang!"
She expected him to recoil, but he didn't, wincing as his hand visibly swelled.
A pang of regret hit her, and she pulled the door open, "What the hell do you want, Spencer? Our engagement is off. I'm not playing house with you."
Spencer's eyes were bloodshot, and he couldn't help but grab her hand. He had no idea what he was doing, thinking it was all a dream. Even in his dreams, Brielle was so heartless.
Blind with frustration, he barged in, pinning her against the wall..
Brielle felt her insides jolt, and instinctively, her foot shot out into his stomach.
Spencer doubled over, his face turning a shade paler with pain.
Chapter 176
The agony snapped him back to reality, and he looked around, realizing this was Brielle's room. He remembered coming to Brielle's apartment, feeling upset, so he smoked a few extra
cigarettes.
"Bri."
He called out, staggering to his feet and lunging forward, collapsing both of them onto the couch.
Before Brielle could react, the sound of camera shutters filled the air from the doorway.
"Click-click!"
Caught in this compromising position, they were snapped in a series of shots.
Brielle shoved Spencer away, ready to chase the paparazzi hiding in the shadows, b
ut Spencer wrapped his arms around her waist from behind. "The stuff I said at the party, all nonsense. I'm sorry."
Tears rimmed his eyes as he bit his lip. "I apologize."
Shaking with fury, Brielle wondered who had sent the photographer. What was the angle? Did the gossip from the Haywood family's party leak, and now the media was prying into high. society secrets, tailing Spencer for some juicy scandal?
Teeth clenched, her heart pounding, she pointed to the door, "Get out."
Silent, Spencer felt humiliated. He had apologized, wasn't that enough?
"Brielle, 1-"
"I said leave. You better find that photographer and stop those photos from going viral. I refuse to be tabloid fodder with you."
Lips pressed into a thin line, Spencer's eyes danced with resentment.
Sharing the news with him was that shameful?
His cheek burned with both pain and embarrassment.
Dizzily, he staggered out, and at the building entrance, the photographer approached, handing over the camera with deference.
"Mr. Spencer, are these shots to your liking? Should I splash them across the front page?"
So, it was Spencer who had planned this.
A satisfied smile curled his lips as he reviewed the images capturing Brielle beneath him, artfully taken.
"Publish these," he instructed, his voice cold, "I will transfer the payment later. Send these photos to a few groups, and spin it as an old flame rekindling."
###Chapter 177
Chapter 177
The reporter nodded with satisfaction, pulling out his smartphone to display his account.
A hefty sum of ten thousand dollars swiftly landed in his account. He dove into a few online forums and, true to his word, shared the photos far and wide. Meanwhile, Spencer sat numbly in his car, staring blankly at the palm of his hand where he could still feel the lingering warmth of Brielle's touch. Over the years, Spencer and Brielle hadn't been close. There were no hugs, no kisses, none of the usual couple's intimacies had passed between them. When he had pinned her down earlier, he was struck by the vividness of her expression.
But the thought of her showing that face to other men made Spencer's stomach turn.
Brielle's performance at the banquet embarrassed him greatly, and he was determined to retaliate. That was why he deliberately orchestrated this scene. Brielle's eagerness to sever ties only made Spencer more determined to keep her entangled in his life.
As for Lillian, a little sweet-talk would smooth things over.
His mother was right: Lillian's reputation was tarnished, and his grandfather wouldn't allow him to be entangled with a woman of her standing. He just couldn't let her go. If he could keep Lillian, why couldn't he do the same for Brielle?
With Brielle's history with men, what was one more to her? And after all these years without any real intimacy between them, he felt owed.
He was sure Brielle would come crawling back to him in tears.
Back at her apartment, Brielle bolted her door with shaking hands, her head pounding with rage and distress.
She hadn't eaten much at the banquet last night and had missed breakfast this morning. Spencer's outburst left her stomach in knots, and she rushed to the bathroom.
All she could bring up was bile, and cold sweat broke out across her forehead. She stumbled back to the couch, the room spinning before her eyes.
She felt like she was paying for some past-life debt to Spencer.
Clutching her phone, she tried to dial for an ambulance, but her vision blurred, and her hands shook too much to see whom she was calling. Overcome with pain, she passed out. The Dorsey family home was bustling with excitement. Michael and Jose had returned from their vacation, and it was the perfect occasion for a family dinner, a gathering of generations. Max was pulled away from overtime at the office by a call from Michael.
1/2
14:11
With Jose staying for dinner, it was only proper for the younger family members, including Max. to join.
Other relatives rushed to the residence, even including Ryan, recently stripped of his position, who hoped to leave a good impression on the family elder..
Max, finishing a work call, was about to step into the hall when his phone buzzed again.
Inside the house, the voices of the two old gentlemen conversing could be heard, along with the compliments from the younger generation. He heard someone call his name and reflexively attempted to hang up the phone.
However, the screen flashed Brielle's name.
Pausing. Max stepped aside. "What's up?"
There was no response, just an intermittent breathing and a muffled groan of distress.
Without a second thought, Max headed out, the servant who had opened the door for him only catching a glimpse of his retreating back and calling out, "Where are you off to, sir?"
But by then. Max was gone.
He
p got into the car and had someone locate Brielle's phone. When he found out she was at her apartment, he sighed in relief and stepped on the gas.
Max rarely drove himself, but this time, he pushed the speed to the maximum. After reaching. the building, he saw the neighboring lady again in the corridor. Seeing him, her eyes lit up.
"Oh, it's you! Still caught up with Brielle, huh? Remember that kid I told you about? I've got a picture, she's a real cutie."
Chapter 178
###Chapter 178
Chapter 178
She had wanted to approach him further, but Max's countenance was so ice-cold that it made. her shrink back, scurrying into her own room.
"Brielle?"
Max tapped on the door and rang the doorbell several times.
Amidst a groggy haze, Brielle thought she heard her name being called.
A burning pain seared through her stomach as she slowly awoke, hearing the doorbell and Max's voice, mistaking them for auditory hallucinations. Shouldn't he have returned to the Dorsey family manor by now? And wouldn't the Dorsey. household be buzzing with activity tonight? Brielle frowned, feeling as though her blood was freezing over, unsure if it was due to the drop in temperature or the chill in her heart.
"Brielle!"
The urgency in the man's voice helped her realize that it wasn't her imagination.
Struggling to her feet, she made her way to the door and opened it.
Max's face tightened at the sight of her pale complexion and bloodstained lips. "Stomachache?"
She nodded, her eyelashes fluttering with drops of sweat rolling down.
Max scooped her up in his arms and carried her straight to the elevator.
Brielle rested against his chest, listening to his racing heartbeat, and slowly closed her eyes.
The elevator came to a halt at the ground floor. Max carried her out, placing her gently in the passenger seat and leaned over to buckle her up.
Brielle leaned her head back, hand over her stomach, hoping the position might alleviate some of the pain.
After securing the seatbelt, Max moved to the driver's side. "What caused the stomachache?"
Of course, Brielle did not want to admit it was Spencer who had upset her, and just thinking about the whole affair made her feel irritable. She was also worried about those photographs. making their way around.
"I forgot to eat."
"Is the salary I give you worth all this, Ms. Brielle?"
Max's sarcasm wasn't new to her. Brielle pursed her lips, her chest tight with anger and eyes brimming with tears, her hand at her side clenched slowly.
1/2
14:11
Max frowned. Seeing that they had already reached the hospital, he parked the car and considered carrying her inside.
.b
ut Brielle pushed him away, trudging up the nearby staircase with labored breaths.
Max stood rooted for a few seconds before following. "Are you angry?
His voice carried a hint of confusion, as he reached out to her again.
"I can go by myself. I can't afford to waste Mr. Dorsey's precious time. I'll also take a few days off. The business trip will have to be postponed."
As Max watched her retreating figure, he couldn't help but find her behavior slightly amusing.
The elevator was right there, but because it was too close to him, Brielle had chosen the stairs. her silhouette exuding steam in her frustration.
Max stood in place for a moment before slowly following her. "Why take the stairs when there's an elevator?"
A few steps up, and Brielle already regretted her decision. Each rise of her foot sent sharp jabs of pain through her stomach, yet turning back to the elevator now would be too humiliating. Her hand gripped the railing, slick with sweat, her face turning even paler.
"Don't worry about me."
She attempted to ascend further, but Max swept her up in his arms and carried her up two flights of stairs.
Brielle's heart raced uncontrollably, but eventually, she succumbed to the exhaustion and fell silent.
While the doctor examined her, Max was standing by the window.
Brielle didn't look at him until the IV needle pierced her hand, causing her to flinch in pain.
The doctor wiped the sweat from his forehead, feeling the pressure of Max's gaze upon him.
"Mr. Dorsey, she should be fine after the IV. Ms. Brielle's constitution is rather weak. She should eat regularly and avoid spicy food in the future."
Max looked up, his gaze settling on Brielle. "Did you hear that, Brielle?"
For some reason, Brielle felt a wave of mortification and looked down, as if she were a child being reprimanded by the headmaster.
She gritted her teeth and muttered, "I know."
"You know, and yet you end up in the hospital?"
Brielle fell silent, her heart squeezed tight with indignation.
###Chapter 179
14:11
Chapter 179
The doctor, sensing the tension between the two, scurried out of the ward room, making sure to close the door behind him.
Max approached, his own mood darkening.
Only he knew the anxiety that came with receiving such a call, speeding through red lights all the way here.
He had never lost his composure like this before.
The moment Brielle opened the door, his heart had jumped into his throat. Only when he heard her voice did his tense muscles start to unwind.
He tried to rationalize why he was feeling this way.
Then, he thought about dopamine.
At rest, dopamine fires at three to five times a second, but when excited, its firing rate can Surge to twenty to thirty times a second.
When the anticipated outcome doesn't materialize, dopamine firing can drop to zero. It's a lousy feeling, one that can provoke irritation, J ust like he was feeling now.
What was he expecting? For Brielle to be safe and sound, or was it something else?
He didn't know, but right now, looking at her, he felt a deep sense of tranquility.
Brielle, with her eyes red from anger, looked endearingly cute.
Whether it was her clear-headedness, her sensibility, or her slight temper, it all made his heart. flutter.
What was this feeling?
He couldn't understand.
There was a knock on the door, and someone walked in, bringing with them the delicious aroma of food.
The person dressed in a chef's outfit placed the meal tray on the table, nodded respectfully to Max, and then exited the room.
Max lifted the lid, revealing a selection of delicate, light dishes, and a bowl of soup.
He picked up a spoon and stirred the soup, blowing on it gently.
Brielle tensed up instantly. She remembered back at Premier Palace, Max had seemed intent. on taking care of her, but due to her outspoken comment, it ended up being a servant who fed her.
1/2
14:11
Chapter 179
Now, with no servants around, was Max going to feed her himself?
She held her breath, swallowed hard, her hands clenched into fists under the blanket, and a sheen of sweat formed on her back.
Max held the spoon to her lips, his movements stiff and inexperienced, "Eat.
His tone wasn't particularly tender, but it wasn't indifferent either.
Brielle opened her mouth, feeling as if the soup tasted sweet.
Max took a fork and carefully picked up some food, holding it under her lips.
Stunned by the gesture, Brielle opened her mouth and ate it as soon as she saw his impatience
growing.
One spoonful of porridge, one bite of food, he arranged it all so smoothly.
The warmth filled Brielle's aching stomach, soothing the pain.
Neither of them spoke..
The atmosphere seemed to grow cozy, but this coziness was swiftly interrupted, as ephemeral as a few fleeting seconds.
Max's phone rang. He hit the speaker button and placed it aside, continuing to stir the soup. "Dad."
He called out, spooning more soupto Brielle.
Brielle, now sweating from nerves, didn't dare open her mouth, but also feared that Max might say something else, so she waved her hand, indicating she was full.
The authoritative voice of Michael came through the phone, "Max, everyone was here today. why did you leave?"
"There was an urgent matter at work. Please apologize to Jose for me."
Michael glanced around at the seated family members, feeling a twinge of disappointment, "What urgent matter? I just called Patrick, and you weren't at the office. Were you working overtime at Premier Palace?"
It was an accusation.
###Chapter 180
Chapter 180
Max set down his spoon and picked up a napkin from the table, gently wiping the corner of Brielle's mouth.
Brielle flinched away as if Michael was watching right beside them, her whole body tense with discomfort.
Her evasion only made Max's gaze grow more intense. He caught her chin in his hand, his words directed to Michael though he wasn't there.
"Not at Premier Palace."
"Then where are you?"
Brielle's pupils contracted, a shiver running through her as she saw the displeasure spread across his face. She bit her lower lip, a mixture of excitement, tension, and panic swirling in her
chest.
Max took a few seconds to savor her expression, his eyes twinkling with amusement, "I'm at the hospital with..."
Before he could finish. Brielle's lips met his, sealing them shut.
Her action was almost reflexive, spurred by her frantic state.
Michael's voice echoed in his ear.
"What are you doing at the hospital? Are you not feeling well?
Max, which hospital are you at? I'll send someone to look after you." Brielle's lips quivered against his, her eyelashes fluttering with anxiety.
Max found himself charmed, he gently bit her lip, savoring the moment.
Heat flooded Brielle's cheeks, and she wanted to retreat but couldn't, her hands tensed to the point where the IV in her arm began to show traces of blood backflow.
Max finally let her go, then replied to Michael.
"No need, it's a minor issue. I'll be there soon."
"That's good to hear. You're busy all year round, never taking care of yourself, nor settling down. When you give me a grandchild to hold, I wouldn't need to constantly remind you over the phone. Since Jose is here tonight, let's discuss your and Alivia's situation in detail. Anyway, come back soon, dinner's almost ready. Don't keep us waiting."
"Yeah."
Max ended the call and turned to Brielle. "I'll have someone come take care of you."
The hospital room fell silent. As he stood to leave, his coat was tugged at.
1/3
14:11
Chapter 180
Brielle looked up at him, her grip loosening only after a long moment, "No need, I'll go home once the drip is done."
"You're staying for two days. It's necessary.
Max looked at his crumpled coat, his tone softening. "Don't want to stay?"
Brielle nodded. She indeed disliked hospitals, and the smell of disinfectant made her uneasy.
During her years with the Haywood family, each hospital stay meant waking up alone to white walls, a setting that triggered anxiety.
Moreover, Max was headed to the Dorsey family estate to discuss his marriage to Alivia with the Barnes family.
How much longer could their relationship last?
She felt like a condemned prisoner awaiting execution.
"If you don't want to stay, then go to Premier Palace. I'll have Patrick pick you up.”
"I want to go back to my apartment."
Brielle's eyes dropped.
Her stomach wasn't in pain, but her heart began to ache.
Her face grew paler, fragile in its beauty, as if it might shatter at a touch.
"Brielle, what are you really thinking about?"
Max stepped closer, bending down to look at her.
He was unbeatable in the business world but clueless about the intricacies of a woman's heart. Brielle felt weary, leaning back against the bedpost. She closed her eyes and said, "Mr. Dorsey. should our relationship come to an end?"
Max stood by the bed, a sharp sting piercing his heart.
He frowned, a surge of inexplicable irritation welling up inside.
He had imagined a thousand scenarios of what she might say next.
Perhaps - Will you stay with me at the hospital?
Could you not discuss marriage plans with the Barnes family?
If she just looked up at him with teary eyes and asked, he would surely relent, b
ut he never expected her to say this.
Indeed, Brielle was always so clear-headed.
He was probably the only one not thinking clearly.
2/3
14:12
Chapter 180
eeing her all pale and frail, Max couldn't bear to be angry, pretending indifference as he turned away. "You want to end it?"
It took all her strength for Brielle to nod faintly, as if hearing the sound of her heart breaking.
A chill flashed across Max's eyes. At the door, he left only one sentence. "We'll see."
With that, he left without hesitation.
He walked stiffly to the elevator, kicking a trash can along the way.
It was hard to imagine such a normally reserved man showing such a childish side.
Max felt suffocated. Today the elevator seemed exceptionally stifling, as if he could hardly breathe.
Was it because the weather had turned gloomy?
3/3
###Chapter 181
Chapter 181
He undid the top two buttons of his shirt, maintaining a stern expression as he climbed into the
waiting car.
Patrick glanced at him through the rearview mirror, swallowing nervously before speaking up.
"Mr. Dorsey, aren't we waiting for Ms. Brielle?"
He had only just found out that Ms. Brielle was in the hospital, and was surprised to see Max leaving the Dorsey family gathering to be here in person.
With his eyes closed, a rare trace of irritation crossed Max's features. "No need. She can handle herself," he said calmly, striving to regain his composure.
Patrick pressed the gas pedal and dared not ask any more questions.
Meanwhile, at the Dorsey residence, Michael and Jose were deep in conversation, quite pleased with the impending marriage between their younger family members and already contemplating setting a date. Jose took a sip of his coffee, his mind on Alivia at the research institute, and a look of satisfaction appeared on his face.
"Alivia has been yearning for Max all these years. Now, it seems her wish is finally coming
true."
Dressed smartly in a tweed jacket, Michael looked spirited. "There's no better daughter-in-law for my boy than Alivia. It's a shame Max has been so work-obsessed, poor girl. Is she also the one who facilitated the investment of Dorsey International in Book this time?"
Jose chuckled, "She mentioned helping out, which is great. Both kids are too independent. rarely giving us old men a reason to worry."
Michael glanced up at the wall clock and instructed a nearby servant, "Go check if Max's car
has arrived."
The servant nodded promptly and left.
Spencer, sitting not too far away, felt restless. He still reeked of booze and feared a reprimand from Michael, so he kept his distance.
He'd been pulled in at the last minute, having planned to visit the Haywood family and see Lillian.
But now, with Max absent, Spencer's mind drifted back to the previous night when he stumbled upon Uncle Max in a compromising position with a woman by the Haywood family's floral wall.
Even now, Spencer wondered if it had been a hallucination because the woman Max had been kissing, sheltered under his coat, was definitely not Alivia.
Alivia had been abroad these past days, meeting with Noah to discuss the Book deal.
14:12
So, who was this woman Max was so protective of?
Growing more anxious, especially as he listened to the elders discuss marriage arrangements, Spencer feared being questioned, feeling a sweat break out on his back.
Eventually, Michael turned his gaze to Spencer, and took a sip of his coffee. "Spencer, why did Max attend the Haywood family's banquet?"
Michael was genuinely curious; he hadn't asked Max directly, but Spencer had been on the scene and should know something.
Spencer felt his spine weaken, his palms slick with cold sweat.
Had he not witnessed that scene, Max's presence at the Haywood banquet would indeed have been surprising, b
ut having seen it, Spencer believed Max must have been there to meet the woman he desired.
Various speculations ran through Spencer's mind.
For instance, why hadn't Max arranged a private meeting with the woman?
Could it be that her identity was sensitive? And Max so captivated by her that he couldn't resist his impulses even by the floral wall?
Spencer's thoughts were in turmoil, and an inexplicable fear gripped him.
"Grandpa, maybe Uncle Max was just there for a stroll. He barely spoke a word at the banquet." Spencer offered tentatively.
"Max is not one for casual strolls. In his eyes, nothing is more important than work," Michael replied, setting his coffee cup down, his expression turning frosty. "You young ones are all the same, none of you give me peace of mind. And this matter with you and that Lillian has become the talk of the town."
Spencer's throat went dry with fear, knowing he was in for a scolding and quickly admitting his fault. "Grandpa, that was my fault."
Michael nodded, but his words were devoid of emotion. "Stay away from Lillian in the future. Spencer. I know you've been bewitched by others' words."
###Chapter 182
Chapter 182
Bewitched by others' words, all the disapproval was shifted onto Lillian,
Men will be men, and a little indiscretion here and there is nothing unheard of. If the woman made the first move, Spencer would simply be a man who couldn't resist temptation.
With the Barnes family members around, Michael didn't lay it out too explicitly, b
ut Spencer had a hunch. Michael was hinting that he should cut ties with Lillian.
Without that fiasco at the Haywood family's soiree, Michael would have turned a blind eye to his actions. However, the scandal at the Haywood banquet was too much, and Lillian's reputation was now thoroughly tarnished. Being associated with her could significantly impact Spencer's own standing.
Spencer's defense of Lillian at the event had already been detrimental to him, tarnishing his
reputation to some extent.
If he continued to be obstinate, even becoming the butt of jokes within their circle...
Spencer shuddered, a trace of concealed satisfaction flickering in his eyes.
Was his grandfather suggesting he continue his relationship with Brielle?
Or perhaps there was a condition. Until he found someone new, messing around with Brielle was as good as entangling himself with Lillian once more.
Michael's words had made his position clear.
Spencer thought of the photos that had spread within their circle and felt that his actions were probably in line with his grandfather's wishes.
"Grandfather, I understand," he said.
Michael nodded, pleased. Hearing from a servant that Max had arrived, he rose with a smile.
Max's face had already adjusted to a neutral expression by the time be entered the room. He exchanged pleasantries with the Dorsey family members, chatted.briefly with Jose, and then sat quietly to the side. Everyone sensed his sour mood, and apart from a few elders, no one dared to strike up at conversation with him.
At the hospital, Brielle had been staring out the window since Max left. The sky was a dreary shade of gray, offering nothing pleasant to gaze upon.
It was seven in the evening after her IV had finished. She chose not to stay overnight at the hospital but instead went to check on Mark in another ward.
Ever since the last episode that landed him in the hospital, Mark's health had been failing. necessitating a prolonged stay for recuperation. Chapter 182
Before Brielle entered the room, she heard Mark's coughing and a nurse's kind inquiries.
"Sir, where's your family? With your condition, you need someone by your side. Otherwise, who will assist you if you need something in the middle of the night?"
Mark coughed a few more times, then sighed heavily. "Divorced a long time ago. I'm fine like this, really. But I worry about the kids at the orphanage. Without me there, I doubt they know how to take care of themselves."
Brielle paused, then upon entering and seeing Mark's pale face, she hurriedly said, "Mark. I'll go check on the kids at the orphanage.
Mark tried to sit up when he saw her, but after several attempts, he resignedly lay back down. nearly forgetting that he would have to rely on a wheelchair in the future.
"Brielle, don't worry about me. I've saved up a bit over the years. I plan to hire a caregiver for the kids."
Mark's voice was filled with guilt, and he couldn't bring himself to meet Brielle's eyes. "And the Haywood family donated ten million to the orphanage."
He seemed to feel he was betraying Brielle. He couldn't just consider the grievances between the adults: there were children who needed sustaining. "Brielle. I'm truly sorry. But this money can get the kids into better schools. The Haywoods may have wronged you terribly, but this is for the children." Brielle handed him a cup of water and sat beside him. "Don't think like that. If the Haywood family's, money can improve the kids' futures, we should use it." Mark coughed again, his complexion worsening.
That was all well and good, but he still felt he had let Brielle down.
Brielle quickly changed the subject, not wanting him to dwell on the Haywood matter.
"I've asked a friend to help find a new location for the orphanage. We should have options soon. I'll arrange for someone to discuss the design with you."
Mark moved his lips, his eyes reddening as he patted her shoulder. "It's the kids who owe you."
Brielle didn't respond, and then she heard him ask, "And the Haywoods?"
"I've cut ties with them. I'm not their daughter. Lillian is."
"I know, Brielle. But..."
He didn't know what else to say, and eventually, it seemed like he was getting a headache. He closed his eyes to rest.
Brielle didn't linger to disturb him further. She left the room quietly, closing the door behind her. She waited by the roadside for a while before hailing a cab back to her apartment. Chapter 182
However, the apartment door was wide open, the inside a complete mess; even the couch was overturned on the floor.
The neighbor lady and the police were at the doorstep. On seeing Brielle, the lady clutched her hand in fright.
"Brielle, dear, check if anything's missing. I came over and saw your door wide open, everything. in disarray. I was so scared I called the cops right away."
###Chapter 183
Chapter 183
Brielle stepped into the living room, immediately struck by the chaos that greeted her. It was like trying to find a square inch of peace in a rock concert. Thankfully, aside from a bit of cash, everything else was untouched.
The audacity of the thieves was astonishing, especially with the police right around the corner.
After reporting the incident to the cops stationed nearby, Brielle tidied up her company's computer and documents, grabbed a few clothing items, and decided to crash at a hotel for the night.
Her apartment was no longer a safe haven, at least for the time being.
No sooner had she stepped out of her building than she spotted Max's car lurking behind a tree. Her heart skipped a beat, pounding uncontrollably against her chest.
The car cruised forward and came to a halt in front of her.
The window rolled down, revealing an empty backseat without Max.
Instead, Patrick emerged, "Ms. Brielle, I was at the hospital, and the doc said you were discharged. Mr. Dorsey sent me to keep an eye out here. If you need anything in the middle of the night, just holler." Holding a small suitcase, Brielle felt a pang of heartache mixed with numbness.
Patrick, puzzled by the suitcase in the dead of night, hurried over to take it from her. "Ms. Brielle, where are you off to at this hour?"
She got into the car and replied with a raspy voice. "Take me to Premier Palace."
Joy flickered across Patrick's face as he loaded the suitcase into the trunk. "Great, Mr. Dorsey will be thrilled."
As the neon lights blurred past the window, Brielle mused, "Really? He'll be happy that I'm going to Premier Palace?"
"Mr. Dorsey was in a foul mood on his way to the family estate. I'm pretty sure it had something to do with you, Ms. Brielle."
Brielle fell silent. Thinking about Max feeding her in the hospital and being the first one to notice her fainting, she felt a bit regretful at the moment. She had been nothing but a canary in a gilded cage, seduced by greed into hoping for a
response.
Max hadn't done anything wrong. As far as patrons went, he was more decent than most.
The fault was hers, for harboring foolish hopes.
It seemed an apology was in order tonight.
14:12
Chapter 183
weren't frightened."
Max's typical aloofness didn't surprise her. If she could ensnare him on the first try, there would be no thrill of the chase.
All she needed was to keep appearing before him. If he could see something in that wretch. Brielle, then he would surely fall for her own charms.
After all, she had always been more alluring than Brielle, which was why Spencer and Cameron had been so easily ensnared.
###Chapter 184
Chapter 184
Lillian's lips curled into a smug grin as she uttered those words, only to see the window slide
down.
It wasn't Max's indifferent face that was revealed but Brielle's.
Brielle had a smile on her face as her gaze fell on the slightly open neckline, carrying a meaningful expression. This kind of look felt like a slap, leaving Lillian bruised and battered.
Taking a step back in alarm, Lillian heard Brielle's voice cut through, "Is this the kind of stunt you pulled to snag Spencer?"
Lillian thought last night was embarrassing enough, but this moment now was the ultimate humiliation.
They were both women; Brielle undoubtedly knew what Lillian had just been attempting.
Feeling a burning shame on her cheeks yet holding her ground, Lillian retorted with a sneer. "If it works, it works. Spencer always said you were dull and boring. Brielle, now I am the lady of the Haywood family. Your future days won't be easy."
Brielle withdrew her glance, chuckling lightly. "Even if I have it rough. I wouldn't be caught dead throwing myself at a man in the middle of the street."
Lillian felt the sting of humiliation, her nails digging into her palms, leaving trails of crimson, b
ut she was dying to know why Brielle was in Max's car.
"Brielle, have you hooked up with Max?"
Her tone was a mix of anger and delight.
If she could leak this tidbit to the Dorsey family, they would never let Brielle off the hook.
But part of her envied Brielle for being close enough to Max to ride in his car.
Lillian's lips almost bled from biting them, her eyes brimming with resentment.
Before Brielle could reply, Patrick approached, addressing them respectfully. "I'm colleagues. with Ms. Brielle. It was merely a coincidence that I ran into her, and I offered her a lift. Please refrain from making baseless remarks."
So, she hadn't snagged Max, but Max's driver instead.
How ludicrous, Brielle had sunk so low.
Lillian's face twisted with mockery as she sized up Patrick without restraint.
Patrick, as Max's assistant, was a handsome man with some competence, but he was no match for Max.
Brielle was only fit to involve herself with such underlings.
14:13
Well, she was just a bastard after all.
Lillian chuckled at her previous suspicions, figuring that Brielle's appearance with Max was nothing but a chance encounter.
And Max's defending her was probably just out of distaste for Faith's behavior.
After all, the Dorsey family was rife with conflict, and Max and Ryan were hardly on good terms. Lillian burst out laughing, her derision unmasked, "Colleagues? That's rich. Everyone knows about the string of men Brielle keeps, and it seems you're one of them."
Her gaze flitted over them, a contemptuous smirk on her lips.
Patrick wanted to retort but knew better; arguing would only fuel Lillian's gossip. It was better to let her misunderstand.
Brielle seemed to share the sentiment, closing the car window coolly. "Mr. Patrick, please discuss the compensation details with Ms. Lillian."
Patrick nodded, dialed the insurance company, and relayed the compensation details to Lillian.
Lillian couldn't care less about the money. As she got into her car, she couldn't resist sneering at Patrick, "A driver's the best Brielle can do in her man-hunting game, huh."
Patrick pursed his lips, and once inside the car, he vented, "Ms. Brielle, is she insane?"
Brielle couldn't help but laugh, the complexity of emotions she had felt in the car earlier dissipated by Lillian's antics.
"Maybe she is," she said.
Patrick hit the gas, unable to stop his mouth from twitching. "She's trying to climb up to Mr. Dorsey?"
"Isn't it obvious enough?" Brielle propped her chin in her hand, "Do you think Mr. Dorsey would go for someone like her?""
###Chapter 185
Chapter 185
Patrick gripped the steering wheel with barely contained frustration. "Ms. Brielle, please don't sell yourself short."
Sell herself short?
Did Patrick really think she was better than Lillian?
Sure, she could admit that she was more capable than Lillian when it came to work, but when it came to charming men, Lillian had a natural gift.
Otherwise, she wouldn't have Spencer wrapped around her finger, acting like he was under some kind of love spell, or have Cameron willing to play the fool. Brielle lacked confidence in that department, so most of the time she just consoled herself by saying she was walking a different path than Lillian.
Even if she looked down on Lillian's man-catching tactics, maybe that's exactly what the guys went for?
She remained silent all the way to the Premier Palace, both of them engulfed in their own thoughts.
Meanwhile, Lillian returned to the Haywood estate with a sour expression.
Miranda couldn't help but stand up when she saw her. "Lillian, where have you been?"
The Haywoods had just bailed Lillian out from the police station, and Miranda was on an emotional rollercoaster.
On one hand, she couldn't believe Lillian would do something so reckless, but the evidence presented by the police was irrefutable.
She could only comfort herself with the thought that Lillian might have just taken a wrong turn, probably pushed to it by Brielle or set up by her.
In any case, it had to be Brielle's fault.
Lillian sat down in a huff, pulling her collar straight. "Mom, do you know? Brielle's been messing around with Max's driver. No wonder she showed up with Max that night." As she spoke, her face was smug, her lips curling with scorn.
Miranda's eyes widened in disbelief, clutching her hand. "Lillian, are you sure?”
"Of course, I'm sure. I just caught them outside. Brielle and that driver were sitting in the car, all lovey-dovey without Max. It was absolutely sickening."
Miranda's feelings had been complicated, even feeling a sense of dread that Brielle might have a brighter future than her own daughter.
After all, Brielle had earned significant acclaim at last night's banquet, coming out on top.
1/2
14:13
The only thing she seemed to lose was the engagement to Spencer, but it was clear that Brielle herself didn't mind.
Miranda had been worried that Brielle might have found a more powerful ally, but now, hearing she was involved with Max's driver, she couldn't help but smile.
"Lillian, you are our daughter. Don't stoop to her level. Keep Spencer happy, and you can still marry into the Dorsey family."
Lillian wanted to say she was over Spencer, that she had bigger fish to fry, and that Cameron had promised to help her.
Eventually, she would find a way to tie the knot with Max sooner rather than later.
But she worried that voicing these thoughts would unsettle Miranda.
She had long realized that the Haywoods were spineless in the presence of Max.
Not just the Haywoods, but even Faith seemed like a junior before him.
The more Lillian noticed this, the more she felt the need to have Max completely enraptured by her.
"Mom, don't worry, I would never let myself get tangled with a driver. Brielle has so many men after her already, it seems this driver is just another notch on her belt. Utterly indecent."
Miranda's face also lit up with triumph, her grip tender on Lillian. "Don't worry about Brielle. She may have talent, but she's got no backup. We can handle her easily. I'll make sure you get the best of everything."
Lillian snorted coldly, feeling somewhat disappointed in the Haywoods.
The Haywood business relied too heavily on the Dorseys, and even though they had clawed their way into the Beaconsfield elite, they had no real standing in the eyes of their peers, other than their wealth. "Mom, Brielle works at Dorsey International, and we're bound to run into her. Tell Dad and my brother to not go easy on her if they do."
She was determined to regain the dignity she lost that night, at Brielle's expense.
Miranda nodded, her voice soothing. "Don't worry, I've already spoken to your father about it."
But Lillian stood up, "I want to tell Dad myself. Where is he?"
A sly smile crept into Miranda's eyes. "Your dad and I have found a suitable match for Brielle. He's in the drawing room discussing it as we speak."
###Chapter 186
Chapter 186
Lillian was absolutely livid. How could the Haywood family even consider finding another suitor for that bitch Brielle.
Even if the Haywoods had fallen on hard times, they still had serious cash to their name. Was it really necessary to pair Brielle up with some up-and-coming young hotshot?
As her face contorted with rage, Lillian overheard the next words from Miranda,
"Mr. Connor, from Apex Dynamics, is in his fifties. Divorced a few years back. His wife couldn't bear his constant infidelities and ended up taking her own life from depression. He hasn't remarried since then, though he's had his fair share of flings with young things. Not exactly the classiest of acts. Brielle and him? They're a match made in heaven."
A wicked thrill darted through Lillian's eyes. A twice-married man in his fifties with a penchant for playing the field?
Miranda hit the nail on the head. This man was the perfect match for Brielle.
She could hardly wait for Brielle to tie the knot with him, her voice laced with glee. "Is Mr. Connor on board with this?"
Mira Sheered, "Mr. Connor is all about the looks, and Brielle's got the kind of face he goes
for. He'll definitely bite. With this, the Haywood clan can skim off some benefits."
It was as if they were auctioning off Brielle to secure a lucrative deal for the Haywood estate.
Lillian felt a weight lift from her shoulders, her lips curving into a smile, "Mom, you're too kind to Brielle. The wife of the CEO of Apex Dynamics is far better than being some chauffeur's wife. Brielle ought to be thanking you."
Miranda shared the sentiment. After all, they had raised Brielle for years; they couldn't let her just walk away without getting something in return.
Meanwhile, in the adjacent parlor, Robert was sitting across from Mr. Connor.
Apex Dynamics was a major client for the Haywoods.
Mr. Connor, barely five foot seven, sported a belly that hid his shoelaces from view.
Dressed in a bespoke suit, his shirt tucked neatly in, an Hermes belt around his waist stood out conspicuously.
"Mr. Haywood, I've had other companies courting me for a partnership, offering better rates. than the Haywood estate. And with all the recent scandals including Ms. Lillian's tarnished. reputation, your stock prices have taken a nosedive. It's hardly the opportune time for me to make an offer."
The trouble with public companies was that a little bit of bad press could ripple through the stock market.
1/2
14:13
Chapter 186
A major scandal could even cause a stock market crash.
Connor might have been nouveau riche, but he knew how to talk the talk. After so much back and forth, he still hadn't budged.
Losing Apex Dynamics to a competitor would be a massive blow to the Haywoods.
Robert had no choice but to play his trump card.
"I hear you've been on the lookout for a suitable marriage partner, Mr. Connor. What do you think about Brielle?"
A gleam of excitement sparked in Connor's eyes, Brielle's stunning visage flashing through his mind, his chubby cheeks flushing with excitement.
He had seen Brielle once before, and her beauty had left an indelible impression.
She might be a bit too demure for his taste, but that was no issue. Once she was in his grasp. he'd mold her into the perfect plaything.
Still marriage was business, and business meant negotiation.
He immediately pinpointed Brielle's flaws to drive the price down.
"Brielle, yes, I've seen the girl a few times-quite the looker. But word on the street is that her personal life is a bit messy."
Everyone knew Connor craved excitement and couldn't care less about a woman's past indiscretions, as long as she was disease-free. He was not one to turn down company.
His wealth enabled him to lavish gifts worth millions, and those women who had been with him turned up their noses at his looks while simultaneously clinging to the luxurious lifestyle he provided. Over the years, he had discarded countless playthings.
Robert's smile widened, "Brielle is very obedient and quite competent. She might even become a formidable ally for you, Mr. Connor."
Chapter 187
###Chapter 187
Chapter 187
Connor had long been smitten, and among the women he'd been with, none held a candle to
Brielle.
"Alright then, I'll cut three percent from my profits as a gift for Bri," he offered.
Three percent, that was a profit well into the millions, b
ut for Robert, this was far from sufficient. After all, Brielle was a powerhouse in her own right. certain to bring much more value to Apex Dynamics.
"Mr. Connor, Dorsey International's youngest director surely warrants more than what you suggest," he countered.
Connor cursed inwardly, calling Robert a sly old fox for selling out his own daughter.
It was a clear-cut transaction.
Connor was so captivated by Brielle's beauty that he clenched his jaw. "Five percent tops. Mr. Haywood. The word on the street is that Brielle isn't the Haywood's little girl anymore. Can you make decisions on her behalf? I don't think she's the type to just accept whatever comes her
way.
A shadow of malice flitted through Robert's eyes. The Haywood family had nurtured her for so long, and a little sacrifice was due.
"I have my ways," he said darkly.
He would have her tied to Tanner's bed if necessary.
Did Brielle really think she could sever ties with the Haywoods in public and escape everything? Her debt to the Haywood family was more than ten million dollars.
Robert's eyes darkened with resolve. He was determined to show Brielle that a woman without money or influence had no chance of making it in Beaconsfield.
To crush her would be as simple as stepping on an ant.
"Mr. Connor, just await the good news."
Connor's chubby face beamed with smiles. After exchanging pleasantries, Robert stood up to show his guest out.
Descending to the foyer, Connor's gaze fell on Lillian.
She was pretty in an innocent sort of way, but off-limits as a Haywood lady.
A fire lit in his abdomen as his mind drifted back to Brielle's face.
Brielle's allure trumped Lillian's, and her academic accolades promised an exotic encounter.
1/2
14:13
Chapter 187.
The mere thought had him burning with desire.
Lillian, seeing Connor's portly figure, greasy hair, and sparse balding scalp, was overjoyed.
This was Brielle's future husband, and it was perfect.
That bitch deserved no better.
Lillian was ecstatic, itching to broadcast to the world just how pathetic Brielle's future spouse
was.
Meanwhile, Brielle was unaware of the Haywoods' persistence as she entered Premier Palace.
The butler, Wesley, brightened at her arrival. "Ms. Brielle, have you had dinner? I'll have the kitchen prepare a light supper."
Having been at the hospital, Brielle hadn't eaten and shyly nodded her thanks.
Wesley's wrinkles deepened with his grin. "With Ms. Brielle here. Mr. Dorsey will surely come home tonight."
He hurriedly instructed the kitchen to prepare extra food, emphasizing a light meal, then gleefully went off to discuss the menu.
Brielle had no bedroom of her own at the Palace; she always stayed in Max's master suite.
So Patrick placed her luggage directly there. She wanted to protest but didn't want to seem prudish.
After all, everyone assumed her relationship with Max to be intimate.
She settled into the master suite, taking it in for the first time.
Everywhere, she sensed Max's presence, comforting and steady.
After supper and a bath, Brielle opened her laptop to work.
Elsewhere, Max hadn't been informed of Brielle's arrival at Premier Palace.
After a meal with the Dorseys, Michael offered him a room, but Max, frowning, declined.
He initially thought about returning to Premier Palace, but he felt stifled. In 'his heart, he thought, there was no one waiting for him at Premier Palace anyway. Whether he went back or not, it didn't matter.
Parking on the street, he felt a strange pang. Before Brielle, he never minded the solitude of the Palace.
Why did her absence now make it so uncomfortable?
His phone rang. It was Andrew, inviting him to a bar, mentioning Dustin wanted to
dentally" run into Little Canary at Dorsey International the next day.
Annoyed, Max replied coldly. "She won't be there."
###Chapter 188
14:13
Chapter 188
Sitting beside Andrew, Dustin's ears pricked up every time Andrew fondly mentioned "Little Canary," stirring a slight discomfort within him.
Max said that Brielle wouldn't go, and he took the phone back.
"Mr. Dorsey."
Loosening the buttons on his tailored suit, a smile danced on Dustin's lips. "I'm only in Beaconsfield for three days. Surely, Mr. Dorsey, you're not so petty as to hide your treasures?"
He pulled out a box of matches, specially crafted with tiny red heads and white bodies. With a single strike, a pale flame emerged.
Dustin often preferred matches to lighters; they seemed to hold more character.
Lighting one up, he touched the flame to his cigarette.
Max's expression turned frosty, his fingers playing absentmindedly with the beads on his wrist. "She's my little canary, and if I wish to keep her hidden, she stays hidden.
Dustin squinted his eyes. If it wasn't for Max personally saying such words, he would never believe that someone like Max would care about a woman like this.
He smiled. "Mr. Dorsey, if you're so intent on caging her, haven't you considered that your little canary might wish to fly out and explore? I happen to have a far more splendid cage at my place, yet to find its mistress."
The insinuation was clear: You may see her as a canary, but I could make her a queen.
The air tensed sharply, prompting even Andrew to frown in disapproval.
After a moment of silence, Max hung up the call.
Dustin handed the phone back to Andrew, quite satisfied. "Seems Mr. Dorsey won't be in the mood for a drink tonight."
Andrew's mouth twitched. "Are you seriously interested in her? Secondhand goods don't bother you?"
Andrew dismissed Brielle with contempt. "Fun for a fling, sure, but hardly Infinity Brilliance's First Lady material."
"Quite the contrary." Dustin replied, taking a sip of his drink. "Women aren't commodities to be labeled new or used. If she pleases me, it matters not who she's been with before. The body's. pleasures are easy to come by, but only this little canary can satisfy the soul."
Andrew set down his glass, his mood darkening. Unsure whether Dustin was joking or serious. he didn't appreciate the thought of someone poaching from his friend's territory.
Before he could speak, the room's door swung open, and in came Aubree.
1/3
14:13
Chapter 188
Aubree didn't expect company: this booth was usually Andrew's private spot.
Dustin caught her eye and gave her a roguish wink..
Andrew, watching from the side, gestured towards Dustin. "Aubree, why don't you sit next to Mr. Lynch?
Aubree remained silent for a long minute before slowly approaching Dustin.
Dustin, a hedonist at heart, wasted no time in pulling Aubree into his embrace.
"Miss Clements, sister to Andrew?"
Andrew's grip tightened around his glass, fighting an unwelcome twinge of discomfort, "Yes."
Dustin wasn't one to turn down an attractive company sent his way.
He lifted Aubree's chin, examining her striking features. Her luminous eyes drew him in.
Leaning in, he traced a path from her ear down her neck with his nose.
Aubree seethed, her hands clenching at her sides.
Unperturbed, Dustin grabbed a bottle, took a swig, then clasped Aubree's chin, feeding her mouth-to-mouth.
Choking and coughing, tears welled up in Aubree's eyes.
Dustin chuckled, pulling her closer. "You look much better flushed. Mr. Clements, how about she keeps me company tonight?" Andrew's expression shifted. He wanted to interject, but his phone rang-it was Tessa.
Irritated, he dismissed the matter, "Whatever you wish, Mr. Lynch."
He sounded indifferent, not sparing Aubree a glance, as if she were nothing but a disposable
item.
Aubree's gaze fell. Her heart had long ceased to feel pain. Loving Andrew, this was a process that had to be experienced.
Her eyes reddened, a struggle to break free brewing, but Dustin deliberately held her tight, his fingers teasing her waistline.
She held back anger until her phone rang. It was Brielle.
Grateful for Dustin's loosened grip, Aubree rushed out to the corridor, answering the call, "Bri?"
Brielle was almost falling asleep but the thought of a stranger invading her apartment made her stir. She hadn't had a chance to inform Aubree yet..
"Aubree. I..."
Before she could finish, Aubree's muffled sobs came through.
2/3
14:13
Chapter 188
Standing beside the ladies' room, Aubree slumped against the cool wall.
Brielle sprang from her bed, knowing only Andrew could distress Aubree so.
"Where are you? Send me your location. I'll come get you."
###Chapter 189
Chapter 189
Aubree felt a tightness in her chest that threatened to suffocate her. She couldn't utter a complete sentence, her tears streaming down her cheeks uncontrollably like a faulty faucet that wouldn't stop leaking. Brielle hastily got out of bed to change her clothes. As she was leaving, she bumped into Patrick, who inquired where she was headed.
"Tequila Sunset."
Patrick assumed she was going to pick up Max and a hint of joy flashed in his eyes as he handed her the car keys. "Ms. Brielle, here are the keys."
It didn't strike Brielle as odd, given Patrick had always been kind to her.
She took off in Max's usual ride, and no sooner had she left than Patrick was on the phone with Max. "Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Brielle's coming to pick you up tonight."
Meanwhile, Max had settled into a private booth at Te
Sunset. Usually, it was Patrick who
picked him up after a night of indulging, but now Patrick was saying what?
Brielle was coming to get him?
Max thought he must be hallucinating. If he remembered correctly, this would be the first time Brielle had ever picked someone up.
The frustration that had been simmering all evening lifted instantly, even making Dustin, who sat opposite him, seem more agreeable.
A smile played on Max's lips as he picked up a glass from the coffee table. "Mr. Lynch, your certainly move on quickly with your ladies." Just as he had finished expressing his interest in Brielle, he was now cozying up to Aubree.
Dustin didn't take it as a jibe; his reputation was well-known across North America.
Max was certainly aware of it.
"Mr. Dorsey seems to be in a much better mood. You looked pretty sour when you walked in. All because I have a genuine interest in your Little Canary? Mr. Dorsey, you should have the confidence to keep your talent close, especially since you're Max."
Even within the North American social circles, there were numerous women who desired to be with him intimately.
Unexpectedly though, Max didn't respond.
Tonight, Brielle mentioned ending things, which seemed she didn't care much for him.
He couldn't help but ponder whether one truly didn't know what they had until it was gone.
Maybe it was the couple of drinks he had, but a rush of frustration surged through him.
1/2
14:14
Chapter 189
Then, thinking that Brielle was coming to get him tonight, perhaps to apologize for her impulsive words earlier?
His mood began to settle once more.
As long as she took back what she said, he could pretend nothing had ever happened.
Brielle arrived quickly, spotting Aubree in the hallway.
Aubree was curled up in a corner, her eyes red-rimmed. On seeing Brielle, a mix of annoyance and relief crossed her face. "Bri."
She managed to call out, attempting to rise but her legs were numb and she nearly stumbled forward.
Brielle rushed to steady her, frowning with concern. "What happened?"
Aubree felt embarrassed, unable to disclose the truth.
Brielle grew angry. "Aubree, where's that spirit you used to encourage me with?"
Aubree's face turned pale, and after a long pause, she said self-deprecatingly, "If Max asked. you to accompany other men, would you go?" Brielle's pupils narrowed sharply, her voice a mix of shock and anger. "Who did Andrew want you to be with?"
Aubree just shook her head with a bitter smile. "He's quite handsome. Last name is Lynch."
Brielle's mind instantly conjured Dustin's face. Could it be that he was in Beaconsfield?
She pursed her lips, watching Aubree light a cigarette with practiced ease, and said earnestly. "Maybe you and Andrew should just call it quits."
"That's not an option, Bri. You'll understand when you're in my shoes. Some people you meet are just there to teach you a lesson."
Brielle couldn't grasp the depth of her words, but seeing her pale face, she took Aubree's arm. "Let me take you home first."
Aubree really didn't want to return to the booth, her eyes downcast. "Okay."
As Brielle escorted her out of the Tequila Sunset, Aubree's steps suddenly halted.
Outside the bar, a luxury car pulled up, its license plate displaying a string of identical numbers that Brielle didn't recognize
It wasn't until a delicate-looking woman stepped out that she realized who it was. The woman, looking frail and pitiful, gave off a stark contrast to Aubree's demeanor. Tessa was dressed simply, her makeup light.
As she passed by Brielle, she paused and frowned, "Brielle?"
###Chapter 190
Chapter 190
Having finished her piece, Tessa seemed to only then notice Aubree by her side, pursing her lips with impatience. "Is your brother around?"
Aubree was only spineless in Andrew's presence. Facing Tessa, she was much more composed. "You looking for him for something?"
Tessa nodded, and after a while, let out a light chuckle, "Whatever's going on between us should be none of your business, Aubree. You're not getting any younger. Shouldn't you be thinking about settling down soon? I've heard the Clements family has been nudging you for a while now?"
After saying her piece, Tessa turned to Brielle, "I've heard your name tossed around before, and now we finally meet. Brielle, you better pray you've got nothing to do with what happened to Sophia, otherwise, the and family won't let you off the hook."
Tessa was in a foul mood over Sophia's disappearance.
And facing people she loathed, she couldn't bother with pretenses and went straight for the jugular.
"Plus, you've made the headlines again tonight. Photos of you and Spencer are all over the place. Spencer's been saying you've been begging him to get back together."
Brielle frowned at this. "What photos?"
No sooner had she asked than she remembered the snaps taken by the paparazzi earlier that day, and her face went pale. Tessa's lips curled slightly at the sight of Brielle's reaction. "Seems like you know exactly which photos I'm talking about." Brielle felt sick to her stomach, appalled that Spencer could stoop so low.
Her chest heave emotion, but her face betrayed nothing. "Whatever's going on between
us should be none of your business," she retorted, using Tessa's own words against her.
A thin veil of anger passed over Tessa's eyes as she let out a scoff and made her way inside. Brielle watched her leave, then turned to Aubree, "Are she and Sophia really that close?" "Seems like it."
Then Brielle thought about the break-in at her apartment but decided not to mention it, not wanting to worry anyone.
She helped Aubree to the car, and Aubree raised an eyebrow upon seeing it, "Max's ride?"
Max allowed someone else to touch his stuff?
Aubree had given up on trying to convince Brielle earlier, but now seeing Max's apparent
14:14
Chapter 190
special treatment, her resolve strengthened.
"Bri, why not try to win Max over?"
To Aubree, Brielle had a unique charm-beautiful without knowing it.
Perhaps that was exactly Max's type.
Brielle had already hit the gas as she thought about the Barnes family meeting at the Dorsey family's mansion tonight, her mouth twitching slightly, "The Barnes family's over at the Dorsey place tonight to talk marriage. Wonder when they plan to set the date."
Aubree reclined in the passenger's seat, her head tilting back at the mention, "Alivia, huh? I hear she's tight with Tessa too."
Just as they were about to drive off, Aubree's phone rang. It was Andrew.
She didn't want to answer, closing her eyes and even softening her breathing.
Brielle didn't rush to drive off; after a while, she heard Aubree pick up.
Andrew's voice came through, asking where she was.
"I'm not going back to the booth. Planning on heading home."
"Aubree, did I say you could leave?"
Andrew's tone was nasty. He was nursing a glass of booze, annoyed at the thought of Aubree sharing mouth-to-mouth drinks with someone else. "Mr. Lynch is still waiting for his night of delight with you." Aubree's face went pale at once, her grip on the phone tightening, "Andrew, do you really have to do this?"
Andrew chuckled darkly, lighting a cigarette, "Maybe this is what you're looking forward to, huh? After being in my bed for so long, we're both tired of it. Trying someone new might be nice."
It felt like a sword through her chest.
"Aubree, or is it that you just love sleeping with me?"
Andrew took a drag of his cigarette, his attitude as contemptuous as ever.
He had stepped out of the booth and was now casually leaning against a wall. His shirt was unbuttoned, revealing a muscular chest, giving off a wild vibe
Andrew sneered, his mind wandering back to the last time in the restroom of the booth, when she clung to him like a boneless vine.
Over the years, Aubree had always been at his beck and call, occasionally temperamental, but mostly docile to his demands
He was indeed getting tired of her.
###Chapter 191
Chapter 191
"Aubree, you know, Mr. Lynch is actually a pretty good catch," said the voice at the other end of the line. "If you're interested, the Clements family and the Lynch family could probably still make this marriage happen. Mr. Lynch has said he doesn't care how many guys a woman has been with, and well, certain things can be 'restored,' if you know what I mean."
Aubree listened quietly, her fingers gripping her cell phone turning white from the pressure. It took her a while to hang up. "Bri, let's hit the road."
Brielle hadn't heard the conversation on speakerphone and was unaware of what had been discussed.
She started the car and drove e off.
When they arrived at Aubree's place, Brielle intended to walk her up to her apartment, but Aubree was rubbing her temples.
Brielle sensed her desire to be alone and didn't step out of the car. "I remember you mentioned wanting a job, right? Maybe give it a shot? It could take your mind off Andrew for a while."
She revved the engine, her expression neutral. "Besides, if Andrew really ties the knot with Tessa, or if they have kids, are you going to keep this thing going with him? If the Clements clan finds out, what's your plan? Tiffanie told me that in Beaconsfield, there are two women you don't mess with: Alivia and Tessa. If Tessa goes all out to give Andrew a child, he'll probably treasure her to no end, and you'll be left feeling even worse."
Everyone in Beaconsfield knew about Tessa's frail health; nobody thought she could handle childbirth.
But Brielle had a hunch that Tessa was the type to go all-in.
Right now, she was oblivious to the crisis, but once she sensed Andrew hooked up with another woman, her quickest solution would be to cling to her broken body and give Andrew a child, binding him to her for life.
And Aubree? She was just a catalyst in this scenario.
After her candid talk, Brielle drove away.
Meanwhile, Tessa had arrived in the hallway and immediately spotted the man leaning against the wall, smoking. "Andrew."
Hearing the sound of high heels, Andrew thought it was Aubree returning. When he looked up and saw Tessa, he quickly stubbed out his cigarette. "What's up?"
Tessa rarely attended parties, let alone visited places like this, which made Andrew somewhat panicked.
He didn't want to agitate her with the smell of smoke. "Wait here. I'll just tell Max and Mr. Lynch, then I'll take you home."
Chapter 191
Tessa was thin, her hand slipping onto his arm. "I took some medicine before coming out. I'm fine. I just ran into Aubree at the entrance, with Spencer's ex-fiancée. Andrew, you might want to tell your sister to avoid such questionable company."
Sophia had told her about Brielle's scandalous private life.
Plus, Brielle had once conned Andrew out of a hefty sum, a grudge Tessa held as if the money
were her own.
She spoke hastily and then, realizing the urgency in her voice, coughed a few times and leaned closer to Andrew.
"And Aubree's not getting any younger. I heard the Clements family was looking for a suitable match for her years ago. Why is there still no news?"
Tessa had always been irked by Aubree's status, especially since she wasn't Andrew's biological sister. The mere thought of a spark between them was revolting.
Andrew held her gently. "This place isn't suitable for you. We can talk more at home. And tonight, I introduced Aubree to a guy, Mr. Lynch from Infinity Brilliance. You know them, right?"
Of course, Tessa knew about Infinity Brilliance, the leading name in diamonds. She thought she wanted Aubree to get married, but when she heard the groom-to-be was the young CEO of such a prominent company, she felt incredibly uneasy. It turned out she was just jealous of Aubree's beauty and health.
She didn't want Aubree to have it too good.
Her face paled. "Really? Let me go in and meet your friends then."
It was the first time Tessa had asked to meet his friends, and Andrew couldn't refuse.
As he escorted Tessa into the booth, Max and Dustin remained as before, silently sipping their drinks. The atmosphere wasn't awkward; it was just a bit eerie.
Tessa hadn't expected Max to be there. Everyone in the social circles of Beaconsfield knew him. She faltered momentarily, then nodded politely.
Her gaze moved to Dustin and she realized that his good looks were on par with Max's, though their auras were entirely different.
Dustin appeared to be a playboy, with his flirtatious eyes and thin lips.
Noticing Aubree hadn't entered, he quirked an eyebrow. "Mr. Clements, did your sister bolt?"
###Chapter 192
Chapter 192
Tessa knew the conversation was about Aubree, and it seemed Andrew hadn't lied. He really had set Aubree up with someone.
She let out a sigh of relief. It looked like there was nothing between Andrew and Aubree after
all.
But did Aubree really match up to the CEO of Infinity Brilliance?
She snickered inwardly, took a seat next to Andrew, and spoke for him, "She did leave early, went out with a friend."
"A friend?"
Dustin's interest piqued, recalling the phone call Aubree had made. Could it have been Brielle?
Dustin's reason for prodding Max tonight was because he'd learned Brielle's real name. He'd been duped badly before, and it wasn't until he met with Andrew back home that he found out the little canary had given him a fake name..
She really had no conscience. Didn't they both gossip about Max when they were abroad?
"Yeah, her name is Brielle. I don't think Mr. Lynch would know her."
"How could I not know her? Brielle and I have had quite delightful conversations."
He deliberately emphasized "delightful conversations," then watched for Max's reaction.
The man's face darkened, not at him, but turning to Tessa. "You said Aubree left with Brielle?"
His tone seemed normal at first, but his lips were tightly pursed.
Brielle wasn't here for him? But for Aubree?
The air in the booth felt stifling to him.
Tessa hadn't expected Max to speak with her, and it seemed he was asking about Brielle?
"Yeah."
She leaned towards Andrew, whispering a question only they could hear, "What's the deal with Brielle and Max?"
Andrew was almost instinctively going to deny it, since no one yet knew about their relationship. If word got to Michael, no one would be in for a good time.
But before he could speak, Dustin stood up, raising his glass. "Mr. Dorsey, I'd like to invite Brielle over to Infinity Brilliance for a tour, business-related, of course. You wouldn't , would you?"
A smile played on his lips, his eyes shimmering, but Max remained unflinching, "Dorsey International has no plans to collaborate with Infinity Brilliance at this time."
1/2
14:15
Chapter 192
"Mr. Dorsey, she's just an employee. Why the fuss?"
Dustin leaned in, pouring Max a drink, his demeanor momentarily submissive. "Brielle won't be at a loss with me. All stores under Infinity Brilliance will be free for her, as long as she accompanies me on a trip abroad. How about that?"
Max's grip tightened on his glass, tempted to splash the contents over Dustin's grinning face.
He began to wonder if he'd been too stingy with Brielle.
He'd offered a card before, but Brielle hadn't accepted it. So far, it seemed he hadn't provided. any tangible benefits.
Even Dustin was offering all stores for free right off the bat, making him feel one-upped.
A competitive edge rose within him, and he looked up at Dustin, "Brielle has more important tasks at hand. Mr. Lynch, if you want to please someone, perhaps you should consider how to help her land this deal. What do you think?"
Dustin's eyes narrowed, thinking Max was quite cunning.
Brielle was working for Dorsey International, negotiating deals for them. If he helped Brielle. wouldn't that indirectly benefit Dorsey International?
He failed to wedge himself into the situation but managed to make Max a profit.
Capitalists and their tricks...
The corners of Max's mouth curved into a smile as he stood, "It's getting late. I'll head out. Mr. Lynch, if you make up your mind, feel free to visit Dorsey International anytime."
The trap was set right before Dustin's eyes - whether he jumped or not was entirely up to him.
###Chapter 193
Chapter 193
Dustin sat down in frustration, furrowing his brows tightly. He heard a soft, delicate voice from beside him, "Mr. Lynch, you and Brielle..."
Tessa couldn't help but succumb to another coughing fit, her cheeks flushing with the effort.
Dustin raised an eyebrow and let out a lazy grin, stretching his legs onto the coffee table. "Brielle? Brielle just makes me feel familiar. It's Aubree I'm really into. Eve got the whole scene planned out in my head. Just the other day, I had a brief chat with Brielle about art. She seemed to dig my vibe. Wonder if Aubree would feel the same.
His words left nothing to the imagination. Tessa frowned. So, Brielle had snagged another one on her overseas escapades. She hated to admit it, but Brielle was a looker. Such a shame, though, just another woman men played with.
Dustin stood up, his gaze sweeping past Andrew with a smirk. "Mr. Clements is one lucky guy. having such a pretty sister and an attractive fiancée."
Tessa felt a pang of discomfort. She and Aubree were nothing alike. If it hadn't been for Aubree's stroke of luck, being taken in by the Clements family as a foster child, she wouldn't have been in Andrew's league at all.
But to Andrew, Dustin's words seemed to hint that he knew about his relationship with Aubree. He chuckled. "Mr. Lynch, didn't you just say you didn't mind used goods?"
Dustin's brow furrowed. He always knew he played the field, but Andrew seemed even less principled, blatantly so.
Instantly, he lost interest in Aubree. She would never forget Andrew, and he disliked the thought of a woman's heart occupied by another while in his bed. Romance and love are nothing compared to the direct pleasure of the body. He never bothered with them.
And Brielle, she had always felt familiar. They got along well. She wasn't like the others. He didn't want her to stumble over such trivial matters.
Besides, Brielle and Max? That was going nowhere fast. Ignoring Max's obvious cluelessness in the matter, Michael was a huge obstacle in itself. Maybe once they split, he could swoop in and score some points with Brielle.
Dustin chuckled to himself, deciding not to fall into the pit Max had dug. "I really don't mind, but Mr. Clements, are you sure she'd be willing to keep me company?"
"Just send me your room number, and I'll pass it to Aubree. Whether she comes or not is up to her."
Dustin averted his gaze, picking up his coat from nearby. "No need. I'm not one to coerce. These kinds of things are best when they're mutual."
He stepped out of Tequila Sunset, lighting a cigarette, and slid into his car that had been waiting.
1/2
14:15
Chapter 195
Nearby stood Max.
Dustin couldn't help but smirk as he drove up. "Mr. Dorsey, a man of your stature without a lift? Need a ride?"
It was a deliberate taunt. "Just remembered, my destination and your Premier Palace aren't on the way. Never mind, then. Is the designated driver Mr. Dorsey called on the way? Take your time. I'll be off." Dustin may have been the first to mock Max to his face. As he finished, another car pulled up. its window rolling down to reveal Brielle's face. It was a surprise to both men.
Hadn't she left with Aubree?
Why had she come back?
Brielle honked twice, poking her head out.
Max's stoic features softened with a smile, like a flickering candle in the night. He glanced at Dustin. "No need for your trouble, Mr. Lynch. My ride's here. Until next time." Fuming, Dustin rolled down his window, intending to exchange a few words with Brielle, but Max had already shut himself in the car, preventing her from seeing him. Clutching the steering wheel, Dustin couldn't fathom why Brielle would entangle herself with such a man.
Unaware of Dustin's presence, Brielle saw Max get into the car and gently reached to fasten his
Seatbelt.
Max's eyes were half-closed, his Adam's apple prominent as he leaned back. As Brielle pulled The seatbelt across, she heard him ask, "Weren't we
supposed to call it quits?" His tone was Indifferent, as if the night's frustration had belonged to someone else.
###Chapter 194
Chapter 194
Brielle knew he was angry, so she quickly fastened her seatbelt securely. "It's the pain talking. nonsense, that's all."
Max had a bit of booze tonight, a subtle scent of whiskey lingering about him, and after Dustin got under his skin, he felt the rush of blood making the buzz hit harder. At her words, he just arched an eyebrow slightly.
Gripping the steering wheel Brielle wanted to say something more, to sort of patch things up, but then Max's phone started to ring. He didn't respond, closing his eyes with a cold and indifferent expression. "Mr. Dorsey, your phone's ringing." Brielle reminded, breaking the icy silence.
Max's eyelashes fluttered as he took out his phone and pressed the answer button.
Brielle couldn't make out what was said on the other end, but Max's face turned to stone, and the air seemed to freeze over even more. She felt like she might get frostbite, her lips involuntarily starting to quiver.
She heard Max let out a sardonic chuckle. "He can't sit still, can he?" The sarcasm was thick in
his voice.
Just as Brielle was about to take a turn, she saw him end the call, his voice cold as ice. "Forget Premier Palace. Head to the hotel." Brielle was taken aback, unclear about what had just happened, but then she heard herself ask, "You went to the police station?"
She hadn't planned to bring it up, just mentioned postponing her business trip. Now, with him asking, she simply nodded. "Yeah, ran into some trouble."
"What kind of trouble?"
"Got a threatening text, and someone broke into my place. The cops were all around my apartment, but I don't dare stay there alone right now. Thankfully. Patrick's waiting for me downstairs."
followed by the break-in-she couldn't for the life of her piece it all together. Aside from their past grievances, there didn't seem to be any entanglement between her and Sophia. So what was the game plan of the person behind all this?
First Sophia's disappearance, then the threatening message
"Next time something like this happens, tell me earlier."
There was warmth in Brielle's heart. "Sure, which hotel?"
Before she could finish, she noticed in the rearview mirror some flashes of light. Her brow
14:15
Chapter 194
furrowed-were they being followed?
Max noticed too, a slight smirk playing on his lips, "Someone's well-prepared."
Brielle didn't grasp his meaning but played along, "So, we're still heading to the hotel?"
Max rubbed his forehead, "I'll have to swing back to Premier Palace later. Can't let the show go
on without me."
Brielle frowned, "What's going on?"
"William's probably caught wind of our connection."
Brielle tensed up. She always knew William was no simple character, but how had he found out about this? Even Spencer was in the dark.
Her confusion deepened, but then she heard Max, "I'll have some people keep an eye on you. Stay vigilant these days."
Was she getting entangled in the Dorsey family feud?
"What did William do?"
"My father's waiting at Premier Palace right now."
It clicked for Brielle. If they went to Premier Palace now, it would be walking right into a trap. But how would William know she'd be heading back there tonight, especially this late? And for what reason would Michael join him in this night-time escapade?
This was Dorsey family drama, and Brielle didn't want to pry further. "I'll just go to the hotel.
then."
"I'll take you to a hotel under Dorsey International. I've got a suite there, and you'll be well looked after."
It was the first time Brielle truly sensed the internal strife of Dorsey International, and she wanted no part in it. If William really knew about her entanglement with Max, she feared her days ahead would be anything but calm.
Max personally dropped her off at the hotel, and just before he left, he suddenly turned to ask. "What's the deal with the photos of you and Spencer?"
###Chapter 195
Chapter 195
Photos? It must've been the photos that got out.
Brielle's scalp tingled with irritation, desperate to know the extent of their circulation.
Max lingered at the door, pinching the hotel keycard between his fingers, uncertain of Brielle's stance towards Spencer. They were childhood sweethearts, always together, and though the engagement was broken off decisively, such intimate photos wouldn't have leaked unless she gave Spencer a chance to be caught in the act. A chill spread through his heart. "If you need anything, just call the front desk." Brielle was at a loss for words. After he left, she glanced at her phone. Someone had sent her those photos, captured perfectly by the camera. Had she not been one of the subjects, she might have believed they were in a passionate embrace. She trembled with anger, and just then, Miranda's call came through.
"Brielle! Didn't you break off your engagement with Spencer? And here you are, playing us all for fools, I must say you're quite the actress."
Brielle hung up almost instantly, regretting her mishap with the answer button.
Cameron's message followed, equally confrontational. [You ended things with Spencer publicly. and privately you jump into his bed. I knew you had a wild side, but I didn't think you'd be so keen on being the other woman. Brielle, have you completely tossed aside all the etiquette and values taught by the Haywood family over the years?]
What upbringing did the Haywoods ever have?
Brielle found it laughable. She decided to block all the Haywoods' contacts. Out of sight, out of
mind.
What she didn't expect was for Spencer to have the gall to reach out, asking to meet her. Seeing him now just irked her. Her brows furrowed, she tossed her phone aside, ignoring
everyone.
But Spencer was in no hurry. With the photos out, there were bound to be rumors, and the story of their broken engagement became even more tangled.
Spencer set down his phone, catching Faith's suspicious gaze with a slight smirk. Faith felt conflicted seeing such photos, especially after the recent video scandal involving her son and Lillian. "Spencer, who took this pictures?"
Spencer had no intention of admitting it was a setup. "Who else but Brielle? She regrets. breaking off the engagement, always had feelings for me."
Faith was torn between relief and worry. Brielle was preferable to Lillian, but Faith didn't like her temperament. "She has feelings for you? She released this photos on purpose?"
It didn't make sense, since Brielle had been so composed during the breakup.
10
14:16
Impatience flashed across Spencer's face as he stood up, "Women are fickle, mom. She released that video of me and Lillian to get my attention. Please do not meddle in my affairs. Faith felt a pang of discomfort.
After Spencer left the Dorseys', he received a call from his uncle William, a rare occurrence throughout the years at the Dorsey family.
"Spencer, what's this fuss about you and Brielle?"
Spencer frowned, why was everyone so concerned about him and Brielle? "She's trying to get back together with me.
William went quiet for a moment, his annoyance palpable, "Really? I've heard Brielle's got another man on the side."
"Uncle William, those are just rumors."
William's expression darkened, and before him knelt a haggard woman, bound and gagged, unable to speak. Her eyes were wide with terror, looking fearfully at the man before her. This woman was Sophia.
Sophia trembled all over, devoid of her former defiance, wishing she could bury her face in the ground. Her body bore lash marks and signs of abuse. William knew how to utterly destroy a
woman.
###Chapter 196
Chapter 196
Sophia shivered uncontrollably, her mind replaying the scene that unfolded before her eyes at the Haywood family's floral wall.
Earlier, after Lillian had spilled the beans about Aubree and Andrew's sordid affair, Sophia was fuming with rage, her mind and heart filled with the fiery desire to confront Aubree, and expose their filthy relationship in front of everyone-avenging Tessa in the process.
But as she searched the grand Haywood family soiree, Aubree was nowhere to be found. Instead, by the floral wall, she stumbled upon Max pressing Brielle against the wall, their kiss deep with passion. Sophia felt as if lightning had struck her, freezing her in place. Then she heard Spencer's voice. He was looking for Brielle. In the next moment, Max slipped off his jacket, draping it over Brielle as they continued their kissing.
Sophia was engulfed in shock and fear, for she had glimpsed Max's secret. In a panicked reflex, she snapped a photo, her original intent to find Aubree forgotten as she stumbled along the Haywood estate's cobblestone path, only to collide with several men, her phone clattering to the ground.
The photo she took was not clear, and one could only vaguely make out a couple kissing. However, anyone familiar with the attire of Brielle and Max would recognize them.
Before she knew it, she was standing before William. Sophia had met William a few times. before and had only seen him as a very patient elder.
As he toyed with her phone, he asked her pointed questions.
"First question, who's in this photo?"
Sophia wasn't a fool. She could not speak the truth. If Max found out she had leaked his secret. would she have any chance of survival? She had taken the photo out of sheer reflex, never intending to share it with anyone..
William was in no rush, as he let his bodyguards bring in a vagrant to violate her. Amidst the insults and threats, her sanity crumbled.
Now, in William's presence, Sophia had lost all will to resist, wishing instead to cower at his feet like a dog. She knew she had a problem, probably suffering from Stockholm Syndrome, where the victim develops a psychological dependence on the perpetrator and unquestioningly follows their commands.
She shook uncontrollably until the gag was removed from her mouth. William tapped her cheek with the phone. "So, you're saying the people in this photo are Brielle and Max?"
Sophia nodded frantically. "Yes, yes. I saw it with my own eyes."
"If only I could pluck those eyes out," he said with a feigned regret. "The photo's too blurry. Even if it reached the old man's hands, he wouldn't believe it."
1/2
14:16
Chapter 196
Sophia's head hung low, dripping blood onto the floor.
"I'll let you go." William proposed, "Find a way to get close to Brielle and snap a clearer picture, alright?"
Sophia recoiled, then nodded, "Yes, I'll get you a better picture."
William smirked, lifting her chin. "Remember, all this is because of Brielle. You should be happy to bring her down, right?"
A flicker of resentment flashed in Sophia's eyes as she nodded, "Yes, I wish she were dead."
William was satisfied, "Good to know. It's not a waste to have had you 'trained. Go on, if you complete your task, I promise to leave Brielle to your mercy."
Sophia's eyes lit up. She now fully believed William and redirected all her resentment toward Brielle. She must make Brielle suffer as she had!
William chuckled. If this woman weren't still useful, he wouldn't keep her around. He had inadvertently tipped off Max, who must have sensed something was amiss.
The photo had already reached Michael, and William had laid the groundwork, yet Michael had gone straight to Premier Palace instead of summoning Max to the family's mansion.
The implications were significant. Being called to the mansion for mistakes signaled the beginning of lost trust, but Michael's choice to lie in wait at Premier Palace suggested his tolerance for Max was far greater than for others.
William sneered. Years of patience nearly unraveled, but thankfully Max had no concrete evidence, perhaps only suspecting William's machinations.
He gazed down, fingering a pair of beads, as the door behind him swung open. A young man. appeared, "Dad, are you finished?"
William nodded, motioning for Sophia to be unbound. The young man approached her. "Sophia, let me escort you out."
Sophia shrank back, nodding in a fluster. They were not worried about Sophia speaking out. She didn't dare, nor did she want to.
###Chapter 197
Chapter 197
Inside the grand halls of Premier Palace, Max strode into the living room, his blazer casually draped over his elbow.
The butler took his belongings and hung them on the nearby coat rack.
Michael sat upright on the sofa, his piercing gaze settling on Max, "Why are you home so late?" Max slipped off his cufflinks, tossing them carelessly to the butler, and made his way to the couch, "Had a few drinks with Andrew."
The scent of liquor clung to him, and on the coffee table lay several photographs-the very ones. William had been holding,
Max wasn't in a rush. He picked up the photos, studied them for a moment before commenting. "Not a bad shot." "Ridiculous!"
The sharpness in that single word sent the servants scurrying out of the room, heads lowered and faces flushed with panic.
"Is that Brielle in these pictures?"
Max chuckled and took a seat, "What makes you think that's Brielle?"
Michael wasn't so sure now, especially seeing Max's composed demeanor, his brow furrowed with concern. "Then who is it? If these pictures get to the Barnes family, what are you going to tell Jose, Max? Don't go down the same path as your brother. I don't care about his escapades, but you don't have that liberty."
"Your future wife is Alivia, and she's set her heart on you. The Barnes family and the Dorsey family are practically announcing the engagement. We've all but said it out loud. You know what I mean?" Realizing the woman in the photos wasn't Brielle, Michael's tone softened.
"Max, your mother-" He sighed deeply, "Her health hasn't been good, and she hopes you'll settle down soon. Alivia calls her every month. I don't want any trouble between you two."
The Dorsey family situation was complex. Max, the youngest son, didn't share a mother with his siblings. In Michael's era, the laws still allowed for multiple wives, following old traditions. Max's mother was the last lawful wife, but she never stayed in the mansion, instead, she was abroad receiving treatment for an illness, in a facility not far from Alivia's research institute.
Michael had been a playboy all his life, but he had poured all his affection into this last wife. Even Max, her son, was his pride and joy. Unfortunately, after Max's birth, she fell ill and her mental state was never the same.
"Father, I have always arranged for someone to take care of mother, and as for the woman in
1/2
14:16
Chapter 197
the photos, even if it were Brielle, so what?"
Max had always been decisive, and even if he hadn't been born into the Dorsey family, he
believed he could have climbed into the elite circles on his own merit. No one could sway his decisions.
Michael's chest tightened at his words, only Max had the audacity to speak to him like that, and yet he couldn't argue.
Even if it were Brielle, what then? What did he mean by that?
Michael was harsh to everyone else in the Dorsey family but dared not press too hard on his youngest son.
Now Max controlled fifty-one percent of Dorsey International's shares and had accumulated a vast amount of foreign capital over the years. Aside from Dorsey International's assets. whether he owned other companies was unknown. Michael had used Dorsey International to pressure Everett but never dared use it against Max.
He felt a metaphorical blow to the head and was silent for a long time.
Max, however, poured him a cup of water, "Father, have some water."
Michael shivered with anger, and after a while, he clenched his teeth, "So, it is you in those pictures, with Brielle? When did you..."
Max laughed softly, "What I said was, even if it were Brielle, so what? I have the right to choose my wife, don't I? Until I find someone I like, it doesn't matter who I marry. But if I do find someone I like, then she's the only one for me."
The old man took a deep breath, annoyed, and took the tea, "You truly want to be the death of
ne."
le took a few sips to cool off and ventured. "So, do you have someone you like now?"
Max paused, a crease forming between his brows, "I don't know what liking someone means."
###Chapter 198
Chapter 198
Hearing that response, Michael's worries dissipated, and his gaze drifted to the coffee table. "I've no idea who took this picture, but looking closely, the person in it doesn't even look like
you."
The scene was too blurry, and there wasn't a single clear shot of a face, so it could be anyone. But that anonymous text had planted the seed in his mind that it was Max and Brielle, so the more he looked, the more he saw the resemblance.
Now, with Max's answer, Michael was fully at ease, he chuckled and patted him on the shoulder.
"Better not to know. Just go ahead and marry Alivia. You're young. You'll understand in time."
Max stared at the crystal-clear liquid in Michael's cup, his lips lightly pursed, "Next time there's a photo like this, you don't need to worry. I don't want to end up like Victoria."
Everyone in the Dorsey clan knew how tough Michael had been on Everett. So controlling that he even dictated how often they should have sex each month, and if Victoria ever missed her 'quota', she'd come running to Michael, tears in her eyes, to complain.
"Ha, just make sure you don't end up embarrassing yourself like Victoria did. I can understand her getting caught up in love. She's a woman after all, but Dorsey men can't allow that to sway them. Look at your older brothers, and that young buck Spencer. Dorsey men are not known to
be fools in love."
Even Michael himself had had his fair share of women, but in his eyes, very few were worth having children with. It was only when he met Max's mother that he truly settled down.
Max absentmindedly twirled his rosary, a gesture that made Michael wave it off, "Let's put an end to tonight's drama. Whoever set this up, we're not pursuing it further."
Max raised an eyebrow and chuckled lightly. "Looks like Dad's got the picture."
After all, the old man had been through wars and storms, how could he not see through these
tactics?
Once he left, Max sat alone on the sofa, a frown creasing his forehead, his fingers absently tracing the rim of his cup.
The butler, Wesley, peeked out from the kitchen and approached him, "Sir, if you're feeling down, shall I invite Ms. Brielle over?"
"No need."
Max's tone was flat, his mind obviously on the photograph.
Wesley didn't want to intrude too much, sensing there might be a misunderstanding between the two. He had heard the conversation between Max and Michael. Although Max hadn't admitted it, he had made his stance clear: even if that woman in the photo turned out to be
1/2
14:16
Chapter 198
Brielle, he would stand by her, refusing to allow her to walk Everett's tragic path.
In a way, it was a preemptive strike.
From the night Max brought Brielle home, Wesley sensed she could be the future mistress of the house, and so he always treated her with respect.
He cleared his throat, "I heard Ms. Brielle just got out of the hospital. I'll have the kitchen prepare some soup to send over."
Max didn't verbally .
Amused, Wesley instructed the kitchen to start the soup in the wee hours.
Max returned to his study, where Patrick presented his findings. "Mr. Dorsey, it turns out William's men were also responsible for the incident at Ms. Brielle's apartment."
William's move was well calculated, first confining Sophia to break her will, then staging a burglary at Brielle's place to make her afraid to stay home. If anything happened between her and Max, she'd naturally seek refuge with her lover.
And if Michael saw the photo and called Max to the mansion, it would be a death sentence for Brielle-a no-win situation for the little fish in a big pond.
Max took the blurry photo, examined it briefly, and as he slid it into a drawer, he remarked, "His son just got back from abroad. He wants a spot at Dorsey International, right? Block his entry. Secure that executive position for Brielle."
"Right. Ms. Brielle's staying at a hotel tonight. Should I pick her up?"
Max felt irked, why did everyone keep bringing up Brielle? Compared to the photos of Brielle with Spencer, this one was tame, and Brielle had even admitted to having feelings for Spencer before. He felt an inexplicable annoyance.
"No need."
Perhaps this relationship would be over sooner rather than later.
###Chapter 199
Chapter 199
Brielle only found out the next day that Sophia had returned home.
The news came from a direct call from the police station. They had sent an officer to speak with Sophia that morning, hoping to glean some information about the kidnappers, but Sophia wasn't giving up anything. She insisted she was just out playing.
However, the text message Brielle received told a different story. It warned her she was next.
The text was real. Sophia was lying. However, she was a victim, and with the clout of the Rowland family behind her, the police couldn't press too hard. They just advised Brielle to stay
alert.
Glancing at the number that sent the threatening message. Brielle noticed there were no new
texts.
A knock at the door interrupted her thoughts, and she put away her phone to answer it. Standing there was Wesley. He held out a steaming pot of chicken soup. "Ms. Brielle, I had the kitchen whip this up for you. I heard you're fresh out of the hospital. Feeling any better?"
Touched by the gesture, Brielle quickly took the pot, "Thanks a lot."
Wesley offered a warm smile. "Mr. Dorsey asked for it to be made. He's still quite concerned about you."
Feeling somewhat awkward, Brielle knew Wesley had misunderstood something from the start. but she wasn't comfortable correcting him. To Max, she was just a woman he kept around. This relationship could end at any moment.
"Did he have a good night? I heard Michael was at Premier Palace?"
She had dark circles under her eyes, having spent a sleepless night worrying after hearing that Michael was at the Premier Palace.
She had considered countless possibilities, such as Michael showing up early in the morning and handing her a card, asking her to stay away from Max. But then she thought, with her current awkward situation, was it worth Michael's intervention? She couldn't help but feel amused.
"Mr. Michael was at Premier Palace indeed. But I'm not privy to what they discussed."
"Did they get into a fight?"
"Mr. Dorsey never argues with anyone."
Really? He seemed pretty quick to anger around her. She felt her face flush with embarrassment. Wesley's blunt advice followed, "If there's a misunderstanding with Mr. Dorsey, Best clear it up
soon.
1/2
14:16
Chapter 199
"Right, thanks for the heads-up."
After Wesley left, Brielle sipped from the pot of soup, her mind heavy with thoughts. She decided to make a trip to Dorsey International. She wanted to see what William's next move
would be.
But what she didn't expect was to find a large bouquet of red roses on her desk upon entering her office. Frowning, she asked her colleagues. "Is this a mistake? Were these meant for someone else?" One of them replied with a hint of envy. "They came first thing in the morning, addressed to
you."
Brielle had barely sat down when her phone pinged with a text from an unknown number.
[Do you like them?]
[Who is this?]
[If you like them, that's all that matters.]
Brielle's frown deepened. Could it be Spencer? But knowing Spencer, if he'd sent them, he'd have signed his name boldly, just to make sure she knew.
Was it Max?
The thought made Brielle scoff at herself. Max would never send her such a thing in this lifetime. She asked someone to remove the roses and went about her day.
She was notified that there was a meeting upstairs and grabbed the necessary files. As she entered the elevator, she bumped into William, who was also on his way to the meeting.
Dressed in a crisp gray suit, William's smile was genteel, but it sent a shiver down Brielle's spine. She wanted to escape the elevator but feared showing her anxiety, so she reluctantly pressed the close button instead.
"Brielle, weren't you supposed to head overseas to handle some business?"
Her smile strained, she replied, "Ran into a bit of trouble, it's been postponed."
"I heard Noah's been in talks with Alivia. How's that going?"
"That's a question for Mr. Noah." She kept it professional, hoping the elevator would speed up.
"Alivia's involvement should guarantee success. She's been waiting for Max for years,
frequently caring for his mother. You haven't met Max's mother yet, have you?"
###Chapter 200
Chapter 200
The words struck Brielle like a needle, piercing deep into the core of her heart. Yet she didn't show a flicker of emotion on her face, even daring to look up and meet his gaze head-on.
"Spencer's treatment of me over the years is no secret, Mr. William. You of all people should be well aware. My connection to him was nothing more than a broken engagement. I never had the privilege of meeting Max's mother. As for Mr. Dorsey and Alivia, they're a match made in heaven, aren't they? A perfect pair if ever there was one."
She was so focused on her words that she didn't even notice the elevator doors opening. Max and several executives stood there, having caught every word she said.
William raised an eyebrow, glancing behind Brielle with a smirk. "So, Brielle, you're here to congratulate Max and Alivia too? Perfect, you can tell Max yourself."
A chill seemed to creep up from behind her, cold enough to seep into her very bones. She turned around and, sure enough, there was Max, his face impassive as if her words hadn't touched him at all.
It was the executive elevator. Running into them was to be expected.
Brielle's heart skipped a beat, and she instinctively avoided meeting his gaze. The other executives seemed oblivious to the tense atmosphere. The head of Human Resources quickly interjected to smooth things over, "Ms. Haywood, the meeting's been moved downstairs."
Brielle's hand at her side twitched slightly. "Alright," she whispered.
Standing to the side, her heart pounding, she heard William chatting with Max, but Max was always a man of few words, hardly ever responding with more than two.
The meeting room had been moved to her department's floor. She had earlier ordered someone to remove the flowers she received, but they, thinking it wasteful to throw them away, placed a sign by them instead-"Flowers Free to a Good Home."
One of the executives
commented, "Nice atmosphere on this floor."
Someone from her department was fetching flowers, replying respectfully. "They were originally for Ms. Haywood."
All at once, the executives' gazes turned to Brielle. "Didn't know you were so popular, Ms. Haywood," they teased.
Brielle forced a bitter smile.
Max approached the flowers, his fingers deftly plucking one. His fingers were long and attractive, the red petals stark against his skin, and to Brielle, it felt as if he was squeezing the life out of her throat. She swallowed hard, only to see him silently head to the adjacent room, prepared for the
meeting.
14:16
Chapter 200
Throughout the meeting, she was on edge, until an exécutive asked about her travel plans. Standing, she responded. "There's been a situation. I've taken a few days off. Once that's sorted, I'll be ready to travel."
"Ms. Haywood, that's where you're wrong. What personal issue could possibly be more important than company business?"
"Mr. Noah is already chatting with Ms. Alivia, and here you are, still in the country. You don't seem to be busy with anything urgent."
Amidst the murmurs, William spoke up. "Brielle, when you say 'a situation,' you don't mean mending fences with Spencer, do you? If it's a matter of the heart, we might understand. After all, you and Mr. Noah are competitors. Whether you win or Mr. Noah does, the company benefits. Right, Max?"
Brielle mentally cursed William a thousand times, wishing he'd shut up.
Max played with his pen, his lashes casting cold shadows. "The meeting is not a place for personal matters."
The room went silent, no one daring to tease any further.
Some flattered Alivia, others stated the new investment was bound to succeed, merely steps away from wishing Max and Alivia a lifelong happiness.
Max remained aloof, and as the meeting ended, he left with the other executives.
Brielle sat still, watching William rise and offer her a warm smile. She clenched her teeth in silent rage, standing to chase after him, only to see Spencer waiting in the corridor. A hush fell over the department. Spencer raised an eyebrow at Brielle's approach, his stride confident as he closed the distance. "Lillian's in the hospital. You're coming with me to see her."
###Chapter 201
Chapter 201
Brielle couldn't believe her ears. It was either she had misheard or Spencer had truly lost his marbles. Frowning, she lifted her foot to step into the office but was blocked by Spencer's outstretched arm.
"Brielle, we both messed up with those photos, and you have to come with me to see her. Maybe it's the photos that's got her all worked up." Spencer said, his voice loud enough for the surrounding colleagues to overhear.
Brielle couldn't help but glance around at the reactions of others in the department. If she wasn't mistaken, they had all received that incriminating photos. It wasn't just the social circles of Beaconsfield; it seemed like everyone she had ever interacted with had gotten a
copy.
Looking back at Spencer, her disgust was no longer concealed. "You know damn well how those photos came to be, better than I do," she retorted.
A flicker of guilt passed through Spencer's eyes, but he quickly regained a defiant stance. "I know you are not over me. Cut the crap, Brielle. We've known each other for years. There's no need for things to get this bad between us."
Feeling a pain in her chest at the thought of all the one-sided efforts she had made for Spencer over the years, Brielle wondered how she could have been so blind. "Spencer, I don't want to fight right now. I've got bigger fish to fry."
As she spoke, William approached them. "Ms. Haywood, Spencer was just telling me last night. how you were keen on getting back together. Didn't expect it to be true. You lovebirds need to clear up this misunderstanding. Ms. Haywood, you can take the afternoon off."
Brielle initiating a reconciliation?
The bystanders caught every word, raising their eyebrows suggestively.
Meanwhile, Max didn't stop for the drama, heading straight for the executive elevator to the top
floor.
Spencer hadn't expected William to spill the beans in front of everyone, and the awkwardness was palpable. Worried Brielle would expose him, Spencer grabbed her wrist. "Let's step outside for a minute." Brielle, although stunned, knew that if she left now, she would never be able to clear her name. She shook off his grip with a swift motion.
Spencer's face clouded over, and he pulled her close, his voice a low growl. "Brielle, don't bite. the hand that feeds you. I said we don't need to be at odds. If that scene you made at the Haywood family banquet was to get my attention, you've succeeded. I'm somewhat interested in you again, but I also care about Lillian. If you don't mind, we could all be together. Whichever of you has a child, I'll be the father."
1/2
Chapter 201
Brielle's eyes widened in disbelief at Spencer's words."
Misinterpreting her shock for acquiescence, a smug look crossed Spencer's face. "I knew your still had a soft spot for me. I was wrong before, and I shouldn't have kept my thing with Lillian from you. You've seen how my mom and dad are. My dad has more than one woman, and yet they've made it work all these years. We could do the same, Brielle. If you want, you could event have my child."
This had been Spencer's overnight brainwave, but before he could say more, his cheek stung with the impact of a fierce slap.
The slap echoed through the office, causing everyone to freeze, some gasping in shock at the scene. Spencer, touching his throbbing cheek, felt his eyes well up with tears. "What the hell is that for?" Brielle's lips trembled with the urge to slap him again.
Having been coddled all his life, Spencer had never been slapped in front of an audience like this, especially one comprising his former subordinates. He stared at Brielle, but the emotions. in her eyes pained him-anger, regret, revulsion.
Those emotions were like daggers cutting deep into him, but what had he done wrong?
He couldn't let go of Lillian, nor of Brielle. Was it so wrong to want a life together with both of them?
###Chapter 202
Chapter 202
The women of the high-society families were known for turning a blind eye to their husbands' extramarital escapades. Spencer had even promised that Lillian was his only indiscretion. So why did Brielle still feel humiliated?
She withdrew her hand and let out a scornful chuckle. "Spencer, you go ahead and have your little threesomes with whomever you like. I'm really not interested in your schemes. And about those photos, if you think you can use them to prove there's still something between us, you're sorely mistaken."
Spencer's face turned from shades of red to pale, wishing he could just silence Brielle then and
there.
"You broke into my place. You know exactly what you intended to do."
As she turned to leave, Spencer reached out to grab her, but Brielle countered with a swift judo throw, pinning him to the ground with her knee on his back, wrenching his arm behind him. The position was a blow to any man's pride, and Spencer started to sweat buckets. "Brielle, let me go this instant!"
There was a chilling edge in her voice as she responded, "You should be thankful you didn't succeed that day, or I would've ended you right there." Her knee delivered another heavy blow, forcing Spencer to stay hunched on the ground, unable to get up. Filled with resentment, he wished he could find a hole to crawl into. Who could explain where Brielle had learned such moves?
Releasing him, Brielle collected her scattered documents with practiced ease, while the onlookers stepped back, as if afraid they might be her next target. Without a word, Brielle marched into her department. The onlookers whispered among themselves.
"Did you see Brielle's moves? She's gotta have some martial arts training."
"No way, I've never heard about it."
"She said Spencer forced his way in, and judging by the way she took him down, it looks like he didn't get the upper hand."
Their eyes drifted to Spencer, who had managed to get off the floor, his chest heaving and his cheek swelling. His eyes reddened with rage as he wiped the blood from his lip.. William chuckled nearby. "Spencer, you alright there, buddy?"
Spencer didn't reply, just pursed his lips and stomped toward the elevator. It was a disgrace. He wished he'd never shown up that day. Brielle had the audacity to do this to him, damn it. Back in her office, Brielle slumped into her chair, exhausted, dreading the rumors that would undoubtedly swirl around Dorsey International after today's drama. She rubbed her temples. her thoughts turning to Max and the misunderstandings that had piled up. With a sigh, she put
14:17
Chapter 202
down her phone.
Meanwhile, in the executive suite, Max had just loosened his tie when his phone buzzed with a call from Andrew, who delighted in kicking people when they were down, especially after seeing photos of Brielle and Spencer together. He couldn't resist the urge to call Max for his reaction.
Max, with his usual foresight, promptly hung up, but that didn't stop Andrew from texting the incriminating photos.
[Are you being cuckolded?]
Max's expression turned icy as a second message arrived.
[But strictly speaking, it wasn't really cuckolding, was it? After all, you are the newcomer. Little canary really doesn't know better, does she? To have you and still mess around with her ex-fiancé.] Max sneered and shot back a reply. [Aubree must be doing a better job than Brielle.]
He put down the phone, feeling frustrated. To alleviate the discomfort, he unbuttoned one button and then another.
###Chapter 203
Chapter 203
Just as the office door swung open, Spencer stormed in, his face a mask of fury. "Uncle Max." he called out, his posture a picture of dishevelment.
Max glanced at the imprint of a hand on Spencer's cheek and felt the knot of irritation inside him loosen somewhat.
Spencer's demeanor was respectful, and it took him a moment before he hesitantly spoke. "My dad and mom both hope that Brielle and I can get back together. Grandpa thinks the same way. Uncle Max, can you arrange a position for me? I want to come back first."
In the past, Spencer would have undoubtedly left Dorsey Tower long ago, and he would never have condescended to think about staying. It was simply because he couldn't accept it. To him, Brielle had changed too much; she used to be so agreeable.
Max's slender fingers spun a pen with effortless grace, a simple gesture that exuded a sleek, statuesque elegance, like a marble sculpture in a silent, cold gallery. He chuckled softly. "Getting back together with Brielle?"
For some reason, Spencer felt an overwhelming pressure emanating from him and involuntarily. swallowed hard, his fingertips beginning to tremble.
tch up to
His reverence for Max was deep in his bones, "Brielle's background might not match mine, but I can't find a better bride in such short notice. I'm not like you, Uncle Max. I never had woman like Ms. Alivia waiting for me since my youth."
Max's brows furrowed, and a flash of annoyance passed through his eyes, "If you want to come back, you'll have to go through the proper channels and submit an application."
A spark of hope crossed Spencer's face, "Alright, I'll send it tonight." With that, he walked out with a spring in his step.
Back behind his desk, Max was surrounded by piles of paperwork that he couldn't bring himself
to read.
Downstairs, Brielle was equally restless. She hadn't even turned on her work computer all day. and, as soon as the clock signaled the end of the workday, she reflexively grabbed her purse to head back to her apartment, but then she remembered the threatening texts. Frowning, she decided to head to the hotel instead.
The meal box the butler had sent over was still sitting on the coffee table. After debating with herself until eight in the evening, Brielle finally decided to call Patrick.
Patrick glanced at Max, surrounded by a crowd, and cautiously answered, "Ms. Brielle."
"Um, Patrick, is Michael still at Premier Palace tonight? Wesley sent me a meal box, and I would like to return it."
00
Speaking with smart people didn't require explicitness. Everyone knew she was looking for an
excuse to return to Premier Palace.
Chapter 203
A trace of relief crossed Patrick's face, but then he frowned, "Mr. Michael isn't there, but Mr. Dorsey isn't at Premier Palace either tonight. The Hatfield family is hosting a charity gala, and he's attending." "Oh, I see." Brielle sounded somewhat dejected.
"Ms. Brielle, would you like to come? I can pick you up. The rest of the Haywood family is here.
as well."
The Haywood family was there too? Brielle's frown deepened, immediately feeling like it was at bad omen. "No, that's alright. I'll return the meal box some other time."
After hanging up the phone, Patrick debated before approaching Max, "Sir, Ms. Brielle just called."
Max instinctively checked his phone, finding no missed calls. The chill in his gaze intensified in an instant, "Hmm." So, she didn't call him but called Patrick instead.
Patrick wanted to add something else but noticed Lillian approaching with a drink in hand, "Max, I've heard so much about you."
Lillian was dazzling that evening, her neck adorned with a string of diamonds that shone under the bright lights. She had spent a pretty penny on her ensemble and had made an extra effort knowing Max would be there.
Her gaze shifted to Patrick, a sly smile on her lips, "Patrick, didn't Brielle come with you? Your two seemed quite close last time. How come I haven't seen her tonight?"
She asked as if casually interested, but inwardly she sneered.
Patrick was a driver, after all, and how much could he possibly contribute to a charity gala? He was barely qualified to bring a date.
Chapter 204
###Chapter 204
Chapter 204
A trace of satisfaction flashed in Lillian's eyes as she looked towards Max, almost appearing a bit intoxicated.
"Max, you probably don't know this yet, but Patrick and Brielle, they're an item. Saw it with my own two eyes last time. But I gotta say, Patrick, Brielle's already got another suitor lined up. and I hear wedding bells are about to chime. You might wanna keep your eyes peeled if you're on the market for a lady friend."
She swirled the red wine in her glass, trying to craft an image of elegance and sophistication.
Patrick felt that Lillian was a woman with no brains at all, completely unable to read people's expressions. He sneaked a glance at Max and, sure enough, Max's eyes were frosty.
Lillian, oblivious as ever, edged closer, her mind preoccupied with the perfume she wore. She had done her homework on Max's preferences; he wasn't fond of overpowering scents. So tonight, she had chosen a fragrance with a subtle hint of tea.
Before she got close enough, Max's voice cut through. "Wasn't her engagement with Spencer canceled?"
This was the first time Max had engaged in direct conversation with her, even if it was about that bitch Brielle. But Lillian was far from thinking Max had any real interest in Brielle. After all, Brielle had hooked up with his driver. Surely a man like Max, perched high on his pedestal wouldn't stoop to pick up someone else's leftovers?
"The engagement with Spencer is indeed off," she asserted with a hint of triumph, "but my parents have arranged another match, with Mr. Connor of Apex Dynamics."
Apex Dynamics?
Max had never heard of it. Patrick, on the other hand, was quietly filling in the gaps. "Connor, a notorious playboy pushing fifty, got some messy business with the Haywood family. Looks like they're shipping Ms. Brielle off to settle scores."
Max's fingers suddenly tightened around the stem of his wine glass, nearly shattering it. To Lillian, however, this seemed like Max was just lamenting the poor choice of his driver. "Max, I'm just running my mouth a bit, that's all. Hate to see another guy get duped by Brielle. She once openly confessed in the Haywood household to having a man on the side."
"Really?" Max's eyes narrowed, a vortex that seemed to swallow light, covered with a shimmering ripple.
Lillian could practically drown in such a gaze. She felt certain that her little act of espionage tonight had elevated her in his estimation. She had thought it would take a serious effort to hook Max, but he seemed an easy catch. Her excitement was palpable, and the smugness was impossible to hide. "Max, let me toast to you. And I wonder, do you have any plans after the dinner?" Chapter 204
She asked the question very tactfully, her cheeks blushing.
Meanwhile, Cameron watched Lillian sidle up to Max with a furrowed brow, worried she might upset him. The room was crowded with women harboring hopes of clinging to Max's coattails, yet none dared to approach him directly. Who wasn't aware of Max's slight obsession with cleanliness? Anger him, and the whole venture could backfire.
But there stood Lillian, right by his side for quite some time, and he hadn't budged. Not just Cameron, but others too, were puzzled. Everyone knew Lillian's reputation was in tatters. How could she be so close to Max? Could it be that Max had a taste for just that kind of company?
The very thought left Lillian's so-called friends, some of whom had gathered for the evening. seething with envy.
"Look at her eyes, practically glued to Max."
or sleeve."
"How can Max stand her? She's wearing her intentions on her
The more indignant the onlookers, the more triumphant Lillian felt, almost convinced she had Max in the palm of her hand.
She signaled to Cameron with her eyes. After some consideration, Cameron decided to have someone prepare things. Tonight, Max and Lillian must be in the same room.
###Chapter 205
Chapter 205
The charity banquet hosted by the Hatfield family was different from other events. Being at powerful family, they didn't need media hype, so the venue was chosen in a suburban mansion. There would be a bonfire party at the mansion in the evening, and most of the attendees for this event were young people.
Max's attendance was a surprise that buzzed through the crowd. Polite to a fault when. approached by networking entrepreneurs, his cool detachment was palpable. Business niceties aside, he kept personal connections firmly at arm's length.
Over time, the consensus became that Max was supposed to be untouchable and unreachable. so his presence that evening was nothing short of astounding.
Rumors swirled that he might even stay the night at the accommodations provided by the Hatfields.
Setting his drink down, Max caught Lillian's persistent gaze. The corners of his mouth tilted ever so slightly, his dark lashes casting shadows over enigmatic eyes. Her heart raced at his aloof demeanor, her voice catching in her throat, "Max, are you planning to stay at the estate tonight?"
Max raised an eyebrow, lightly chuckled, and nodded, as if extending an unspoken invitation. He originally had no intention of staying, but now he wanted to. He was looking forward to tonight's drama, hoping not to be disappointed.
Lillian's hopes soared at his nod. She leaned in, only to be interrupted by a businessman eager to discuss a deal. With a sigh, she retreated to her brother Cameron, clutching her drink with barely contained excitement. "Cameron, you said you'd help me, right? He's staying over, and he told me. Does that mean something?"
Her cheeks flushed with anticipation. She had even ordered a set of custom, sensuous nightwear, determined to win Max over.
Seeing her expression, Cameron felt a bitter taste in his mouth. "I've made arrangements, Lillian, but remember, this is Max. If you upset him..."
"Cameron, didn't you see? He was talking to me. He doesn't dislike me. If I can successfully get pregnant, I'm sure I can marry him."
"But there's Alivia..."
Lillian scoffed, "Max never acknowledged Alivia. That's just media speculation. Even if they were to marry, it's a long way off. I just need to catch his eye first, and I've won.
Cameron immediately fell silent. He had no principles when it came to Lillian.
Lillian's triumphant smile grew. Her gaze kept flickering to Max, wishing she could stick to him like gum on his shoe.
Chapter 205
After concluding his discussion, Max sipped the drink handed to him by a waiter and immediately sensed something amiss. The off-taste was a telltale sign of tampering, though amateurish compared to what he had experienced abroad. Nonetheless, in a country with strict drug regulations, this was a bold move.
He didn't set the drink down but casually swirled it, casting a glance towards Cameron and Lillian, who appeared tense. He drank a few more sips before placing the glass down.
A staff member from the Hatfields approached to escort him upstairs for rest. He followed, leaving the gathering behind, heading to a separate building where all the guests' accommodations were, with him alone on the top floor.
As the elevator doors closed, the heat rose within him, reminiscent of a past experience overseas that ended up as a juicy tidbit for Dustin to entertain Brielle with.
Perfect. This would only enhance the act.
The people from the Hatfield family stood beside him. Facing his calm demeanor, they also softened their tone. "Mr. Dorsey, do you find the surroundings to your liking? It's serene here. and with the Hatfield security, it's quite safe. Patrick discussed this with us before, but we didn't expect you to come in person today."
Max rubbed his temple, feigning weariness, "The environment is decent. Discuss the rest with Patrick."
Sammuel nodded, ensuring the nearby bodyguard received his instructions. "Make sure no one disturbs Mr. Dorsey's rest tonight. Keep an eye on the other floors as well." The bodyguard acknowledged the order.
As Sammuel stepped into the elevator, he couldn't help but reiterate, "Especially those women. of ill repute, keep a close watch, and report any issues immediately."
###Chapter 206
Chapter 206
As the elevator doors sealed shut, the bodyguard wiped the sweat from his brow, ready to tell the guys to keep their guard up and be vigilant while posted here.
Then a nearby door swung open, and there was Max, leaning casually against the frame. The hallway lighting cast an almost ethereal glow around him, as if he were enveloped in an unreal. aura. His eyes were dark, like flames burning within them, yet those flames seemed to smother against cold ice, extinguished one by one.
"Mr. Dorsey, do you need anything?" the bodyguard asked.
"You don't have to guard this place."
"But Mr. Hatfield explicitly instructed..."
"I'm not comfortable with it."
There was a hint of amusement in his gaze, though it seemed diluted.
The bodyguard could only nod. After seeking approval from Samuel, he removed the security on this floor.
Inside the room. Max surveyed the space that had been sterilized several times over. He approached the window and pushed it open.
The location was indeed prime real estate. Previously, when Brielle was scouting locations for the orphanage, Patrick had shortlisted several spots, and after process of elimination, only this area remained. It was a bit removed from the city center, but with the Hatfield family's security. safety wasn't an issue.
Nevertheless, this was Hatfield territory. Having accepted their generosity, he had to accept the Hatfield family's invitation to attend their charity gala to show his gratefulness.
The cool evening breeze helped dissipate some of the heat as he shrugged off his suit jacket. Meanwhile, in the other building's hall, Lillian looked to Cameron, her nerves frayed. "He definitely drank it, right? We're staying in the same building tonight, but there's bound to be security on the top floor. Can you help me handle it?"
There was no turning back now.
Cameron thought it would be tricky, but he'd just heard that the top floor's security had been withdrawn by Max himself. What was Max up to? Could it be, as Lillian suggested, that he was signaling her? Uncertain but faced with Lillian's question, he nodded, emphasizing, "Don't provoke him too much, Lillian. He's not like Spencer."
Lillian said yes out loud, but inside, she was scoffing. All men were the same to her. And given that Max had taken something not readily available on the market, the slightest touch could
14:17
Chapter 206
make a man's determination falter, causing him to see only the woman he craved. "Let's go. now. You check the top floor for anyone else, and leave the rest to me."
She prepared the most seductive lingerie, ensuring that Max wouldn't be able to look away once he glanced at it.
Cameron nodded, noticing others heading to rest as well, and followed suit. A few youngsters. chose to stay and continue the night's festivities.
Lillian, buzzing with anticipation, felt her body grow warm as if she had taken the drug, not Max. She went to her room, slipped into her nearly non-existent lingerie, covered it with an oversized robe tied at the waist, and prepared to head to the top floor.
Clutching her phone, she awaited Cameron's signal. The moment the top floor was clear, she'd make her move.
Sweat pooled in her palms as she paced. Finally, her phone buzzed. Her eyes lit up as she hit the answer button. Could it be this easy?
Cameron's hesitant voice came through, "Lillian, are you sure about this? Really sure? Mom and Dad would still prefer you with Spencer, and something feels off about tonight."
Lillian's frustration flared, her eyes welling up, "You saw the pictures Spencer got caught in. Hel didn't even come to explain. Clearly, I'm not in his heart. So what's wrong with chasing the mant I like?" Cameron fell silent. He rubbed his temples, his mind in disarray. After all, they were talking about Max, who was notoriously hard to impress. Even if Lillian was exceptional, if she didn't catch his eye, how would he deal with the Haywood family?
Lillian's crying broke through his indecision. Like a hammer, it shattered his hesitation. "The top floor's clear. Max's door is closed. Come on up."
With this special permission, Lillian quickly wrapped herself in a robe and opened the door to her room. Looking around as if feeling guilty, she made sure the corridor was empty before entering the elevator.
###Chapter 207
Chapter 207
Meanwhile, Brielle was sprawled out in the hotel room from the previous night, her eyes glued to her phone as she flipped it over in her hands restlessly. She hadn't reached out to Max all day, and he hadn't made any moves either. He was probably upset, especially after overhearing her conversation in the elevator and then witnessing Spencer's clingy display.
Biting her lip in frustration, Brielle racked her brain for a plausible excuse and finally came up with something passable. [Mr. Dorsey, the soup Wesley brought over was delicious, thank you.] After sending the message, she waited for a while, eager to see how he would respond, but her phone remained silent.
Brielle had never been good at this kind of thing. Seeing no reaction, she tossed the phone aside. She laughed at herself, wondering why she even thought Max would be upset. Was it because of Spencer? Was it because of what she said?
She didn't think she had that kind of charm. If that was the case, there was no need to go out of her way to explain.
On Max's end, he was holding a cup of coffee, gazing out the window. The suburban view was quite nice, and the coffee beans specially prepared by the Hatfield family were rich and
aromatic.
He had taken off his suit jacket, leaving him in his white dress shirt with the top three buttons undone, casually revealing his collarbone.
His tall frame leaned against the window, the shirt and pants accentuating his stature, his long lashes casting a shadow across his chiseled features. Brielle had called Patrick but not him. Did she think the morning's incident didn't need
clarification?
He was feeling irritated because of her, and now he had to repay a favor to the Hatfield family on her behalf? The thought just added to his frustration.
Max felt a heat building within him, and not even the coffee could chase away the rising. temperature in his body.
There was a knock on the door, persistent and quick. He put his phone down, rubbed his temples, and walked over to the door to open it.
Standing outside was a woman, dressed to impress and wrapped in a flowing gown, her innocent eyes looking up at him.
"Max," Lillian drawled, her fingers delicately undoing the belt at her waist. "I've admired you for a long time, and I wanted to offer myself to you. I hope you won't reject me."
As the gown fell to the floor, her other hand hidden behind her back, her cheeks flushed with a feigned shyness.
14:18
Max didn't give her a second glance, his expression as cold as ice, unimpressed by the tacky. seduction. He couldn't help but wonder how Brielle could have been deceived by such a woman for years. A pair of arms wrapped around his waist. "Max, I know you're suffering. I can help you," she whispered, her breath sweet.
Lillian was determined to hook him, her eyes filled with resolve and even forcing her way into
the room.
Outside, someone had locked the door with a heavy padlock, making it impossible for those inside to open it. The heat within Max intensified as he sensed someone lunging at him, and without hesitation, he pushed her away. "You've got some nerve," he said coldly.
Lillian was shocked. He hadn't succumbed?
She had used a hefty dose. By all accounts, he should have lost his senses by now and been all over her. What was happening?
Panic set in, but she quickly composed herself. There was no turning back now.
"Max, take me, please. I'll make you feel good," she pleaded, kneeling before him, her gaze almost obsessive as she inched closer. Max's forehead was beaded with sweat, his eyes half-closed.
Lillian mistook his silence for consent, but before she could rejoice, she felt the cold, dark barrel of a gun against her forehead. The coolness in his eyes was like the scythe of the Grim Reaper. Lillian's face turned ghostly pale, her body trembling uncontrollably. How had it come to this? How much longer could he hold on? She cowered on the floor, not daring to move.
Max seemed to be holding on by a thread, his fingertips lightly grazing the trigger. At the sound of the trigger's crisp click, Lillian nearly burst into tears. "Max, please don't be angry. I just wanted to make you feel good. I didn't mean anything else."
Max's fingertips caressed the trigger, and he leaned back slightly. The action made his Adam's apple protrude, his beautiful eyes reflecting the overhead lights like a,desolate sea at night.
Lillian swallowed hard, thinking he was on the brink of giving in, and quickly reached out to grasp his fingers.
###Chapter 208
Chapter 208
As the confrontation unfolded, the man nonchalantly raised his leg, stepping on her outstretched hand. His voice was husky with authority, "Call Brielle." Even as he spoke, he casually unfastened another button at his throat, revealing a glimpse of skin.
Lillian stared in disbelief, her eyes wide with shock, "What... what did you say?"
Max chuckled, idly spinning the gun in his hand, "Did you not understand? I said, call Brielle."
Lillian's lips trembled, uncertain if she was grasping his true intent. Did Max need a woman right now, and was Brielle the one he desired? The realization ignited a raging jealousy within Lillian. How could all the good fortune in the world fall into Brielle's lap?
Even a man like Max wanted her? Damn it all!
Her hand, hanging limply at her side, clenched into a fist, her mouth filled with the metallic taste. of blood. She felt an immense humiliation. There she was, kneeling with barely any clothes on her body, and yet, in Max's eyes, she didn't even qualify as a woman.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she wished Brielle would just vanish from the earth. "Max, why? Anything Brielle can do, I can do too. She's been with so many men. She's not even a virgin. Max, let me serve you."
The word 'serve' betrayed her sense of inferiority in Max's presence.
Max laughed, his gaze never quite settling on her, "I don't want to say it a third time, and your probably don't have a third chance to listen." Someone needed to tell Brielle that he had been drugged and needed her now. And that's why Lillian was here.
Lillian's lips quivered, realizing he was serious, and she scrambled back in panic. She reached the door, desperately wanting to escape, but then she remembered instructing Cameron's ment to lock it from the outside as soon as she entered, making it impossible to open from the inside.
She pulled out her phone, only to find that Brielle had already blocked her, cutting off any connection. A glimmer of hope rose within her, her nails digging into the floor as she broke into a sweat, "Max, Brielle blocked me. I can't call her. Let me stay. I can take care of you."
Max's wrist hung loosely at his side, his grip tight, a sign of his growing impatience. He tilted his head back slightly. "Use my phone."
Lillian's pupils contracted sharply, knowing he wasn't joking. Tears spilled down her cheeks ast she took Max's phone, her hatred flaring wildly. Her fingertips trembled as if she had received. countless slaps across her face.
She was dressed in so little, kneeling at his side, yet he seemed blind to her, asking her to call. the woman she loathed the most. This was more humiliating than any disgrace she had ever. suffered at the Haywood family's banquet.
Chapter 208
Lillian could barely hold onto the phone when Max's voice came through, indifferent as ever, "If she's not here within an hour, the Haywood family will disappear from Beaconsfield." Lillian stiffened, her eyes wide with disbelief. Was he really going to take down the Haywood family? All because of that bitch Brielle?
A chill crept up from her feet, spreading throughout her body, and then she heard his light, airy tone. "You've got half an hour's drive to the city. How much more time do you have to waste?"
It's like to him, the Haywood family was nothing more than a piece of cheap paper in his eyes. Lillian was consumed with a sense of injustice. She could not bear it!
Her lips quivering, she dialed Brielle's number, only to see that there was already a note attached to it. A spark ignited in her gaze. Had that slut already hooked up with Max?
How many men did she have on the side? How could Max want such a worn-out woman? His taste was truly questionable.
If she survived this night, she would never let Brielle off the hook. Lillian took a deep breath, her fingers trembling as they hovered over the call button.
While she was infatuated with him, she had never found a man so terrifying. He was like a demon, reaping souls. Yet, even so, there was a deadly allure about him.
###Chapter 209
Chapter 209
"Max, what should I say to Brielle? If she finds out it was me who called, she'll never want to show up," she said, her voice quivering with tears. She was still hoping to catch Max's attention even at this perilous hour. She even pushed out her chest, trying to entice him, her voice thick and almost dripping with emotion.
Max didn't even glance her way, instead frowning in disgust. "If she doesn't come. I'll kill you. What do you think you should say? Naturally, you should beg her to come save you."
The cold barrel of the gun returned to Lillian's head, and she truly believed that Max would kill her. This man had no heart: he was completely merciless.
Lillian felt like she'd been slapped repeatedly, tears streaming down her face uncontrollably. The idea of calling Brielle to save her was laughable. All this humiliation came from Brielle, all because of her. She dared not delay any longer, sobbing as she pressed the call button. The line was quickly picked up.
"Mr. Dorsey." It was Brielle's polite voice.
Lillian was truly terrified now, her tears falling nonstop, her speech broken, "Brielle, you need to come to the Hatfield family's party venue. Max, he... I drugged him, he won't let me touch him. and he said... he said he'll kill me. Hurry over."
Uttering these words, she felt as if her very bones were being crushed.
Brielle shot up from her bed, first carefully checking the caller ID on her phone to confirm it was Max's number. But why was Lillian on the line?
Her voice immediately became anxious, "Lillian, do you realize what you're doing? You dared to harm Max?"
Lillian clenched her teeth, locking eyes with Max, who was smirking slightly. Her nails dug into her palm.
She was being used. Max allowed her to touch his phone only to test Brielle. So he could be cautious too.
A lump formed in Lillian's throat, "I'm begging you, Brielle. You have to get here within forty minutes."
"What good does begging me do now?! If anything happens to him. I won't let you off!"
Brielle felt her chest tighten as if it would explode. What on earth was going on with Max? How could he fall prey to someone like Lillian?
She practically leaped out of bed, threw on her clothes, and dashed downstairs.
This was Max's phone. She was afraid to imagine what was happening on the other end. Where
14:18
Chapter 209
was Patrick? And Max's bodyguard?
She felt like she was boiling over, Max hadn't called her. Could it be because he was no longer conscious?
Lillian said Max was so angry that he wanted to kill Lillian. Brielle wondered how much Max must be suffering.
Brielle floored the gas pedal, wishing she could fly there.
Back in the room, after Lillian finished the call she watched as Max kicked his phone into the trash bin. It was tainted by her touch, and he wouldn't use it again. The thought humiliated her. "Get dressed and get out before Brielle arrives." he commanded.
Tears started to fall down Lillian's cheeks again, "But the door's locked from the outside, Max. Can I..."
She was cut off by his cold voice. "Isn't there a window? Jump."
Lillian stared in disbelief. They were on the fourth floor; a jump could be fatal. "This is the fourth floor."
*Staying in the room, and you'll die even faster. Jumping gives you a chance to live. What's your choice?"
Lillian felt weak all over. Seeing the dark gun, she scrambled to the window, crying and climbing. down the adjacent drainpipe.
Max set the gun aside, thinking of Brielle's frantic voice, and the scowl on his face softened. The phone in the trash can began ringing frantically, Brielle's number flashing, but he didn't pick up. Instead, he unbuttoned his shirt, turned off the room's lights, and waited in silence.
Like a hunter anticipating his prey.
###Chapter 210
Chapter 210
"Thud!"
Lillian hit the ground with such force that she felt as if her insides were about to bounce out of her body. To make matters worse, several people between the second and third floors were asking aloud what that noise was.
Panicked, she limped quickly into a nearby bush, shivering as she dialed Cameron on her phone.
Cameron arrived with his bodyguard in tow and found her wrapped in a robe sitting at the base of the building. His heart skipped a beat. "Lillian, are you okay?"
Her eyes brimmed with tears, and her palms were stained with blood. "That bitch Brielle has seduced Max a long time ago. Max would rather have her than me," she whimpered.
While Cameron felt a pang of sympathy, his heart also raced with concern. "Did Max get angry?"
Lillian pursed her lips, then suddenly reached out and grabbed Cameron's hand. "Was Mr. Connor at the party too?"
She thought she might have seen him tonight, but she wasn't sure if it really was Mr. Connor. Cameron nodded, feeling a bit uneasy at this moment. If Max were to investigate this matter. could the Haywood family's business stay afloat?
"Give Mr. Connor a hint. Just say that Brielle is coming to see him and let him prepare. Isn't Mr. Connor about to marry Brielle soon? Let them settle things sooner rather than later."
Cameron hesitated, but Lillian gripped his hand tightly. "If Brielle really gets a hold of Max, our Haywood family will be done for. With Max as her support, she won't spare us. It's better to ruin her first. Even if Ma
still desires her afterward, he won't want a woman who's been played by
Connor."
After mulling it over, Cameron finally let out a heavy sigh. "Lillian, don't be reckless. I've told you before, Max isn't just any guy.
But Lillian couldn't think of anything else, her mind consumed with thoughts of revenge against Brielle. The greatest humiliation of her life had all come from Brielle.
Connor had always been a playboy. In a gathering full of young girls like tonight, how could he possibly resist the temptation? Besides, he'd had his eye on Brielle for a while, or else why would he agree to a deal with Robert?
When Connor got the message, he felt a surge of heat throughout his body, staring disbelievingly at this bodyguard from the Haywood family. "Are you serious? Brielle has come around?"
The bodyguard nodded. "Yes, Ms. Brielle asked me to inform you. She's waiting for you in a
14:18
Chapter 210
private room on the third floor. Here's the room number."
Connor, feeling like a kid in a candy store, took the room number, his chest ablaze with anticipation.
He downed his drink in one gulp. If his future bride wanted his affection sooner, who was he to deny her? It seemed Brielle was quite bold, seeking him out even in such a setting. Connor strode out, smug with satisfaction, and made his way to the third floor of the adjacent building.
Meanwhile, Brielle had also arrived.
The Hatfield family's soiree required an invitation, and she hadn't received one, so the doorment stopped her, albeit politely. "Sorry, no invitation, no entry."
Brielle, desperate and sweating nervously, pleaded, "But I have an urgent matter."
The Hatfield family's security was notoriously tight, and sensing something special about Brielle, who looked radiant even without makeup, they quickly consulted with Sammuel.
Sammuel had already returned to his main house. Hearing that someone was trying to barge in. he asked warily. "What's the name?"
The bodyguard turned to Brielle. "Miss, may I have your name?"
*Brielle. My name is Brielle."
Upon hearing the name, Sammuel couldn't help but recall the incident involving Emily Hatfield's. departure overseas. Max had given him a piece of his mind back then, and wasn't that woman named Brielle?
And just moments ago, he had received a call that Max had cleared the top floor's security. Wasn't that setting the stage for someone? Could that someone be Brielle?
Sammuel was sharp, and he felt as though he was piecing together a puzzle. "Let her in," he
instructed, "and leave the rest be."
###Chapter 211
Chapter 211
The bodyguard promptly let Brielle in with a respectful nod.
"Thank you," Brielle said as she inquired about Max's whereabouts before hurrying off in the direction she was given.
She had just turned down a narrow alley when she was stopped by one of the Haywood family's bodyguards. "Ms. Brielle, we've been waiting for you."
Brielle recognized the bodyguard from previous encounters with the Haywood family; he seemed to be one of Cameron's men. A frown creased her forehead, "Where's Lillian right now?"
The bodyguard feigned urgency, "Please follow me. They've been waiting for you for quite some time."
Brielle was no fool. Had it been a bodyguard from the Hatfield family, she would have followed without question. But knowing the hatred the Haywood family harbored against her, she doubted the sincerity of their bodyguard's intentions.
She took a step back, her expression wary. "No need, I'll ask someone from the Hatfield family. myself."
She expected the bodyguard to get rough, but instead, he just stood there, watching her with an inscrutable gaze that unsettled her even more. With a frown, Brielle headed toward the security booth by the garden. It was manned by the Hatfield family, and she asked again for Max's location.
What she didn't know was that Cameron had made preparations for this night and had already bought off this particular security guard. The guard pointed towards a building nearby. "Third floor, room 3001, right by the corridor."
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief and quickly made her way into the adjacent elevator.
Meanwhile, Lillian, who had been lurking in the shadows, glared resentfully at Brielle's retreating figure. Her nails dug deep into her palms as she yearned to witness Brielle's downfall. A smirk curled on Lillian's lips as she followed to the third floor and checked with her people, "Are all the filming tools we prepared ready?"
"Don't worry, Miss Lillian, there are three cameras set up in the room. Once it's all over, we can pull the footage," one of her men assured her.
Lillian's frustration eased, but she worried Max might grow angry if Brielle didn't show up soon. "Go to the party and find a woman to take to Max's room."
"Who should we look for?"
Lillian's mind raced before she sneered and picked a flower, "Sophia, she's here too, isn't she? She probably hates Brielle as well. Given the chance to undermine her, I doubt she'd pass it up." Chapter 211
The bodyguard nodded and quickly departed.
By this time, Brielle had reached the door of room 3001. As she pushed it open a crack, a peculiar scent wafted out to her. It wasn't the usual fragrance of perfume; it smelled more like some kind of drug. Her heart skipped a beat, and she immediately turned to leave, but the overweight man inside, tormented by the drug's effects, lunged at her. "Bri, I've been waiting for you for so long. I've missed you terribly." Brielle dodged his advance and switched on the room lights. As the room brightened, she saw a man with a beer belly and bloodshot eyes standing not too far away, staring at her as if he wanted to devour her whole.
Brielle had no interest in exchanging words. She opened the door to rush out. But Connor, who was used to women fawning over him, grasped her wrist, panting heavily. "Weren't you the one who called me over? Come on, sweetheart, I can't hold back any longer, it's killing me."
"Get lost!"
Brielle, who had trained in taekwondo, broke free and grabbed a vase from the entryway, smashing it over his head. Taking advantage of his stagger, she bolted out the door.
Connor, accustomed to women who would kneel for his money, couldn't believe how this fake heiress was treating him. His vision blurred as he stumbled after her, cursing under his breath. "Bitch! You think you can escape tonight?"
He reached the staircase landing and grabbed the person he saw, but unbeknownst to him. Brielle had already run up the stairs, leaving him with a panicked Lillian, who had been hiding. hoping to witness the drama.
Lillian's face went pale as she shoved away Connor's reeking breath. "Mr. Connor, you've got the wrong person. I'm Lillian. Brielle's gotten away, but I'll have someone bring her right back
to you.
###Chapter 212
Chapter 212
Lillian trembled violently, her thin robe barely clinging to her body, revealing the lacy lingerie beneath - an ensemble she had chosen specifically for Max. Her vulnerability was further exposed when Connor, driven mad by drugs and pain, began to drag her towards the bedroom.
"Bullshit! Your old man practically gift-wrapped you for me. Now come on, I can't hold back any longer.
With that, he yanked her into the room, her robe falling open. Connor's eyes gleamed with a rabid hunger at the sight of her revealing attire, and in a fit of fury, he slapped her hard across the face. "Slut! Can't believe how easy you are."
The slap left Lillian disoriented, her ears ringing, unable to utter a word, as waves of coursed through her body..
"Help! Somebody help me!"
pain
Her pleas went unheard. Lillian, in an attempt to avoid any interruptions for Connor's twisted delight, had already sent everyone away. Now, she was utterly alone. Cameron and the bodyguards, never suspecting she would come to this ordeal herself, were oblivious to her plight.
Desperately clinging to the door frame, Lillian was no match for the brute force of an enraged man. Connor pulled her in and began tearing at her clothes, while she sobbed helplessly. cursing Brielle for her fate.
Brielle had already arrived on the fourth floor, her chest pounding wildly. As she ran, she kept looking back to see if anyone was catching up. She got scared and hid in a dark corner for a while until there were no footsteps behind her. Only then did she continue walking down the
corridor.
Where was Max exactly? She took out her phone and dialed Max's number again. She thought she heard a ringtone but dismissed it as her imagination until she found the door that was locked from the outside.
"Mr. Dorsey?" she called out softly, but the thick walls muffled her voice.
Brielle, anxious, struggled with the lock for a while, and soon, the security team of the Hatfield family arrived. The security team was directed by Sammuel to check the fourth floor. They didn't expect someone to lock Max's room. Startled, they quickly forced it open.
Brielle, relieved, was about to thank them when suddenly, a hand reached out from within the room, pulling her inside. The door was left slightly ajar as the guard, hearing the commotion, hastily closed it behind him.
Recognizing Max's familiar scent, Brielle's anxiety eased. "Mr. Dorsey, are you okay? Let me get the lights."
But before she could, Max had her pinned beneath him, his body radiating an intense heat. She
14:19
Chapter 212
could hardly speak, her vision flooded with the dazzling fireworks of desire. "Mr. Dorsey. Max, please..."
Her use of his first name seemed to ignite something within him, and he held her even tighter, trapping her in his embrace. Brielle struggled to breathe, unable to resist, and eventually succumbed to his passion.
As the night deepened, she found herself crying out, too weary to keep her eyes open, while Max never once loosened his grip on her wrists. Her last memory was his voice murmuring. "Call me by my name from now on," before she drifted into a deep sleep.
Max, feeling a weight lift from his chest, tenderly brushed a damp lock of hair from Brielle's face and watched the dawn break. He kissed her forehead and wrapped his arms around her, finally allowing himself to rest without pondering why Brielle affected him so differently than other
women.
Downstairs, Lillian bore the marks of the night's brutality. Connor, now sober and realizing his grievous error, dreaded the consequences of assaulting a Haywood. He tried to bribe her silence with sleazy words. "Lillian, about last night., it was a misunderstanding. How was I to know you'd be here? Let's just forget it all, huh? Even if the Haywood family makes a fuss, it won't do them any good. No need to let everyone know, right?"
Lillian's eyes, swollen from crying, were filled with nothing but hatred. Then, a knock at the door sent shivers down her spine - she realized the trap she had set for Brielle might have ensnared her instead.
###Chapter 213
Chapter 213
Lillian was shaking all over, the sound of Connor's voice still ringing in her ears, making her feel so nauseated she wanted to vomit. She ran to the bathroom, but with nothing in her stomach from the night before, there was nothing to bring up.
Catching her reflection in the mirror, she looked a mess, bruised all over. The lingerie she had carefully chosen were torn to shreds.
The knocking at the door was growing louder, and she could even hear the two people she had planted stirring the pot, making her blood boil with rage.
"That's the room, I swear I saw Brielle dash in there, isn't that the room of Mr. Connor from Apex Dynamics?"
"Mr. Connor? Isn't he the one who just lost his wife?"
"Ugh, she'd go for a guy like that? He gave me the creeps with the way he looked at me last night. Brielle really isn't picky, is she?"
The hallway was filled with young onlookers, all eager for some juicy gossip, especially if it involved catching someone in a scandal. Even Spencer had been summoned.
Lillian had explicitly instructed her people to make sure Spencer showed up. Now there he was, standing among the crowd with a dark expression, hardly able to believe Brielle could get involved with Connor. Sure, Connor had money, but it was the kind of wealth that only fooled women with more beauty than brains. Brielle had once been his fiancée; had she really sunk this low? Strangely. Spencer felt a twisted sense of relief wash over him. It was as if the humiliation he had suffered at Brielle's hands was dissipating.
As the crowd looked on, it seemed they were trying to read something in his face. Spencer pursed his lips. He had thought about reconciling with Brielle, but if she was truly this disgusting, why bother trying to win her back?
"She's no longer my fiancée. I agreed to end the engagement precisely because I knew what kind of person she was, and this isn't the first time she's done something like this."
Spencer's mindset was bordering on pathological now. He felt disgusted that Brielle could stoop so low and still deny him while maintaining a disdainful facade towards him in public... It was all Brielle's fault, he thought. A twisted sense of joy crept into Spencer's heart, and he couldn't help but let a smirk play on his lips, "Her affairs have nothing to do with me anymore." The crowd nodded in agreement; they had heard the two were no longer engaged.
Someone suggested breaking down the door, and a few robust young men took the initiative. kicking at it repeatedly. Those who had come for the spectacle were the types who took pleasure in others' misfortune.
14:20
Chapter 213
Inside, Lillian jumped at the sound of the door being battered, desperate to find a hiding place. But the room was too tidy, and here was nowhere to conceal herself.
Her eyes fell on the window, and she hurried to the bed. Without any clothes to wear, her gown and lingerie having been torn to pieces, she wrapped herself in a bedsheet. She moved to the window, but saw that the garden below was filled with people enjoying their breakfast.
She was trapped.
Shivering. Lillian watched as the door nearly gave way and she shot a hateful glance at Connor, "Mr. Connor, think of something, will you?"
Connor was still basking in the afterglow of the previous night. Though groggy, he remembered the taste of this woman. "Lillian, why don't you just settle down with me? I won't short-change you or Bri. How about fifty thousand a month in pocket money? What do you say?"
Lillian's eyes were bloodshot with rage, itching to grab the vase nearby and smash it over this man's head.
Fifty thousand to sleep with her? He should take a long hard look in the mirror.
Fury made her scalp tingle, but she could only watch helplessly as the door was about to give in. In a spark of desperation, she threw the bedsheet over her head, hoping it would obscure her face from the onlookers.
At that moment, with a thunderous crash, the door broke open and fell. People saw the disarray in the room and the woman hiding under the bedsheet and burst into laughter.
"Brielle, is it only now that you realize that you are a sight for sore eyes?"
"Disgusting. Can't even skip hooking up at a party."
"Mr. Connor, looks like you've bedded the honor student, huh?"
Connor was bewildered, but as he caught on, he understood Lillian's ploy. No wonder she hid her face-it was all a setup to frame Brielle.
Well, this worked out just fine. It would save him from Robert's wrath.
A smug look spread across his pudgy face, "I'm about to tie the knot with Bri. What's wrong. with a newlywed couple enjoying themselves? Besides, Brielle was the one who came onto me last night. It was absolutely intoxicating."
###Chapter 214
Chapter 214
Everyone in the social circle knew Connor was shameless to the core. The scandal involving his wife had become the talk of the town, and his reputation had taken such a hit that he no longer feared public embarrassment.
Accusing someone like him was pointless. So, the crowd turned their jeering eyes toward the woman hiding her face beneath the bedsheet. And Lillian, shrouded beneath that sheet, felt surge of satisfaction as the mockery was directed at Brielle.
Desperate to escape, she dashed for the door, but with her vision obscured, she stumbled out of the room and took a tumble in the hallway, landing right at Spencer's feet.
The onlookers burst into laughter again.
"Look at her now, what a joke! Guess her only shining moment was acing those finals, huh?"
"I heard she's working at Dorsey International. Think Max knows how embarrassing his employee is?"
"What does Max have to do with this? He's leagues above someone like Brielle. They're in completely different worlds."
Lillian winced from the fall and her pride stung even more upon hearing the mentions of Max. It infuriated her that everyone thought Max and Brielle shouldn't mix, yet during his vulnerable moments under the influence, it was Brielle he desired.
Why Brielle and not her? All she got was a night of humiliation from Connor. The more they insulted Brielle, the better Lillian felt.
She picked herself up, still clutching the sheet over her head, wrapping herself up tightly. Unaware that Spencer was right in front of her, she attempted to bolt past him, but Spencer, never one to let things slide, saw a perfect opportunity to embarrass Brielle, who had made him look like a fool at Dorsey International.
"Bri, what's happened to you?" Spencer feigned concern, pulling her close, his hand reaching to peel away the sheet.
Startled, Lillian wondered how Spencer could be there. "No, don't!" She clung to the sheet. wishing she could vanish from the scene.
To Spencer, something felt off; the voice sounded more like Lillian than Brielle. As he peeled back the sheet slightly, he could see Lillian's tear-streaked face, though the others couldn't.
There stood Lillian, a mess, her expression a silent plea. Spencer froze, disbelief etched across his face.
The crowd continued to taunt, "What's wrong? Does it hurt to see your ex-fiancée like this, Spencer?" "Why not pull off the sheet, Spencer? Let's all see the state she's in."
14:20
Lip 2
A flicker of something passed through Spencer's eyes amidst the internal turmoil, but he quickly covered Lillian again with the sheet. "Let's leave her be," he said to the crowd. "Knowing it's Brielle is enough." Hearing this, Lillian's eyes gleamed with triumph. Spencer was on her side. Blind and desperate, she leaned on him and whispered, audible only to them, "Spencer, please, get me out of here."
Though feeling repulsed, Spencer's hatred for Brielle outweighed his disgust for Lillian. As they made their way out, the spectators followed, tossing barbs.
"Brielle slept with Connor, and Spencer's still so kind to her. She must be blessed."
"Well, they've known each other since they were kids. Guess Spencer's just too soft-hearted."
They managed to insult Brielle while elevating Spencer's own status.
The elevator dinged open, and Spencer was about to step in with Lillian when he saw Brielle and Max already inside, looking pristine and composed.
The crowd, too, was taken aback by Brielle's tidy appearance, as if they couldn't believe their eyes. Max himself was as cool as ever, eyes half-closed, his lashes casting a chill of satiated indolence. Chapter 215
###Chapter 215
Chapter 215
Brielle had no idea what had just transpired, but she faintly caught her name being whispered. She glanced at the astonished crowd outside, a sly smile curling on her lips. "Morning, folks. Up with the dawn, I see."
Their expressions changed in a heartbeat. If this clean, neatly dressed, and poised individual was Brielle, then who was the woman shrouded in the bedsheet? These trust fund kids were sharp as tacks. Their minds raced, piecing together the sordid puzzle.
That mysterious woman deliberately remained silent. Hearing them say it was Brielle, she tacitly accepted it. Wasn't this an attempt to make Brielle take the blame?
Had Brielle not shown up in the elevator, everyone would have believed she was the one who had a fling with Connor last night.
Raising an eyebrow, Brielle turned to Spencer and then to the covered figure, her voice laced with mock curiosity, "Is this your new girlfriend, Mr. Spencer?"
Her words slapped Spencer as if leaving a physical mark on his pride.
The crowd remembered how Spencer had just identified the woman under the sheets as Brielle. If it wasn't her, then who was it?
"Mr. Spencer, that was out of line." someone chided. "You saw her face and still hinted she was Brielle?"
"The one who was fooling around with Connor wasn't her at all. So, who is this shameless person? Doing such disgraceful things and expecting someone else to take the blame?" "Let's see her face! Do it, now!"
The crowd was getting riled up, feeling duped.
Lillian, paralyzed with fear, couldn't utter a word until she felt someone tugging at her bedsheets. In panic, she stumbled backward. "No, stop! Leave me alone!"
Brielle, recognizing the voice, quickly put two and two together. "So it's Lillian."
At the mention of Lillian, disdain filled everyone's eyes. They hadn't forgotten the spectacle at the Haywood family's banquet, where Brielle had exposed their true colors. They were skeptical then, but now the truth was undeniable.
"So it's Lillian. That's just revolting, trying to frame Brielle."
"This must be a habit for her; she's always bad-mouthing Brielle."
"She even accused Brielle of being promiscuous. Turns out it was her all along? God, if I were Brielle. I'd be livid."
145
Chapter 215
At this point, hiding was futile. Her name was already out there. Fuming, Lillian yanked the sheet off her head, clutching it around her frame. Yet, her heart skipped a beat when she spotted Max.
Brielle and Max were together, so they must have spent the night, right? This realization filled her with spite, an urge to lash out at them both.
However, she couldn't stand up to Max. The memory of the gun pressed to her forehead left her speechless, unable to utter a word against him, especially not in front of this audience. Her lips trembled as she caught Max's threatening gaze, a warning only she could fully comprehend.
With puffy, tearful eyes and no dignity left for the elevator ride, Lillian bolted for the stairs.
The whispers continued as everyone's gaze shifted to Spencer. Brielle turned to him, her voice sweet as honey. "Aren't you going to chase after your girlfriend?"
The term 'girlfriend' was a stab of humiliation. They all knew too well who Lillian had been with
last night.
Spencer felt the sting of disgrace once again, his eyes seething with resentment towards
Brielle.
###Chapter 216
Chapter 216
Brielle's eyebrow arch was nonchalant, untouched by the turmoil around her.
Spencer felt as if his pride was being trampled underfoot, the gods themselves seemed to conspire with Brielle. Why, at this crucial moment, did she have to be in the elevator? His eyes narrowed as he pondered. Had Brielle been at the soiree last night? And she had come down from the fourth floor. Wasn't Max the only one living on the fourth floor? This suspicion was fleeting, as the surrounding chatter became unbearable, and Spencer beat a hasty retreat.
The onlookers shared his curiosity as they glanced at Brielle, but she simply looked up at Max with ease. "Mr. Dorsey, about my business trip, will you approve it?" she inquired. Max's eyelashes fluttered, and he hummed an affirmative.
Brielle smirked. Seeing that the people outside had no intention of coming in, she closed the elevator.
As soon as it shut, she kept her distance from Max. After all, having just woken up and been dragged out for an passionate lovemaking, she was wary of his stamina. Max leaned in closer, noticing her awkward stance. "Feeling uncomfortable?"
Her cheeks flushed. When the elevator reached the ground floor, she hurried out. But after a few steps, she felt a painful tug in her private area and slowed down.
Max intended to follow, but Sammuel, who had been waiting on the ground floor, approached him. "Mr. Dorsey, how was your evening?" Sammuel asked, his tone suggesting he had figured out the connection between Max and Brielle. Otherwise, he wouldn't have allowed her access or had security assist with unlocking the door.
Sammuel hadn't made a spectacle of the situation and had even agreed to sell the surrounding. land, putting Max in his debt twice over, so Max couldn't afford to be too cold now.
"Quite well. Your party was a hit, Mr. Hatfield."
Sammuel smiled, his eyes following Brielle's departure, and remarked meaningfully, "Ms. Brielle is as intriguing as the rumors suggest."
"She always is." Seeing the smile on Max's face, Sammuel knew he had made the right bet last night. Max deliberately removed the security on the top floor, exactly for Brielle.
"It seems Ms. Brielle will soon be Mrs. Dorsey of Dorsey International. Congratulations on finding a fine partner."
Max's brow furrowed slightly, a sweet unfamiliar sensation blooming in his chest at the thought. Like a candy melting, sweetness spread from his heart.
However, the idea of marrying Brielle had never crossed his mind.
Chapter 216
"I haven't thought about that," he said.
Sammuel looked embarrassed, thinking he had misread the situation and quickly covered. "Right, you and Ms. Alivia are the perfect match."
Max hadn't thought about that either, but arguing now seemed pointless.
Hidden behind a column outside the flower wall, Brielle overheard their conversation. He had never considered marrying her, even assuming he and Alivia were the right match. Then why had he whispered those words last night?
She vaguely remembered him leaning close, telling her to call him by his name. When she did, at the height of passion, he seemed thrilled, his embrace tightening.
It was all false, just sweet nothings whispered in the heat of the moment.
Brielle scoffed. If that was the case, why did she take it seriously? She couldn't very well counsel Aubree while falling into the same trap herself.
She left, hopped into her car, and drove back to the hotel.
The police had contacted her, saying there were no suspicious individuals around her apartment, and if she was still concerned, she could sell it and move elsewhere.
Brielle was already considering it. She had selected a location for the orphanage and had enough funds to purchase a new place. So, she started house-hunting that afternoon.. Unexpectedly, Kenzo called her.
"Kenzo?," she answered, surprised.
"I heard you're house-hunting?" Kenzo's voice was gentle on the other end.
"How did you know?"
Kenzo chuckled, "I have a place that's been sitting empty. Would you like to see it? I can have. my agent get in touch with you." Without his offer to involve an agent, Brielle would have declined, wary of owing a favor, but a business transaction was different.
"Sure, I'll check it out this afternoon."
Kenzo's property was in a prime location with excellent privacy. The doorman resident, and no stranger without a card could enter. d every
Brielle liked the place as soon as she saw it and quickly transferred the money.
Kenzo, upon receiving the payment, chuckled and sent a screenshot to Max. [Your lady is. buying a house. Aren't you contributing?]
In less than a minute, Max sent the money, with a note [and buy the neighboring properties for her, too.]
###Chapter 217
Chapter 217
Kenzo chuckled in response. (Too bad, I wouldn't mind pocketing that money myself, but I don't own the houses next door.]
He sent Brielle a screenshot of Max's transfer and refunded her money. The screenshot didn't bring Brielle the joy she had anticipated. Instead, it reminded her of something she'd overheard that morning, leaving a sour taste in her heart.
He was playing the role of a sugar daddy perfectly well, clearly seeing her as nothing more than a kept woman.
[Alright, Kenzo, thank you. You've saved me some money.]
Kenzo sensed Brielle's discontent but refrained from prying. Instead, he asked Max. [You knew about the house purchase, didn't you?]
Max was caught up in legalities at the Hatfield family estate, which had delayed him. When Kenzo asked, a knot formed in Max's stomach. He really hadn't known. Why hadn't Brielle told him? Did she think it unnecessary?
Meanwhile, Max was tuning out whatever Sammuel and Patrick were discussing, fixated on Brielle's contact in his phone.
He barely broke the deadlock with some efforts last night, so why did she leave on her own this morning without waiting for him?
Anxiety got the better of Max, and he rose from his seat.
Patrick, taken aback by his sudden movement, asked, "Mr. Dorsey, are we closing the deal on the contract now?"
Max, fingers elegantly buttoning his cuff, simply nodded, "Yes."
Without further ado, Patrick resumed discussing details with Sammuel, while Max excused himself, citing urgent matters..
Sammuel had no reason to detain him. Once in his car, Max couldn't resist and dialed Brielle's number, but Brielle was busy exploring her new home and ignored her ringing phone.
In less than a day, she had acquired a property, and Kenzo had even had the keys delivered at lightning speed. She had already called a moving company, and their crew was downstairs. ready to help her settle in.
Her belongings filled the spacious 300-square-meter house, yet it still felt empty. She snapped some photos and, in a rare move, updated her social platform.
"New life begins," she captioned.
Brielle rarely posted online, maybe once a month, but she couldn't help sharing several photos. of her beautiful new place.
14:201
In the meantime, Max had messaged her on WhatsApp, which she deliberately ignored. After her update. Max was the first to comment. [Why aren't you responding to my messages?] His tone carried a hint of hurt.
Brielle didn't have many people on her social media platforms, but individuals like Andrew and Kenzo were all there. However, those like Spencer, who had conflicts with her, were mostly deleted. Within a minute, both Kenzo and Andrew replied to Max's comment with a string of question marks.
Andrew, never one to hold back, added after his question marks. [You actually reached out to Brielle? And she didn't reply? Shocking! The CEO of Dorsey International playing the simp for someoned Surprised by their reactions, Brielle wondered if Max wasn't one to initiate chats. She didn't want to ask Andrew, and she messaged Kenzo privately. [Does Max not usually start conversations?] Kenzo's response came swiftly-a screenshot of his chat with Max. Kenzo would say ten things, and Max might reply to one, sometimes not at all.
Brielle chuckled slightly, but then she felt she might be reading too much into it. After all, she was still an employee of Max.
She put her phone down, deciding to treat herself to a home-cooked dinner to celebrate. Unbeknownst to her, the Haywood family was already in upheaval. Since Lillian's return home that morning, she'd been wreaking havoc, throwing things around in a tantrum.
Cameron, upon hearing about Lillian's ordeal with Connor, was in disbelief, but Lillian's tears and the witnesses forced him to accept the truth.
Robert and Miranda sat grim-faced on the couch, at a loss for words. Surely they couldn't just marry Lillian off to Connor.
Miranda, humiliated by the taunts from the other high society ladies during her afternoon tea. had returned home feeling disgraced, only to face her hysterical daughter.
"Lillian, how could you-"
Lillian, bitterness etched in her face, slumped on the couch. "Brielle has been sleeping with Max all along. She's the woman he keeps! I can't stand it. How could Max be blinded by her? Brielle has been with so many men, how could this happen..."
Her voice trailed off into a whisper.
A gleam of light flashed in Robert's eyes. "Are you sure about that?"
###Chapter 218
Chapter 218
Lillian's face twisted in anguish as she spoke, her voice choked with emotion.
"How can there be any doubt? I saw it with my own eyes last night. Max actually cares for Brielle. How could this be? That bitch! How did she manage to do it? Max is such a figure."
She couldn't get another word out as her voice broke down in sobs.
Robert was just as shocked because Max was always seen as the pinnacle of business royalty. a man so high up the social ladder that women couldn't even dream of a casual conversation with him, let alone closeness. How could a man like that be entangled with Brielle, especially since she was Spencer's ex-fiancée?
Robert still worried that Lillian might have been mistaken. "Lillian, Brielle is Spencer's ex, and Max wouldn't get involved with her. Are you sure you didn't just see what you wanted to see?"
Lillian's face contorted even more, her chest heaving with emotion. "Max himself had me use his phone to personally call Brielle. How could I be mistaken? That whore! I wish she would just disappear." Besides cursing Brielle like this, she really didn't know what else she could do. The mention of Spencer seemed to reignite a spark in Lillian, her face brightening with a vindictive satisfaction. "Dad, if Michael finds out about Brielle and Max, could he make her disappear from
Beaconsfield?"
A hint of hesitation appeared on Robert's face, then it seemed like he came to a realization. "We shouldn't tell Michael about this just yet. Lillian, after all these years you've known Brielle, she must have been really upset to cut ties with us. She'll come back to the Haywood family eventually. As for her and Max, if she managed to snag him, that's her skill. You could learn a thing or two from her."
Lillian was in disbelief, staring wide-eyed. She was already a mess, with swollen eyes, and now her twisted expression made her look almost ghostly.
Miranda and Cameron couldn't believe what Robert was saying either. They started to argue but stopped when they saw Robert stand up. "For years, the only woman who's ever caught Max's attention has been Brielle. His engagement to the Barnes girl hasn't even been set in stone. If Brielle can get Max to call off that engagement, she'll be the future Lady of Dorsey International. Who would dare cross her then?"
The two were about to retort but clamped their mouths shut, their fists clenched in frustration. They knew Robert was suggesting they cozy up to Brielle.
Seeing no ion, Robert continued, "Brielle's always had a soft heart. How could she hold no affection for the Haywood family? And with a grandfather who loves her, if she doesn't want to see him hurt, she wouldn't dare push too far."
Brielle hadn't visited the old man in the nursing home, opting instead for a caregiver, partly because she feared he would ask about the Haywood family. Not wanting to lie to this kind.
1/2
14:20
Chapter 218
elder, she had chosen to keep her distance - a weakness that Robert was willing to exploit.
Robert felt a surge of pleasure, initially thinking Brielle would end up with someone like Connor. It's a surprise that she managed to potentially bag a bigger fish.
As soon as he left, Lillian completely broke down, smashing everything left on the coffee table. "Mom, can you believe what Dad's saying?"
Miranda's face was etched with worry, but if Brielle really was with Max, they indeed wouldn't dare provoke her.
"Lillian, your father is looking out for you. You should focus on how to win Spencer back."
The mention of Spencer brought back a humiliating memory, and Lillian began to cry again.
With a sigh. Miranda got up, catching Cameron's eye, and left the room.
As soon as she was gone, Lillian threw herself into Cameron's arms, "Cameron, don't tell me you agree with them? Why does Brielle deserve Max's affection?" Cameron was still rattled by the previous night's events, fearful of Max's potential retaliation against the Haywood family.
"You'll help me, right?"
Cameron's mouth tasted bitter as he rubbed his temples, "I'll help you, but lay low for now. When Max gets tired of Brielle, you can have your revenge." Lillian thought it made sense. The Dorsey and Barnes family union was big news, and Brielle was just a passing fancy for Max.
But the thought of Robert siding with Brielle sent chills down Lillian's spine, her eyes glinting coldly. She decided to get Alivia involved in the fight against Brielle.
When Alivia got the news, she was wrapping up an investment deal with Noah. Noah noticed her smile vanish and cautiously inquired. "Alivia, what's wrong?" Alivia's hand that was casually resting by her side clenched, "Ms. Haywood from Dorsey International is quite close to Max, isn't she?"
###Chapter 219
Chapter 219
Noah had been harboring a crush on Alivia for years, and he agreed to this business trip mainly because it offered a chance to see her. But deep down, he knew that Alivia dreamed only of tying the knot with Max.
"Brielle's reputation is in the gutter. I can't believe Mr. Dorsey would be blind enough to fall for her." Noah mused to himself.
Alivia breathed a sigh of relief at the thought that the rumors must be false, "Once you've settled things with my friend. I'll come back home with you.
A flicker of joy passed through Noah's eyes, "Great."
Alivia, however, couldn't shake her unease. It seemed she had to fast-track her engagement with the Dorseys to ward off any unworthy suitors who might have their eye on Max.
During her trip back home, she was determined to convince both families to move forward with the engagement.
She played with the bracelet around her wrist, a habit she picked up from Max. Mimicking his gestures somehow made her feel closer to him.
Although she was aware of Noah's affection for her, her heart belonged to Max, and Max alone.
"Noah, I need a favor," she said.
Noah blushed at her request. Coming from a wealthy family, he had eyes only for Alivia and would do anything to help her. "Just name it."
"I want you to pursue Brielle. Someone sent me an anonymous message, and I can't shake this feeling. You know how long I've waited for Max, and I can't afford any complications. If Brielle's personal life is as messy as they say, maybe she's eyeing Max? With your looks and family background, it should be easy for you to win her over, right? And after that, you can just dump her. It wouldn't be a loss for you." Noah didn't ponder whether Alivia's tactics were fair or foul. To him, it was an honor to be entrusted with such a task. "Don't worry, I'll have her wrapped around my finger within a week." Alivia's lips curled slightly. "I'll handle things with my friend. You should head back home. Give me no more than two weeks, and I'll have a definite answer for you."
"Alright, take care, Alivia."
Unbeknownst to Brielle, she had become Alivia's target. After sorting out her move, Brielle returned a call to the police department..
In less than two days, she had settled into her new place, taking some time off work due to an overly passionate encounter with Max that still left her private part sore.
In the afternoon, she finally decided to visit the hospital. As she lay on the examination bed, the
14:21
Chapter 219
doctor's expression grew stern. "Miss, do you need us to call the police for you?"
Brielle blushed with embarrassment, making up an excuse, "It's just my boyfriend. He can be a bit overzealous."
The doctor looked unconvinced and noticed Brielle's discomfort, his brow furrowing slightly. "Here's your prescription. Remember, it's important to respect yourself."
Her cheeks reddened further as she left the office, overhearing a couple of doctors gossiping.
"Last month's case was even more outrageous. These young people today really don't know their limits."
"Right? They should find a decent boyfriend instead of hooking up with some rich kid. They get the cash but lose their health."
Brielle's head buzzed with irritation, mentally cursing Max as she rushed out of the hospital.
"Oof!"
Turning a corner, she bumped into someone, her nose throbbing from the impact as her medicine scattered on the floor.
"I'm so sorry," she murmured, bending to pick up the pills. But the man was quicker, his fingers. tensing as he recognized the medication and spotted the gynecology sign behind her. Handing them back, he muttered, "No harm done."
Brielle looked up to see a young man's face, one that seemed vaguely familiar.
###Chapter 220
Chapter 220
A few seconds later, her eyes widened, and she forgot about her embarrassment. "You are Mason? What brings you back in the country?"
Mason froze, then his features cooled off. "Sorry, you've got the wrong guy.
Realizing her mistake, Brielle hurried to catch up to him. “I apologize for not introducing myself earlier. I'm Brielle from Dorsey International's M&A division. It's a pleasure to meet you. I've been collecting information on the company you started abroad, and I was wondering-"
She was cut off as Mason interjected, "Dorsey International? The same Dorsey International that Max is part of?"
Brielle stopped in her tracks and nodded slowly, noting the sneer that appeared on Mason's face. "Does Max know you're here trying to talk cooperation with me?"
Brielle frowned. Could there be bad blood between these two?
Mason's expression returned to neutral as he waved a dismissive hand. "I have no interest in acquisitions or investments from Dorsey International. Don't bother me with this."
Standing there, Brielle felt a sinking feeling. The very company Mason had founded was her next business trip's target, and she had never imagined she would bump into the founder back. home.
Why did Mason harbor such disdain for Dorsey International? She hadn't uncovered any information linking Mason to Dorsey International.
Not wanting to miss her chance, Brielle took out her phone, thought for a moment, and decided to call Max.
Meanwhile, at the top floor of Dorsey International, a serious meeting was underway when a ringtone sliced through the silence. The executives exchanged nervous glances, sweat beading on their foreheads. Who could be so careless as to not silence their phone during a meeting?
The finance director was the first to speak up. "Whose phone is that? Turn it off."
As the words left his mouth, Max raised his hand, grabbing the vibrating phone beside him and pressed the answer button. The reporting individual quickly fell silent, as did everyone else, not daring to make a sound.
Max stood up and walked to a nearby floor-to-ceiling window, visibly brightening. "What's up?"
He had bought Brielle a house, a plot of land, and never even received a thank you, let alone a returned message. Max felt a bit stifled, but now that she was calling him, his lips couldn't help but curl into a smile.
Was this a thank you call?
Chapter 220
What Brielle asked next made his smile droop. "Mr. Dorsey, do you happen to know someone named Mason?”
Max remained silent, and the other executives nearby could almost feel a chill sweeping through the room, making them shiver.
Brielle couldn't see his face, nor could she gauge his mood. "The company I'm planning to approach was founded by Mason. I just ran into him here, and it seems like a great opportunity to connect with him, but he seems to have a strong aversion to Dorsey International. I want to understand why. Mr. Dorsey, can you shed some light on this?"
Max's grip on the phone tightened. Brielle was truly the fastest to change her attitude that he had ever seen. She had agreed so sweetly in bed that she would call him by his name, and here she was, just two days later, politely calling him Mr. Dorsey again.
"I thought I told you to use my first name from now on."
His voice was audible, and everyone in the meeting room heard it, causing a collective jolt. Who was Mr. Dorsey speaking to so intimately?
Whispers spread among the curious.
"It must be Alivia. It looks like the marriage between the two families really isn't far off."
"And Ms. Alivia is even helping Dorsey International with overseas investments. It's only right.
for the CEO to be nice to her."
Only the HR director and the finance director exchanged knowing looks, a silent understanding between them. They had stumbled upon Max and Brielle's affair before; Max was different with Brielle. As for Alivia? Max had never personally mentioned any alliance with the Barnes family. and everything was just speculation.
The person occupying his thoughts now was Brielle..
Max was oblivious to the undercurrents among his staff. After his statement, he waited for Brielle to respond.
flicker of confusion crossed Brielle's heart, but she maintained her polite tone. "I think it's appropriate to call you Mr. Dorsey. I know where to draw the line." To avoid stirring up any undesired emotions within herself.
###Chapter 221
Chapter 221
Max felt a suffocating tightness in his chest, especially as he heard her continuing to inquire about Mason. Without a second thought, he hung up the call.
"Mr. Dorsey."
"Beep... Beep... Beep..."
Brielle was somewhat incredulous at the sound coming from the other end.
After Max ended the call, he walked back to his seat, his tone as icy as a December morning.
"Continue."
Everyone shivered, feeling the room temperature drop even further.
The Finance Director, realizing he might have misspoken, attempted to mitigate the situation. "President, I'd like to propose a raise for Ms. Haywood. She's been an exemplary employee. and she's about to represent our company in negotiations. Her current salary just doesn't match her status."
The HR Director chimed in, "Indeed, Ms. Haywood is exceptional."
The sudden praise for Brielle baffled the others, especially since she was at odds with Ms. Alivia.
Ms. Alivia backed the Book, while Brielle was supposed to be negotiating with a new company-a task she had made no progress on. No matter how it was viewed, it seemed like negligence of duty. And they still wanted to give her a raise? On what grounds?
Several people at the meeting voiced their dissatisfaction.
"Have the directors got their wires crossed? Ms. Haywood has been on leave for two days."
"Yes, and if anyone deserves a raise, it should be Ms. Alivia. She's not our employee, so Mwr. Dorsey would need to personally select a gift for her.
They expected this flattery to delight Max, but his expression only grew colder. His gaze turned to the Finance Director, "Handle the raise as you see fit."
The Finance Director's face beamed, more convinced than ever of the need to curry favor with Brielle. Winning over Brielle was akin to winning over Mr. Dorsey, which meant good days. ahead for him. The others realized their sycophancy had backfired and fell silent.
As Max stood, his face clouded with gloom, he paused at the door. The thought of Brielle's indifference, yet offering her a raise-it would be a blow to his pride if she found out.
A furrow formed between his brows, and he spoke coolly. "But don't make it too much.
To the Finance Director, this wasn't a sign of Max's indifference towards Brielle. Considering
Chapter 221
the Max's shrewdness, it must be a deliberate strategy to prolong the subordinate's promotion progress. After all, a hungry hound hunts best. In this process, Brielle would undoubtedly become more reliant on the President.
Admiration glinted in the Finance Director's eyes, oblivious to his overactive imagination, "Understood."
Max had no clue what he understood. Back in his office, he still felt sour.
Patrick, knowing the probable cause of his mood, casually suggested, "Ms. Brielle has moved. into a new place. Should we send a housewarming gift?"
To his surprise, Max sat down and turned on his computer, his voice tinted with a hint of reproach. "Even giving her a house and land didn't elicit a word of thanks. What's the use of sending more?"
Patrick struggled to keep a straight face. Even Max himself seemed unaware that he was acting like a regular Joe trying to win his girlfriend's favor and failing miserably.
"Mr. Dorsey, maybe women value other things more, like commitment?" Patrick was probing. curious about how Max truly felt about his relationship with Ms. Brielle.
Max narrowed his eyes, a trace of confusion crossing his face. "Do you think I like her?" His question was about perception, not certainty, suggesting even he was unsure of his feelings. Patrick didn't dare respond directly, offering a noncommittal, "Perhaps."
Max's expression turned blank, as if void of color, "I won't dig my own grave." To him, affection. love, they were all graves, and he was not one to dig his own.
###Chapter 222
Chapter 222
And after Brielle was hung up on, she called back to find that Max had turned off his phone. With a frown etched on her face and worry that she might not see Mason again if she left, she decided to call Patrick.
At that moment, Patrick stood by Max, expecting a call from a business associate. When his phone rang, he glanced at the screen and saw Brielle's name flashing. His gut reaction was to steal a glance at Max.
Max sensed the shift in Patrick's attention, his grip on the pen tightening as if he was about to snap it in half. "Brielle?" he asked, a hint of tension in his voice.
Patrick swallowed hard, "It's Ms. Brielle. Probably about the land deal."
"Answer it. Put it on speaker," Max commanded.
Patrick had never felt such pressure just from picking up a phone call. Worried that Brielle might say something out of line, he took the lead with a professional tone, "Ms. Brielle, like I mentioned before, the land deal was all Mr. Dorsey's doing. If you have thanks to give, you' should really direct it to him in person."
Brielle
wasn't calling about the land, and she was anxious about coming off as too eager with Max. To avoid any misinterpretation of her intentions, she played along with Patrick's prompt. "Patrick, I should thank you as well. How about I treat you to dinner sometime?"
Patrick's body tensed, his keen eyes catching Max's clenched jaw, the pen nearly at its breaking point.
Wiping sweat from his brow, Patrick stuttered, "That's really not necessary. I barely did anything." "Patrick, you've worked hard. Besides, there's something else I need your help with."
Brielle was a very clear-headed person. Since she knew that Max saw her only as a fling, she didn't rush to plead with him. Moreover, he had just hung up on her. If Max didn't care for her, she had no reason to fret over him. Matters of the heart were reciprocal, and playing a solo act was utterly pointless. She had played that act before with Spencer; she knew better than to stumble over the same stone twice. "I need you to dig into Mason's troubles with Dorsey International," Brielle requested.
The weight on Patrick grew heavier, a wry smile on his face. "That might be difficult for me to look into. Perhaps you should ask-"
He was cut off by Brielle, "If you can't find out, could Kenzo do it? He's in good standing with Mr.
Dorsey, must have heard some rumors, right? O
It wasn't a threat from Brielle, just a genuine question. Patrick felt like his hair was standing on end. Should he let Ms. Brielle turn to another man for help?
14:2
Chapter 222
He quickly backtracked, "Actually, I can look into it. It just might take some time."
Relief spread across Brielle's face with a smile, "Alright, let me know when you have something." She hadn't asked about Max, and she ended the call with a clean break.
Patrick, hearing the call disconnect, didn't dare meet Max's gaze.
Max set down the pen, his laugh cold. "You two seem pretty chummy."
Patrick hastened to clarify. "It's mostly about the land deal. I've told Ms. Brielle it's all thanks to
you, sir."
"Hmph, I'm not bothered by that." Max replied dismissively, though his expression grew darker.
Patrick wiped away the sweat again, thinking, "If you didn't care, you probably wouldn't have me put it on speakerphone."
So much for not digging his own grave.
Standing there, Patrick felt an immense pressure, as if a mountain loomed overhead.
Max, feeling a sense of irritation himself, picked up a document from the side, trying to get lost in its contents. To think, all his efforts for her seemed to be in vain, while a simple update from Patrick earned her dinner invitation.
Ungrateful.
Why should he care? There was no need to get angry.
###Chapter 223
Chapter 223
After Brielle hung up the phone, she stayed put, waiting.
It took Mason half an hour to come down, and when he saw her still there, his brow furrowed in an instant, and he quickened his pace.
"Mr. Mason." Brielle called out. "I've done my homework on your company, and I believe it has the potential to be the investment world's unicorn."
In the financial world, there was a saying that the most crucial aspect of investing was to back a "unicorn"-missing out on such a company posed a far greater risk than making a mistake with a hundred others.
The term unicorn was thus a massive affirmation for any company, but evidently, Mason didn't need such affirmation. He even bypassed her and walked straight out of the hospital.
Brielle had never encountered someone so impervious. Dorsey International had taken the initiative to offer an investment, and it was one thing to refuse, but to show such aversion was another. Mason got into a taxi, and Brielle had no choice but to follow. "Mr. Mason."
Mason raised his hand to his temple, clearly not expecting her to follow. "I'm off to a class reunion. Are you sure you want to come along?"
Brielle pursed her lips, wary of losing this opportunity, not knowing when she'd get another chance to speak with him. "After the reunion, could you spare me a few minutes, Mr. Mason?"
Mason gave her a serious look, "Ms. Brielle, can you speak for Dorsey International?"
"Yes, anything I agree to in our conversation will definitely be in the contract."
Mason glanced at her face, then seemed to give up resisting. "Then attend the reunion as my date, and I'll give you ten minutes afterward." It wasn't that Mason particularly disliked Brielle: in fact, he admired her persistence.
Brielle nodded in agreement, relieved to have secured some time. Mason, however, stared at the ointment she was clutching, his ears reddening in an instant. "Aren't you going to put that thing in your bag?"
Brielle had been so focused on discussing a partnership that she had completely forgotten she had just come from the gynecologist. Following his gaze to her hand, the shape of the medical. product was too suggestive, and she felt embarrassed having held it during their entire conversation.
She quickly stowed it away in her bag, as if trying to release heat from every pore in her body.
Mason also felt awkward and opened the taxi window. "The reunion I'm attending is with high. school classmates. If you've been around Beaconsfield, you might know some people there." Chapter 223.
Brielle thought he was just trying to ease the tension, but as they arrived, and she saw the Dorsey Hotel a bad feeling washed over her.
Mason opened the door to the hotel and greeted everyone with a smile, "Sorry I'm late."
The chatter among the people in the private room paused for a moment when they saw him and then continued.
Brielle could tell in just a glance that Mason wasn't popular among this crowd. As they got closer and she saw the woman basking in everyone's attention, Brielle's expression soured. It was Tessa Rowland. Everyone knew Tessa's status. From the moment she stepped into the room, they couldn't wait to put her on a pedestal. And Tessa was accustomed to such flattery, not showing the slightest embarrassment. That was until she saw Brielle, and her smile slowly drooped. "Brielle?" Her tone carried a hint of disdain before she looked away.
Behind her stood Sophia, acting like a handmaiden, pouring water for Tessa and looking at Brielle as if her gaze was poisoned. Brielle hadn't expected to encounter them here; if she had known, she would have waited outside.
Sophia's look also made her very uneasy, as if the Sophia she was facing now was very different from the one she had known. The others, sensing some history between Tessa and Mason's guest, began to inquire.
"Mason, who is this? Your girlfriend?"
"I've never heard about Mason getting close to anyone."
Mason pulled out a chair for Brielle, "A friend."
As soon as he finished speaking, Tessa let out a light laugh, "A friend or something more intimate? Ms. Brielle's reputation is quite the mess, isn't it?"
###Chapter 224
Chapter 224
The disdain in the room was almost palpable as eyes rolled and whispers grew louder. Brielle, unfazed, gracefully took her seat on the chair Mason had pulled out for her. "Ms. Tessa's reputation isn't any better than mine. Last I saw her, she was leaving a hotel with not one, but two gentlemen. Seems you're quite the free spirit yourself.
She spoke with a straight face, picked up her cup of water from the table for a sip, and casually offered Mason a cup as well.
A hint of a smirk tugged at Mason's lips. He'd seen Brielle's live streams before; it was only by chance, but the fact that she could hold her own with Mr. Hartley was no small feat. When Brielle first struck up a conversation with him, he didn't respond, even contemplating feigning ignorance of her, but her persistence piqued his interest.
Mason and Tessa were classmates back in high school. Tessa was often absent due to her frail health. Yet, wherever she was, she seemed to be the center of attention. Everyone tiptoed around her, lest they be blamed if her health took a turn for the worse.
Mason didn't care for Tessa. Even though she hadn't said a word and merely basked in the adoration and caution of those around her, the vibe she gave off was unsettling. Those who rallied behind her flourished; those who went against her met their doom. So even years after graduation, when they all gathered again, people still instinctively sought Tessa's favor.
But Brielle was different. At least, she was the first person bold enough to be so unrestrained in front of Tessa.
Tessa's'eyes bulged in disbelief. Her face turned pale with rage, her chest heaving, "What did you say?"
Sophia, standing behind her, patted her back soothingly, "Tessa, don't get worked up. Please yake your medication first." She tenderly offered the medication, but Tessa slapped it away. No one had ever seen Tessa this furious. Her pale complexion was now flushed as she glared at Brielle.
Sophia, pushed aside, took a step back, and in a spot hidden from the others, her lips curled into a subtle grin. She would love nothing more than for Brielle to push Tessa over the edge. today. The Rowland family would never forgive Brielle, and neither would Andrew. Even if Andrew did have a fling with that wretch Aubree, he truly doted on Tessa. Brielle messing with Tessa was akin to courting death. Brielle raised an eyebrow, noting Tessa's teetering composure, and chuckled softly. "I'm merely giving back what's been dished out to me, Ms. Tessa. You spread rumors about my private life in public, so why shouldn't I return the favor? Surely, what's good for the goose is good for the gander."
The others, unaccustomed to such a blatant lack of deference to Tessa, saw an opportunity to curry favor with her.
14:22
Chapter 224
"How dare you, woman? Do you know who she is? She's a lady of the Rowland family."
"Mason, next time you bring a friend, at least bring someone who fits in, alright? We can do without the embarrassment from the likes of her."
Mason pretended to be engrossed in his tea, "My apologies, I'm not really that close with Ms. Brielle."
He distanced himself cleanly. Brielle glanced at him, not realizing until then the extent of Mason's cunning.
Hearing his words, the others couldn't very well continue to berate Mason, so they redirected their fire at Brielle.
"Apologize to Tessa! If she suffers because of you, can you bear the responsibility?"
Tessa did look terribly unwell, as if she might faint at any moment. Normally, at such moments. those who had upset her would be thrown into a panic. Her illness sometimes served as her
shield.
Brielle just sat there, casually lifting her gaze to Tessa. "If I had a condition like Ms. Tessa's, I'd stay home and take care of my body, rather than going to great lengths to show up at a gathering. Wouldn't want to risk an incident, right, Ms. Tessa?"
Tessa struggled to breathe, her nails digging into her palms, "You... you bitch."
As soon as she spat out the words, she slumped back into her chair, clutching her chest in
agony.
Sophia, who could have quickly taken out the medication, instead just stood by Tessa, holding her shoulder, "Tessa, don't be upset, I'll get you to the hospital." Triumph shone in her eyes. knowing Brielle had stirred up trouble.
Brielle frowned, seeing right through Sophia's ploy. "Give her the medicine. What good does holding her do?"
Sophia's face froze, and with a pitiful look, she scanned the room. "The medicine is gone. That was the last of it."
###Chapter 225
Chapter 225
Brielle rolled her eyes internally. Just moments ago, Sophia had taken out several bottles of medication, and now she was blatantly lying through her teeth.
The others were petrified, Someone was frantically dialing for an ambulance while cursing Brielle under their breath, Chaos reigned for a moment, and Tessa's gaze was fixed on Brielle with disbelief. She refused to accept that Brielle wasn't scared.
She absolutely loathed it when someone made a mockery of her health. That was her red line. Today, Tessa was determined to make Brielle pay.
Tessa wasn't anywhere close to fainting, but to strike fear into Brielle, she feigned losing consciousness. Sophia and the other classmates hurried to help Tessa out the door, casting malevolent glances at Brielle on their way out. "I'd like to see you wriggle your way out of this one," Sophia sneered.
Brielle remained silent. In less than twenty minutes, the private room was left with just her and Mason-an outcome she hadn't anticipated.
Mason, ever so collected, served her a bowl of soup and teased, "Congrats, Ms. Brielle, on a
victorious first battle."
Brielle furrowed her brows. "Why do I get the feeling she was faking it?"
"Probably was. It's not the first time she's pulled a stunt like this."
Brielle was taken aback. After all, Tessa was born with a silver spoon in her mouth and protected every step of the way by Andrew. Was all this really necessary?
Mason twirled the glass in his hand, his voice nonchalant. "In high school, there was this girl who did well academically, our class rep. She once pressed Tessa for homework. That girl was a bookworm, not the type to butter up Tessa like the others did, and Tessa had it out for her from the start. Plus, that girl was quite the looker-had a bunch of guys in our class crushing on her-which made her a thorn in Tessa's side."
As he rotated the glass, Mason continued, "When she pressed for homework, Tessa collapsed. The whole class turned on the girl, and the Rowland family intervened, forcing her to withdraw from school. Within a week, she jumped off the tallest building on campus. Her mother fainted from grief when she came to identify the body."
Brielle had not expected Tessa to have such a dark history and felt a tightness in her chest. "Didn't the Rowland family pay any compensation?"
Mason chuckled dryly, setting down his glass, "Not a dime. Instead, they took the girl's mother to court and had her fined fifty thousand for emotional damages."
What kind of world was this? Brielle felt sick just hearing about it.
Mason casually continued eating, seemingly accustomed to such stories.
14:22
Chapter 225
"That girl's family had always struggled. Her father was paralyzed from a fall, and they were all pinning their hopes on her getting into a good university. Fifty thousand means nothing to the Rowland family, but it was everything to hers."
Brielle wanted to ask how they were doing now but feared the answer would only add to her
worries.
Mason pushed a plate closer to her, "Ms. Brielle, do you know why I despise Dorsey International?"
Brielle shook her head. She was indeed curious, but Mason wasn't obligated to explain. She'd never asked outright.
Mason appraised her for a long moment before speaking in a hoarse voice, "My dad, his name was Everett."
The cup in Brielle's hand fell to the ground, and she was shocked as if struck by a bolt of lightning.
Seeing her reaction, Mason guessed she might have heard about Everett's ordeal. "My father was a brilliant pianist, internationally acclaimed, and he had a lovely, loving girlfriend. But then Victoria from the Dorsey family set her sights on him. She tried everything to harm his girlfriend, who miraculously survived every attempt. When Victoria ended up violated by someone else, the Dorsey family blamed my father, forcing him into a marriage with Victoria. Tell me, how are the Dorseys any different from the Rowlands?"
"Ms. Brielle, are you still interested in discussing a partnership on behalf of Dorsey International?"
###Chapter 226
Chapter 226
Brielle was at a loss for words, finally understanding why Mason had started by talking about the class representative - it was all to make her step into those shoes and experience that sense of powerlessness. So, when it came to dealing with the Dorsey family, she could see things without any rose-colored glasses.
This collaboration was going nowhere. Even if she could use her professional skills to persuade Mason, her conscience would suffer for it.
Brielle forced a smile, "Let's drop it, but Mr. Mason, are you really Everett's flesh and blood?"
Mason nodded, "When my mom was forced to leave, she was already pregnant with me. She begged Michael on her knees to stay by my dad's side, but Michael was ruthless. He sent her abroad and had her watched, so my dad couldn't find her. I don't even know if he ever looked, considering the Dorsey family's vast empire who wouldn't be dazzled by such splendor? I haven't contacted him in all these years. He might not even know he has a son."
A self-mocking smirk crossed Mason's face as he poured Brielle a drink. "If you ever meet him, Ms. Brielle, could you ask him for me how he's been?"
Brielle's nose tingled, and she felt an unexpected urge to cry. A family that should have been happy, torn apart for years because of the Dorsey family. No wonder Mason was so repulsed when he found out she represented Dorsey International. But then, his willingness to talk to her showed he was a man of exceptional upbringing. Mason himself was the picture of youthful charm, looking every bit the energetic college student.
"Sure, if'I ever have the chance to meet Everett, I'll pass on your message."
Mason looked down at his glass, lost in thought, "Yeah."
Brielle stood up, intending to leave, when he said, "Picking a fight with Tessa, that's bold. The Rowland family will be knocking on your door soon."
Mason then stood up and went to settle the bill, "I'll drive you home. Where to?"
"Pearl Estate."
Mason gave her a surprised glance, "You make that much at Dorsey International?"
Brielle couldn't very well say it was Max who bought it, so she brushed it off. As they reached the hotel lobby, she heard someone calling her name.
"Brielle!"
She stiffened, turning around in disbelief, only to see Tiffanie, arms covered in tattoos, swinging a purse and sucking on a lollipop, waving at her from nearby.
Brielle hadn't expected to run into Tiffanie here. Seemed like her grounding had ended. Then, remembering Mason was by her side, she figured this was about to turn into a battlefield. Chapter 226
One, the son of Everett with another woman; the other, the daughter Victoria was forced to have - a generational feud indeed.
Tiffanie strode up, her eyes lighting up at the sight of Mason. "Brielle, look at you, keeping a pretty boy behind my back and Maxie's."
Tiffanie's blunt comment was scandalously shocking. Brielle hurried to explain, but Tiffanie had already grabbed Mason's chin. "Got to admit, the pretty boy is quite a looker, Brielle. You've got good taste, though not as good as Maxie. Where did you pick him up? Tequila Sunset? I want to snag one too."
Mason frowned, trying to push Tiffanie's hand away, but she skillfully slid her palm down, giving his waist a squeeze. His face darkened instantly. "Please, show some respect."
Having spent years abroad and at odds with the Dorsey family, Mason hadn't kept up with their affairs and had no idea Victoria had a daughter. And Tiffanie had no clue Everett had a son out there. The only one in the know was Brielle.
Feeling incredibly awkward, Brielle tried to remove Tiffanie's hand, but Tiffanie seemed quite taken with Mason's looks, persistently asking where Brielle had found him. Plus, the fact they were seen at a Dorsey International hotel made things look all the more suspect.
Mason looked even more outraged, especially after seeing Tiffanie's provocative outfit and her expert flirtation skills, and finally snapped, "Let go.
Tiffanie's hand stung, and she quickly blew on it in disbelief, staring at Mason.
Taking a deep breath, Mason turned to Brielle, "Let's go, I'll take you home."
Brielle wished she could vanish on the spot, especially as Tiffanie blurted out even more brazenly. "Have you two done the deed yet?" Chapter 227
###Chapter 227
Chapter 227
Brielle was utterly baffled, and Mason even more so. She desperately wanted to spill the beans right there, to let each of them know who the other was, but Tiffanie grabbed Mason's hand with a firm grip, pulled a card from her purse, and slid it over.
"I meant it when I said I liked your look. Why the long face, big guy? Brielle, she's Maxie's girl, hands off. Stick with me, and you'll live the sweet life.
Brielle opened her mouth to speak but ultimately said nothing.
Instead, Mason seemed galvanized by the card, looking at Brielle, "Ms. Brielle, you should head
out."
Brielle wanted to interject, but Tiffanie's stare was unyielding, clearly signaling that if Brielle didn't leave, they were no longer friends. With a heavy heart and frequent backward glances, Brielle made her exit. Technically speaking, there was no blood relation between the two, but their respective identities were enough to make each other's skin crawl.
Once in her car, Brielle felt the need to inform Tiffanie about the situation and texted her, but Tiffanie didn't respond, and Brielle was left wondering what had become of them.
Stepping out at the entrance of her neighborhood, Brielle noticed several luxury cars parked, turning heads. She took a closer look and was about to enter when a group of bodyguards emerged from a car and approached her.
Before she could react, they forcefully grabbed her shoulders. "Ms. Brielle, we're with the Rowland family's security. We need an explanation for the malicious harm you've caused our young miss." Brielle's brow furrowed, feeling as though her shoulders were about to be crushed. She had anticipated the Rowland family might retaliate, but not this swiftly. And the lead car's doors remained closed, leaving her to wonder who was inside.
Brielle bit her lip, struggling briefly. "By what right are you detaining me? Do you have any evidence that I've harmed Tessa?"
The bodyguards ignored her protest, pushing her towards the car, "The Rowland family has decreed that should anything befall the young miss, Ms. Brielle, you will pay the price."
Brielle ceased her struggle, surrounded by five fancy rides, each seating four, with a total of twenty bodyguards-not counting the one in the lead car. The Rowland family's show of force was like mobilizing to capture a traitor.
Once in the car, Brielle's wrists were shackled with cold cuffs. She chuckled. "Since when does the Rowland family perform police duties?"
The bodyguards felt she was incredibly naive. In their world, powerful families could do as they pleased, untouchable by the likes of common folk. No one answered her.
Chapter 227
Meanwhile, in the front car, Andrew twiddled with his phone. He had stayed put, curious about the Rowland family's intentions for Brielle.
Now that they had taken her, he debated whether to inform Max. Max's true feelings for Brielle were a mystery. If he wasn't serious, she might not make it out alive from the Rowland family's clutches. After some thought, Andrew texted Max, asking for his location.
Max was in a foul mood that evening, joining Kenzo for a drink at his spacious villa, where Kenzo, an artist with a wide social circle, had stashed away an impressive collection of fine liquors. Members of other influential families, including Zaiden from the Rowland family and Sammuel from the Hatfield family, were present.
In this upper-crust gathering, Kenzo's popularity was evident as everyone vied for a hint about his next project, knowing his scripts could rake in millions.
As Kenzo entertained his guests, Max sat in solitude in a corner, nursing a drink, lost in thought until Andrew strode in and took a seat across from him.
They drank silently for a moment before Andrew ventured, "I heard you bought some land from the Hatfield family. What's your plan with that lot?"
The property was out in the suburbs, and any construction would typically require a bidding process. Max had signed a contract with no bid in sight, as if he had bought it just for kicks. "Brielle needs it, and I can provide," was all Max replied.
Chapter 228
###Chapter 228
Chapter 228
Andrew felt a pang in his chest. Aubree was also a woman he kept. Although he was known for his generosity, the idea of buying real estate was still a bridge too far.
"So, I heard from Kenzo that you bought that house?" he asked.
"Is there a problem?" Max's reply was nonchalant, but his next words nearly sent Andrew through the roof. "Money is just a series of numbers to me. If she likes it, then it's hers."
Andrew tightly gripped the wine glass, even considering raising his hand to test Max's forehead to see if he had a fever. Was this guy for real? Did he not realize how absurd he sounded? Was this the same Max he knew?
Andrew felt a tightness in his chest, but the thought of Brielle deliberately provoking Tessa made it hard for him to swallow his pride. Even if Max wanted to protect someone, he thought. Brielle should first get a taste of hardship with the Rowlands. He could always play dumb about it later. So, he took a sip of his drink and decided not to tell Max that Brielle had been taken to the Rowlands.
Instead, he sent a message their way: [Mess with her if you must, but leave her breathing.]
But just because he didn't spill the beans didn't mean no one else would.
Across town in the lobby of the Dorsey Hotel, Mason watched with an icy gaze as Tiffanie approached him again and again. "Brielle just made Tessa pass out in anger. The Rowlands are going to come after her, and since you're her friend, you should probably do something about it, right?"
Tiffanie's smile froze, her eyes widening in disbelief. "Tessa?! Oh no."
She had warned Brielle before: of all the ladies in Beaconsfield, Alivia and Tessa were the ones
to steer clear of.
Seeing Tiffanie's reaction, Mason knew she was aware of who Tessa was and the consequences of crossing her. "Yeah, that's right. Tessa, out cold thanks to Brielle."
Tiffanie, sweating bullets, seized the opportunity to grab Mason's wrist, while frantically dialing. Max on her phone. Everybody knew Tessa was the Rowlands' darling. If something truly went wrong, Brielle wouldn't have enough lives to pay the debt. With the Rowlands' reputation, would they let her off the hook?
Every second waiting for the call to connect was torture for Tiffanie. When there was no answer, she quickly called Brielle to make sure she was safe, but Brielle's phone went straight to voicemail. A bad feeling creeping in, Tiffanie dialed Max again, desperation in her taps.
Max, meanwhile, was still at the Kenzo residence, noticing it was getting late and thinking about heading home. But Kenzo stopped him, suggesting they talk on the terrace. Chapter 228
Max had already ditched his suit jacket, leaving it with his phone on the sofa, and followed Kenzo outside.
Kenzo, sleeve rolled up to reveal a pale, delicate wrist, handed Max a cigarette. They rarely smoked, but neither would decline the occasional drag.
Max lit up, his expression indifferent. "What's on your mind?"
Kenzo, with a wry smile, knew that to Max, his engagement with Alivia was only a business. merger. But to Alivia, it was her heart's desire. She considered Max her possession, and anyone who tried to get in the way would pay a price.
Kenzo's gaze drifted through the glass doors to where Andrew was tampering with Max's. phone. He considered warning Max but held his tongue.
Unaware of the unfolding drama, Max took a drag. "If I decide on who I want, I'll make it clear to
Alivia."
"And how will you decide?" Kenzo asked. How could a man who didn't know love understand about this intangible concept?
A flicker of frustration crossed Max's face. He could negotiate business deals, trade currencies with ease, but understanding his feelings for a woman was uncharted territory.
Inside, Andrew had already answered the phone, Tiffanie's voice coming through urgently.
"Maxie, you need to call Brielle. I can't get through to her, and I heard she's made Tessa pass out. If it's true, the Rowlands won't let it slide, and that jerk Andrew won't either. You have to do something-fast." Andrew, that jerk? Was that what Tiffanie called him behind his back?
###Chapter 229
Chapter 229
Andrew's face darkened in an instant, and he spoke with a chilling tone. "What did you say?"
It was then that Tiffanie realized she wasn't speaking to Max, but to Andrew. She swiftly thought to hang up, but considering Brielle's situation, she knew she couldn't afford any delays.
"Aren't you? If you weren't backing Tessa, would she be so bold? I'm telling you, if anything happens to Brielle, Maxie won't let you off the hook."
Andrew felt like his chest was about to explode, his teeth clenched tightly, "Tiffanie, who do you think you're talking to?"
"I'm not afraid of you like everyone else. Pass the phone to Maxie. I need to discuss Brielle's matter with him."
But Andrew hung up abruptly, leaving her with a headache from the frustration. Tiffanie tried to call again only to find she had been blocked. A sharp glint passed through her eyes. This Andrew, he had crossed the line.
She then called Patrick, succinctly conveying the possibility that Brielle was having troubles. with the Rowlands. Patrick didn't dare delay and immediately contacted Max. By this time, Max had already come back from the balcony, his phone gripped tightly in his hand. And right on cue, Patrick's call came through.
"Mr. Dorsey. Tiffanie reports that Ms. Brielle upset Tessa and Tessa passed out, and now Ms. Brielle's phone is unreachable. I've already had someone trace Ms. Brielle's cell, but the signal is being jammed." Max's brow furrowed deeply, and he instantly turned toward Andrew.
Andrew was casually leaning back, legs crossed. Noticing Max's gaze, he looked up with a smirk.
"Andrew, is Brielle with the Rowlands?"
Andrew raised an eyebrow, leaning back further, "Yes, she must have gone through a round of punishment by now."
The moment his words fell, Max grasped the collar of his shirt. Their distance closed abruptly. and it was the first time Andrew had been treated this way by Max, the air between them growing thin.
The other heirs in the vicinity had never seen the two in such a tense stand-off. Everyone knew how close they were, so what was happening now?
Kenzo quickly stepped forward, placing a hand on Max's wrist. "Max, let's talk this out."
Max's gaze was
icy as he released Andrew's collar and strode out the door. Andrew adjusted his collar and followed.
Chapter 229
Kenzo, seeing things escalate, quickly tried to ease the tension with a smile to the others. "Everyone, please, let's stay calm. I'll go up and check on them."
In the presence of these three big shots, the others didn't dare to speak up.
Kenzo saw Max getting into his car, with Andrew following suit in his own vehicle. After a moment's thought, Kenzo tapped on Max's window, but Max floored the accelerator, leaving Kenzo in a cloud of exhaust.
Standing still, Kenzo then turned to knock on Andrew's window. The window rolled down, revealing Andrew's frosty face, "What?" His tone was unfriendly; he was clearly irate.
Kenzo couldn't help but chuckle as he opened the door and slid into the passenger seat. "Your guys are grown men, still acting like kids throwing tantrums?"
Andrew gripped the steering wheel, unable to hold back his complaints. "Wasn't it him who threw a fit first? He himself said he doesn't like Brielle, so what's wrong with teaching her a lesson for deliberately knocking out Tessa today? Plus, it was out of consideration for him that I asked the Rowlands to go easy on her; otherwise, knowing their nature, Brielle would already be dead."
Andrew hit the gas, heading towards the Rowland estate. "Kenzo, you know Tessa is my life. Today she was rushed to the ER, and I couldn't even ask the doctors how she's doing. I'm just so afraid that something would happen to him. Her health has always been fragile over the years; sometimes I have nightmares that she's suddenly gone. Brielle knew her condition and still pulled this stunt. What does she take the Rowlands for, and what does she take me for? Without Max backing her, she wouldn't dare be so reckless."
The more Andrew talked, the angrier he got, his eyes flashing sharply. "She wants to use Max to break into our circle, but in the end, she's just a clown."
Chapter 230
###Chapter 230
Chapter 230
Kenzo sat idly by, watching as a frosty expression took hold of Andrew's face, a fleeting glimmer of something indefinable darting through his eyes.
Nobody could ever read Kenzo; of all his friends, he was the most even-tempered but also the most inscrutable. Max was as cold as ice, Andrew as fiery as a blazing hearth, and Kenzo? He was the deep, unfathomable ocean.
The shallows were gentle, with hints of sun-kissed beaches and carefree days, while the depths were dark and impenetrable, secrets lurking in the abyss.
Their other friend, he was the blade-sharp and sheathed, ready to cut deep at a moment's notice. Alas, he was still enlisted, his return eagerly awaited.
Kenzo tilted his head down, slowly straightening the cuffs of his sleeves with deliberate nonchalance. "You really don't like Brielle?" Kenzo inquired, the words slipping out smooth as
silk.
Andrew scoffed at the question. "Of course, I don't. Women like her, with her background, they only latch onto a guy like Max with one thing in mind. Ever heard of 'targeted hunting"? They make an effort to mimic what he likes, deceive him, win his heart, and once they've got what they want, poof-they vanish without a trace. Today's women are too clever by half."
In Andrew's eyes, Brielle was worthless.
The distance from the Rowland estate was a good hour's drive, and with the present congestion, he didn't believe Max could make it in under two hours. In fact, he quite relished the thought that the Rowland clan might have already done away with Brielle. He regretted the orders he had given them because that meant Brielle was likely still breathing.
The Rowland family had no intention of sparing Brielle's life. Once Tessa woke up, they would have her come and dole out the punishment herself, play with her prey until she was satiated. As for Brielle, she was nothing more than a fake heiress, utterly insignificant.
Sophia, who knew the dynamics between Brielle and Max all too well wasn't going to be the one to expose this charade. After all, if she did, the Rowlands would have to tread carefully around Max, not daring to lay a finger on Brielle. This time Sophia played it smart, realizing that using others as pawns was the most advantageous strategy-a lesson learned from William, whose directives were gospel to her.
Sophia watched as Brielle was tied to a chair, surrounded by several bodyguards, all awaiting Tessa's awakening. Through the throng, Sophia's gaze met Brielle's, if only for a moment. Brielle thought Sophia would dismiss the guards and then torment her personally. But no such luck. Sophia just flashed her a strange, unsettling smile before walking away.
There's a saying: it's the silent dogs that bite the hardest.
After leaving the scene, Sophia headed to a hospital a few hundred meters from the Rowland
14:23 m
Chapter 230
estate. Tessa had been admitted that very night, and for the sake of a convincing performance. she instructed the doctors to play along once she was in the emergency room. Her health wasn't actually in jeopardy: she couldn't have the doctors actually use their tools on her. So, under her menacing orders, the doctors idled away in the emergency room, doing nothing. After an hour, Tessa was finally wheeled out, looking pale and weak, as if she'd been through an ordeal.
The doctors looked miserable. It was their first time being coerced into such a farce, all while real patients waited for treatment. Their faces bore resentment, but out of fear of Tessa's threats, they remained silent.
Once in the hospital room, Tessa slowly opened her eyes and coughed weakly. "You do know what to say if anyone asks, right?" Her frailty wasn't entirely feigned, every smile and frown seemed to drain her. "Yes, Ms. Tessa," they replied.
Thirsty, Tessa turned towards the water dispenser. "Would you mind getting me a glass of water?"
Normally, the attending physician wouldn't cater to such requests-that was the nurses' job. But Tessa's commanding attitude was so natural, even demanding that the attending doctor wait here until the Rowland family arrived.
"Ms. Tessa, I have other patients needing surgery," the doctor protested.
Tessa frowned. "Are they more important than me? When the Rowlands arrive, you'll need to explain my condition, won't you?"
###Chapter 231
Chapter 231
The doctor said nothing, feeling compelled to stay put.
Guards always kept vigil in the hallway, and the Rowland family arrived swiftly, with Tessa's dad, Austin, being the first to show.
Austin had secured his standing in the Rowland family thanks to his daughter, Tessa. Hearing of her plight, he had rushed over from out of town. "How are you feeling now, darling?" Austin inquired as he approached Tessa's bedside.
Tessa coughed a few times, gesturing for the doctor to update her father. Reluctantly, the doctor complied. "Tessa's condition is quite serious. Had we not acted quickly, I'm afraid... Moving forward, she should avoid crowded places."
Austin's fists clenched in anger. "I heard it was Spencer's ex-fiancée who caused this mess?"
Tessa had always played it smart around her family, never stirring trouble unless someone else foolishly provoked her.
Austin had barely finished speaking when Sophia burst into the room. "It was indeed Brielle. I was scared to death, Tessa."
Austin rose to his feet, his eyes glinting coldly. "Where is that Brielle now?"
Sophia took Tessa's hand, her concern evident. "The Rowlands have taken her in custody. They're waiting for you to recover so you can confront her personally."
Another coughing fit seized Tessa, her cheeks turning a bright red. "Let the bodyguards handle. her for now.
A wry
smile crossed Sophia's face as she sighed. "Tessa, even now, Brielle is smearing your name, claiming she's seen you checking into hotels with men more than once. If that kind of talk reaches Andrew, what will he think?"
Panic gripped Tessa, her fury at Brielle reaching new heights. Austin, too, was livid. Everyone knew Tessa had lived a sheltered life for years. Where would she find the time for such escapades? Brielle was blatantly lying.
Worried about his daughter's well-being. Austin quickly reassured her. "Darling, I'll get you out of here to recuperate at home. As for Brielle, leave her to me. She won't leave the Rowland compound alive." Tessa shared the sentiment. Brielle had crossed a line and would pay the price. "Dad, please make the arrangements. I can't stand the smell of disinfectant here."
Austin hastened to consult the doctor about a possible discharge. The doctor internally rolled his eyes. Tessa was fine to leave.
Eventually, Tessa was taken back to her room within the Rowland family estate. The staff was on edge, scrutinizing every drop of water she drank, fearing another incident.
1/2
142
Chapter 231
Resting in her bed, Tessa inquired about Brielle's situation, Sophia handed her a warm cup of water. "She's still tied up downstairs. What do you plan to do with her? Brielle is quite attractive, and we have plenty of bodyguards. Maybe we could offer them a little 'bonus and let them have their way with her."
na
Since Sophia's ordeal at William's place, she'd wanted Brielle to experience the same hell. Knowing Tessa's true nature, Sophia suggested this with confidence.
Tessa hesitated, worried about Andrew's opinion of her, but Sophia deftly manipulated Tessa's emotions. "You know, there's something I've been hesitant to mention. I was at the Haywood family's party, where
I stirred up some trouble because I learned something - Andrew slept with Aubree. Lillian told me herself. That night, I wanted to stand up for you..."
Tessa had heard this before but didn't believe it. Andrew had always treated her well, and at the Tequila Sunset party, he had sent Aubree off with Mr. Lynch himself. "That's impossible. Lillian must be lying. If Andrew cared for Aubree, he wouldn't have let her entertain other men. Don't talk like this again."
Tessa's tone was firm, but inside, a seed of doubt had been sown. The saying goes, "There's no smoke without fire."
###Chapter 232
Chapter 232
The words stung like a slap to the face. Was everyone in on it? Was she the only one left in the dark>
"Tessa, I just said they slept together, not that Andrew cares about Aubree. It was just a fling."
Tessa's chest heaved violently, and then she heard Sophia continue to stir the pot. "Brielle and Aubree are thick as thieves, and let's just say Brielle's personal life is a bit of a train wreck. Aubree's not far behind, which is probably why she made a move on Andrew. It's the early bird that catches the worm."
"Enough!" Tessa's voice cracked as she threw a pillow across the room, her face flushed with rage. "Send those bodyguards after Brielle! I want her ruined! And then let Aubree know, bait her into coming to the rescue. If she does, the bodyguards get a bonus. I'll personally let Andrew know. I want to see whose side he takes those women, or mine."
Sophia barely contained her glee, nodding submissively. Once she left Tessa's room, she made her way to where Brielle was being held.
Brielle's wrists were chafed red from the iron cuffs suspending her hands above her head. Seeing Sophia enter, Brielle smirked, "What, couldn't resist coming to lecture me yourself?"
Sophia's lips curled into a sneer. "It's not me you need to worry about. Tessa wants to take you down. See those bodyguards outside? She's promised them a feast for dealing with you - wants them to play you to death. I'm just here to give you a heads up. If you manage to come out from under them alive, make sure you know who to blame."
A shiver ran down Brielle's spine, but she faced Sophia calmly, "I'm curious about what happened to you after your kidnapping ordeal."
Sophia's face contorted with rage and she slapped Brielle across the face. The sound echoed in the room as Brielle's head snapped to the side, a metallic taste filling her mouth.
Licking the blood from her lips, she chuckled, "Must have been similar to what I'm about to face. Let me guess, the Dorsey's dirty work, William?"
Sophia's eyes flickered with fear.
Despite her hands being bound, Brielle's words were sharp blades. "William's people had their ways with you, and you're too cowardly to retaliate, so you pin it all on me. Pathetic."
"Shut up! Shut up!" Sophia grabbed a fistful of Brielle's hair, pausing only when Brielle's next words froze her in place. "Why would William abduct you?"
Brielle had bluffed about William to provoke a reaction, but Sophia's outburst confirmed her suspicions. At that time, William must have known about her and Max, so the subsequent events made sense. It was only now that Brielle pieced it together.
Why would William abduct Sophia unless she had something he wanted? And what did William desire most? It's leverage over Max.
1/2
Chapter 232
Max had been untouchable within the pyramid of power, with their relationship being his only weakness.
Did Sophia possess evidence of her affair with Max? In other words, Sophia knew about her and Max.
Brielle's smile was blindingly sarcastic, and Sophia couldn't stand it any longer. She wanted to rip out Brielle's hair in her fury. "You bitch! Didn't I tell you to shut up?"
Pain seemed irrelevant to Brielle. Her physical discomfort was nothing compared to the torment her words inflicted on Sophia, who was shaking as if her bones were being crushed.
Brielle stared defiantly into Sophia's eyes. "You know about Max and me. If I survive this, you'll be my first target. So, Sophia, you better think carefully about how you can save me from this mess."
Brielle spoke coolly, her lips a tight line. "If I don't suffer here, you won't suffer later. Or would you rather trade your life for my disgrace? Sophia, you've lived in Tessa's shadow all your life. Are you really content being her lapdog? William destroyed you and turned you into his puppet. Don't you want to fight back? I can help you."
###Chapter 233
Chapter 233
The words were like a siren's song, her face an icy mask.
Sophia let go of Brielle's hand, her fingertips trembling uncontrollably. "How could William ever be wrong? His treatment of me is justified. All he needs is for me to take you down. As long as I take you down..."
"And after you've dealt with me, what then? What's your prize, Sophia? For heaven's sake, you're a Rowland, aren't you? Has your resolve really crumbled that easily? After just a couple of days of his mind games, have you caught a case of Stockholm Syndrome? Wake up, girl. You're just refusing to face the truth."
Those words struck Sophia like a sledgehammer, mercilessly crushing her. Sophia's pupils dilated slowly, her body felt drained of strength, and she wanted nothing more than to collapse on the floor.
Brielle's words were as sharp as a knife, cutting deep without mercy. "I've heard a story before." Brielle continued, her voice cold. "About a woman who was abused as a little girl. She lied to herself, claiming she liked it, and ended up selling her body. But at twenty-five, she killed herself. She couldn't keep up the lie anymore."
Sophia clung to a nearby chair, her body trembling as she slid down to the floor. Dammit, Brielle, why did she have to be so cruel with her words?
But Sophia had to admit, Brielle was right. She was lying to herself. She couldn't confront William, so she hypnotized herself into believing that all her troubles were because of Brielle. If she could just get revenge on Brielle, everything would be okay.
Brielle had ripped open the darkest secret of her soul, exposing it to the light. Sophia wanted to laugh, and she did, a laugh tinged with madness.
Brielle watched her without a word, slowly closing her eyes. Truth be told, she had no idea if Sophia would actually help her. She was just buying time.
Wasn't Mason in touch with Tiffanie? Knowing she had offended the Rowlands, he would surely find a way to help, wouldn't he? Although Mason seemed quite cunning at the party, Brielle had a feeling he wouldn't abandon her.
And then there was Andrew. He must know what the Rowlands were up to, given his ties to them. If Andrew knew, it was only a matter of time before Max would find out. "Sophia, have you made up your mind?" Brielle asked, her voice steady.
A look of manic hatred flashed in Sophia's eyes, but it quickly settled into a cold calm. "Brielle. what do you think you are to Max? Did he ever explain his dealings with the Barnes family to you? Are you so sure that after being humiliated by the bodyguards, Max will still take your back? That he'll stand up for you, a woman scorned, against his brother's girl and offend the Rowlands? You really think too highly of yourself."
Chapter 233
Sophia was no longer the same person she used to be. Regardless of whom she decided to retaliate against, the experiences she had gone through were real. In her eyes, they all deserved death-William and Brielle alike. They should all go straight to hell.
The chance to push Brielle into the abyss was right in front of her, and she wasn't about to
miss it.
A sinister smile curled her lips. "Think you can talk me into helping you with your clever words? Dream on. You'll get a taste of what those men are like."
With those words, Sophia walked out the door, leaving Brielle to the hungry gazes of the several bodyguards stationed outside. It was as if their eyes were hands, stripping her bare.
Brielle furrowed her brows, sweat slowly tracing its way down her forehead. It wasn't fear that gripped her. If she truly faced what was to come, she wouldn't give up on herself like Sophia had. She would make the Rowlands pay.
For now, she was relieved. The bodyguards hadn't come barging in yet.
###Chapter 234
Chapter 234
She glanced at the handcuffs that bound her wrists and struggled fiercely for a moment. The skin beneath the culls was no longer merely reddened; now it was streaked with blood, yet she seemed impervious to the pain.
Outside the door, the murmurs of the bodyguards continued, while Brielle's sweat fell in heavy droplets to the floor. Suspended like this, her body was in extreme discomfort, her mind taut. with tension. If she screamed and shouted now, it would only play into their hands.
She bit her lip, keeping silent, while internally she counted the minutes.
Ten minutes later, someone pushed the door open-it was Sophia. A stark contrast to her earlier hysteria, Sophia had regained her composure, like a pot of boiling water pushed to its brink.
Brielle looked up, met her gaze, and cracked a smile. "I knew you'd come back."
Sophia crossed her arms over her chest, the resentment in her eyes as evident as ever, but she knew her emotions couldn't touch Brielle in the slightest.
Brielle was a formidable woman. That was Sophia's current conclusion.
"Brielle, what did you think about what I said earlier?"
Brielle blinked away the sting in her eyes, ignoring the other aches in her body. "I didn't think much of it, but I know that if you could bite your tongue with Tessa for so long, you're not a pushover. You value your life, so now that you know I'll go after you once I'm out, you wouldn't just sit by and watch. Either you leave me here forever, or you help me, right?"
Sophia realized she had underestimated Brielle. With such a sharp mind, no wonder she topped the exams and excelled at Beaconsfield College.
Sophia was a pragmatic person. Just as she realized she couldn't compete with Tessa, she became Tessa's little henchman, running errands for her. Now that she found herself unable to contend with Brielle, she naturally wouldn't go looking for trouble.
"Sophia, I know you'd love to see me dead, but William will come after you because you're weak. Tessa bosses you around for the same reason. Your weakness led to your tragedy, not my existence. Unlike you, if those guards left me with just a breath left in me, I'd use that last breath to get back at those who wronged me, not hypnotize myself into shifting the blame."
Sophia sneered, "You're nothing without Max."
Brielle lowered her head and after a long pause, her smile slowly returned. "You asked me what I think I am to Max. I know I'm nothing, but given his nature, he wouldn't let me be humiliated
by the Rowland family. He'll come for me; it's just a matter of sooner or later."
H
Sophia frowned, then nodded in understanding. "You said you'd help me. How?"
"The Rowland family will never value a side branch like you. Even if Tessa falls, they won't care.
Chapter 234
about you. Your best bet is to strike out on your own. I've come across a company with great potential and I'd like to invite you to be a partner. Interested?"
Money was never an issue for Beaconsfield's rich kids. It was everything else that was at luxury. Brielle was smart. She quickly realized that if she couldn't invest in Mason's company under the name of Dorsey International, why not join as a partner?
Book could write a business legend in a short time; Mason's company could be the next unicorn she'd personally endorsed.
Sophia stood still, as if a revelation had struck her. But she had her doubts. "What if Max abandons you one day? What then?"
Sophia was different from the other women; she had never fallen for anyone. She looked down on those Beaconsfield heirs. She was full of ambition and adept at masquerades.
Brielle chose her, not for anything else but because Sophia had survived the cunning William. Even if she played the part of a naive heiress, she knew the score.
"I don't care if he abandons me. Max protects me now, and later, I'll protect myself. I've never imagined a future with him."
Her lucidity dispelled the last of Sophia's hesitations. She didn't stop loathing Brielle. She hated. her still, but she realized that since she couldn't change the sordid past, she might as well fight for a hopeful future.
"I just told the guards at the door that Tessa has new instructions and to wait. But I can't be sure Tessa won't come to torment you herself. You better pray Max gets here before that happens."
###Chapter 235
Chapter 235
Sophia fished out a key from her pocket, intending to release Brielle, but Brielle refused. "When Tessa comes over here, it's not going to look good if she sees me sitting here all comfy."
Sophia didn't reply, her silence thick as she unlocked the handcuffs, Brielle raised an eyebrow but didn't . As Brielle was gently let down, the numbness and panic of suspension slowly subsided, and she sat aside, gasping for air. The blood from her wrists dripped down her fingertips onto the floor, and only then did the pain register.
A knock came from the door, followed by the bodyguard's voice. "Miss Sophia, could you step out? Miss Tessa's getting impatient." It seemed Tessa was itching for the bodyguards to take action, unable to wait another second.
Sophia's brow furrowed, glancing at Brielle before stepping to the door and cracking it open. Once outside, she closed the door behind her. "What does Tessa want you to do?"
The bodyguards' faces immediately took on a lecherous look, with professional video cameras in hand. Sophia instantly knew Tessa intended to capture the scene personally, to show to all of Beaconsfield. Tessa never spared those who crossed her.
"Miss Sophia, the next part might be a bit much. Maybe you should leave and come back after we've finished our task?" Everyone knew Sophia was on good terms with Tessa, so they dared not offend her. Sophia bit her lip, knowing she could stall for maybe another half hour. If Max didn't show up, Brielle had no chance of escaping the night's fate. She turned back, telling the bodyguards, "Just wait. I've got a few words for Brielle."
The bodyguards nodded, obedient to her command.
Sophia re-entered the room to find Brielle with her eyes closed, resting in the chair, and she couldn't help but snort. "You're pretty calm. I can only delay for so long. If no one comes for you, you know what's coming."
Despite the fresh handprints on her cheeks, Brielle's demeanor remained unspoiled. She didn't even open her eyes, regulating her breathing.
She wasn't rushed, but Sophia was. "Is what you said earlier just a ploy? Are you using me to buy time? If he doesn't come tonight, it's not just you who's in trouble. Tessa will have my head too. You've seen what she can do, right?"
Brielle's eyes slowly opened, her tone nonchalant. "He'll come."
Seeing Brielle so composed, Sophia calmed down too.
Time ticked away, and the bodyguards knocked again. The second time there was a knock, Sophia heard Tessa's voice. Brielle raised an eyebrow, "She's come herself?" Sophia sneered, "She wasn't actually unconscious. Why couldn't she come in person? I might be doomed because of you this time."
1/2
Chapter 235
Just as she finished speaking, Brielle collapsed onto the floor. "Just say you roughed me up. As long as it's hurting me. Tessa will be pleased.
The door burst open from the outside. Tessa entered, her face pale, spotting Brielle on the ground and Sophia glaring furiously. She chuckled, "Oh, Sophia, why so impatient?"
Sophia had to play along, staring daggers at Brielle. "Tessa, you know how much I despise her." Tessa soothingly grasped her hand, giving it a pat. "There, there, let's not delay. Everyone's eager outside. The little flesh wound you've given her will only hurt for a few days, but what's coming next will last a lifetime."
###Chapter 236
Chapter 236
Ever since their last indirect confrontation, Brielle had pegged Tessa as the epitome of selfishness. Now, her suspicions had solidified into certainty: Tessa was downright malicious at heart. Yet, for some unfathomable reason, Tessa had a flock of admirers singing her praises. Brielle wanted to buy some time, and she knew just how to needle Tessa into taking matters into her own hands. Tilting her head back with a challenging glare, Brielle taunted. "Ms. Tessa, do you reckon Andrew would still treat you like a delicate, harmless bunny if he knew about your little schemes?"
Her words were venomous, each sentence striking Tessa's sore spots with precision. As expected, Tessa's complexion shifted to a shade of fury, her foot crashing down on Brielle's palm with a grinding pressure.
Sweat trickled down Brielle's forehead in large drops, but she didn't utter a sound, continuing to provoke. "I heard you bullied the class rep back in high school to the point of no return. Does Andrew know about that little episode?"
Tessa felt a vein throb on her forehead, her heart pounding with anger. Drawing in deep breaths, she noted that even half-splayed on the ground, disheveled as she was, Brielle's demeanor didn't waver. Her pride, even if burnt to ashes, would leave embers still glowing.
Impressive. Tessa thought bitterly. She clapped her hands, signaling the guards looming outside to step in. "Brielle, I'm actually curious to see how long you can keep up this tough
act."
Silence was Brielle's response. She had bought as much time as she could. If Max didn't arrive soon, then perhaps this was a twist of fate she couldn't avoid.
"Let's put some muscle into it, finish her off, and make sure you get it all on video." Tessa instructed coldly, rubbing her aching chest before turning to Sophia.
"Sophia, let's go. There's no need to witness this."
Sophia cast a pitying glance at Brielle but remained silent.
Just as the gua were about to I their hands on Brielle's neck; there was a knock at the door. It was Austin. "Tessa, a member of the Rowland family has arrived. You should step out. for a moment." Tessa was taken aback. Who could possibly show up at such a critical moment? Could it be Andrew? Was he coming to Brielle's aid?
The mere thought made her legs wobble, nearly causing her to faint then and there. Thankfully, Sophia was there to catch her.
At the door, Austin was growing anxious. He could see a group of people approaching and knocked again, more urgently this time. "Tessa, Max has unexpectedly shown up at the Chapter 236
Rowland estate, claiming he's here for Brielle. You should go lie down. Let me handle this."
Max?
At the mention of his name, Brielle exhaled a sigh of relief, her eyes welling with tears. It was a close call.
Tessa, on the other hand, froze, thinking she was hallucinating. Even if the Dorsey family was to send someone, it should have been Brielle's former fiancé. Why would it be Max? Austin, with a face flushed from urgency, opened the door. "Tessa, you should rest. We'll
handle this."
Knowing Max was not someone to trifle with, Tessa allowed Sophia to help her back to her room via a side path.
As soon as Tessa left, Max arrived.
Austin wiped the sweat from his brow. "Max, Brielle's inside. As you know, she's stirred up quite a mess, and Tessa's still bedridden from the shock."
Max's expression was stern, with Kenzo at his side, while Andrew sat with the Rowland family in the main hall.
Without a word from Max, Kenzo, trying to lighten the mood, offered a smile. "Mr. Austin, why don't you join Andrew? We'll take Brielle with us. She's a friend of mine. I can't just stand by."
The implication was clear: it was Kenzo who had asked for Max's intervention. The events of the night would reflect poorly on both Max and Brielle if word got out. Rushing to the Rowland estate in the dead of night was not something that could easily be concealed. The more uproar it caused, the sooner Brielle would catch the unwanted attention of Michael and the other women who had their eyes on Max. Even if Max wanted to protect her, there was always the chance of an oversight.
Austin blinked, realization dawning on him. It wasn't Max who had come for Brielle, but Kenzo. He breathed a sigh of relief; Kenzo was more approachable than Max.
###Chapter 237
Chapter 237
Max ignored their clamor and barged through the door.
The bodyguards, knowing a member of the Rowland family was present, stood frozen, not daring to make a move. Max was no fool. One look at the scene before him, and he knew the Rowlands were up to something.
"Scram."
The bodyguards stumbled and tumbled their way out, nearly tripping over themselves in haste.
Brielle leaned against a chair, sitting on the floor, her wrist wound glaringly exposed amidst the scattered droplets of blood.
Max felt a jolt tighten in his chest, his breath caught as if he'd hit a mental reef. He rushed to her, cradling her face with trembling hands. Her cheeks were smeared with the prints of slaps, swollen, but her eyes shone like marbles dipped in water.
A sharp hiss of pain escaped Brielle as her brows furrowed together. Max quickly eased his grip, scanning her for other injuries.
Words failed him, his throat as if clogged with an invisible force. This panic was more terrifying than anything he had faced in over two decades.
Seeing the gravity on his face, Brielle felt an inexplicable sense of relief. She was glad he had come. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she whispered, "I'm so tired. Let me rest a bit."
Max's nose tingled with the onset of emotion as he scooped her into his arms and strode out.
Outside, Austin was still in a verbal tussle with Kenzo. He was shocked to see Max emerge. cradling a woman in his arms, treating her with such delicate care. Everyone in Beaconsfield knew Max steered clear of romantic entanglements, but here he was, holding a woman with
such gentleness.
Kenzo, seeing Max's protective stance, quickly intervened. "Brielle's just worn out, Max. Take her away, I'll follow shortly."
His words dis some of Austin's doubts, but Austin was well aware that Brielle held
significant sway with both Kenzo and Max.
As Max carried Brielle away, Kenzo turned to Austin with a smile. "Mr. Austin, let's keep tonight's events under wraps to avoid any unnecessary drama, shall we?"
Austin, eager for discretion, nodded in agreement.
Max had arrived swiftly and left just as quickly, leaving Kenzo and Andrew to deal with the aftermath.
Andrew's mood was sour as he checked on Tessa in her room, finding her still unconscious. His resentment towards Brielle grew, especially knowing his friend sided with her, even at the cost of their relationship
Frustration bubbled within Andrew as he vented to Kenzo. "He's thrown all his principles out the window for Sheller
Kenzo rubbed his temples. "Can't you two sit down and talk this out? The chat's buzzing with rumors about your fallout."
"For Tessard do anything. She's my future wife. But what is Brielle to Max? He's supposed to mary Alivia, is be really turning his back on me for a fleeting fling?"
Andrea, always dramatic, felt his chest might burst. He scoffed. "He only cares now because be can't figure out his own feelings. Haven't you heard? Accessibility is key to addiction. There are more people hooked on cigarettes and alcohol than drugs because they're easier to get. Brielle is like those-too easily obtained, and men never value what comes without effort."
It was a flaw in men's nature.
"Brielle will leam her lesson soon enough."
Kenzo felt a headache coming on. "This is not the time for that. How do you plan to explain this to the Rowland family?"
The Rowlands were still strategizing outside. How could a pawn like Brielle entangle both Kenco and Max? The Rowland family was baffled, and so was Tessa.
Fuming, she was about to trash her room but held back, knowing Andrew was still around. Tessa turned to Sophia. "Did you get the scoop? Who's close to Brielle, Max or Kenzo?"
Sochia had no regrets about teaming up with Brielle and naturally sought to cover for her. "I think it's Kenzo. Remember, I caught them dining together."
Tessa frowned. Whether Kenzo or Max they should side with Andrew, and by extension, with her. Yet here they were, whisking Brielle away, a clear slight to both of them.
"Scchia, I need to make another trip to the hospital tonight. Get my father here to arrange things. I'll fight for another hour. I refuse to be bullied without Andrew stepping in. Sophia's eyes flashed with scorn, but she knew this was Tessa's way. "Alright, Tessa, I'll take
care of it."
###Chapter 238
Chapter 238
Brielle was cradled in Max's arms as they exited the Rowland estate, her head buried in his chest, drawing in a bit of warmth. The night breeze carried a chill, but the sanctuary of his embrace was like a shelter from the storm.
Love could lead one astray, and she feared the fall. Just this once, she'd indulge herself.
Silently, she resolved to rely on him, if only for a moment.
Max gently placed her in the passenger seat and leaned over to buckle her seatbelt. "I'll take you to the hospital."
"It's okay. Aside from a few slaps to the face, I'm fine."
There was a tense shadow in Max's eyes, but his fingers tenderly grazed her cheek. "Who did this?"
It was Sophia who had struck her, but Brielle was a woman of her word. Since Sophia had chosen her as a partner, she couldn't very well turn around and retaliate without mercy. Partnerships were built on trust.
"Let's just say I slapped myself.”
Exhausted, she closed her eyes, feeling the sting on her wrist.
She expected Max to start the car immediately, but in her daze, she heard him call out earnestly, "Brielle."
Blearily opening her eyes, she realized they were already at the hospital. Two doctors tended to her wrist, and she was on the verge of passing out from a raging fever.
Lips parched, a cup of lukewarm water was brought to her. She licked her dry lips, intending to drink, but the fever had sapped all her strength. Something soft touched her lips, and then the water trickled into her mouth.
The man's face was close, and Brielle felt her cheeks grow even hotter, closing her eyes again to escape from this intimacy.
After Max helped her drink, he watched the doctors finish bandaging her up and insert an IV into the back of her hand. Once done, he stepped back, orderly and calm.
Max sat by the bedside, wiping her sweat away with a tissue. Brielle's skin was so delicate, she looked like a porcelain doll broken and discarded. Max still couldn't understand the palpitations he felt upon seeing her, a sensation alien to him, leaving him adrift in confusion.
Dawn brought the first light, and he had not slept all night when his phone rang. Rubbing his aching temples, he saw the call was from overseas, from Alivia. His brow furrowed.
After answering, he placed the phone aside, moistening Brielle's lips with a cotton swab as he inquired about the situation on the other end.
Chapter 238
"Max, your mother's condition has worsened. She collapsed last night and has been calling out for you. I wanted to wait until after the emergency treatment to call, but the doctors suggested I inform the family sooner. Do you want to come over?"
Max felt a jolt in his heart and stood up abruptly, but leaving Brielle alone was not an option, so he called Andrew.
Andrew had spent the night at the Rowland estate and was surprised to receive Max's call. As soon as he picked up, Max asked, "What's Aubree's number?"
Annoyed, Andrew hung up. Within three seconds, he begrudgingly sent the number.
Max called Aubree, asking her to take care of Brielle for a while. After arranging everything, he brushed back Brielle's hair and kissed her forehead before asking Patrick to book a flight.
overseas.
No sooner had Max left than Brielle slowly opened her eyes, gazing blankly at the white ceiling. She had overheard the call from Alivia.
The ties between Alivia and Max were too deep to sever with a single cut. And perhaps Max had never intended to cut them at all.
Brielle sighed, and fatigue soon pulled her back into a deep sleep.
Meanwhile, Alivia, learning that Max would soon leave the country, called Noah. "Noah, remember what you promised me? Take down Brielle within a week
Noah's voice crackled with eagerness as he nodded, "I'm on it. I've got the news already. Brielle's, in the hospital as we speak, vulnerable."
Alivia smiled, "Good. I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do."
###Chapter 239
Chapter 239
Noah was hell-bent on winning Alivia's favor, ready to pull out all the stops to complete his mission. Alivia was the epitome of perfection in his eyes-if only she could reciprocate his feelings.
He hung up the phone, leaped out of bed, and donned a brand-new suit. Clutching a bouquet of roses, he made a beeline for the hospital.
Rumors had been swirling since last night that Brielle had been hospitalized. People claimed to have spotted her in the ward, accompanied by a man.
Noah scoffed at the gossip, thinking that Brielle just couldn't seem to stay away from men.
Arriving at the hospital reception, he stated Brielle's name with confidence. The receptionist gave him a once-over, remembering Max's explicit instructions not to disclose any information about patient Brielle. She offered a polite smile. "I'm sorry, sir, but there's no patient by that name here at the hospital."
Noah frowned, contemplating the accuracy of his intel. "Could you check again, please?"
The nurse made a show of searching once more, returning with the same result.
Noah's expression darkened as he stormed out of the lobby, roses in hand, and dialed his crew. "Find out where Brielle is. I need her location."
Meanwhile, upstairs, Brielle had already awoken, staring blankly out the window. Aubree. carrying a breakfast tray, entered the room and upon seeing the bandages around Brielle's wrist, quickly shut the door behind her. "I heard you knocked Tessa out with your words, and you're still alive to tell the tale. Pretty badass."
Aubree's words were laced with sarcasm, yet her eyes carefully scanned Brielle's body, relieved to see her condition wasn't too bad. "Bri, there's news from the Rowland estate this morning. Tessa's been hospitalized again, and it sounds more serious than last night."
A wry smile tugged at Brielle's lips.
Aubree sat down, spooning soup into her mouth. "I bet the Rowlands won't let this slide. Max. could've left the country anytime, but he chose now, of all times, to leave."
Brielle coughed weakly. "Don't say that. I can't expect his protection forever."
Aubree paused, stirring the porridge before speaking, "You don't like Max?"
"It's not that. It's that I'm afraid to."
Facing a man like Max, anyone would be moved. That Brielle hadn't fallen for him was probably a feat only she could achieve.
Aubree chuckled bitterly. "Bri, you really are different from me. I used to say you'd understand why I endured so much to stay by Andrew's side once you were in my shoes. Seems like you'll
1/2
14:25
Chapter 239
never get there. Come on, eat your soup. Let's forget about men.
Brielle nodded, but before she could finish her meal, the door was kicked open by an enraged Andrew, with a resigned Kenzo trailing behind.
Andrew's gaze was fiery as it landed on Brielle. He strode forward and seized her wrist.
Brielle's wrist was still tender, and his grip caused the wound to burst open, blood seeping through the bandage.
"Brielle! You're coming with me. You owe Tessa an apology at her hospital room door." Andrew was never gentle with women, especially one he despised like Brielle. Kenzo grabbed Andrew's wrist, frowning in disapproval, "Andrew, calm down."
"How can I be calm when Tessa is fighting for her life in the ICU?"
Brielle's face paled with pain as she was nearly pulled off the bed.
"Bang!"
Aubree had seen enough. She dumped the remaining soup over Andrew's head. Silence fell. Andrew instinctively let go of Brielle, feeling the warmth drip down his scalp. He turned to Aubree, his voice dark and menacing after a moment. "Are you looking for
trouble?
Aubree inhaled deeply, shoving him out. "You'd better go check on your fiancée. I'm afraid she might not make it through this one."
With that, Andrew yanked Aubree out of the room.
Brielle attempted to follow but Kenzo held her down. "Let them be. They're both willing players in this mess. You don't need to get involved." "But I'm worried-"
"Brielle, you look worse." Kenzo spoke softly, noticing the bleeding bandage on her wrist. He pressed the call button, signaling for a doctor. Down the corridor, Andrew pushed Aubree into the restroom, locked the door, and plunged his head under cold water.
Once the soup was washed away, he grabbed Aubree by the wrist, pinning her against the sink.
###Chapter 240
Chapter 240
"Aubree, have I been too soft on you?! Are you freaking teaming up with others to mess with me now?
Aubree's back was nearly breaking, but she managed a smirk with a chill, "Your fiancée is lying in bed and you're still here fussing with me?"
That line hit a nerve, and Andrew lost his interest instantly, shoving her away and straightening his clothes.
Aubree thought he was about to explode, but instead, he grabbed her chin. "Aubree, know your place."
Aubree looked down, wondering what place she could possibly have. Wasn't she always just dirt beneath his shoes?
Andrew released her and strode back into Brielle's hospital room.
Brielle's frown deepened at his return. Andrew pulled up a chair and sat down, looking like he was ready for a serious talk.
Kenzo, sitting nearby, sighed, "Andrew, if you've got something to say, say it. No need for violence."
Andrew chuckled, his gaze fiery as he turned to Brielle. "Brielle, if it weren't for Max, you wouldn't have made it out of the Rowland family alive. If last night's mess goes public, do you think Max's reputation will survive? Max has lived for over twenty years, and you are his only
stain."
The words were like a million knives slashing at Brielle. Her hands clenched the bedsheets tight, but her face remained serene. She coughed hard a few times and then leaned back.
exhausted.
Kenzo passed her a pillow with a warning glance at Andrew.
Andrew huffed and stood up. "Max might be protecting you for now, so I won't touch you, but I can't swallow my pride. You better pray he shields you forever because once you step out from under his wing, I'll make you wish you were dead."
Brielle coughed again, her cheeks flushing from the effort. She smiled faintly, then locked eyes. with Andrew-one seething, the other calm.
"Andrew, did you come all this way just to throw your weight around? Aubree's right. You might want to spend your time outside the ICU keeping vigil for Tessa."
Andrew's eyes blazed with fury, his hand raised in anger, but it was caught mid-air. Kenzo's forehead creased, "Max is still abroad. Things between you two are tense enough. Don't make it worse for everyone involved."
Andrew's chest heaved with rage, and he stormed out, slamming the door behind him.
Chapter 240
With Andrew gone, Kenzo exhaled, "You shouldn't provoke him like that. Andrew never thinks. about the consequences. If I hadn't been here, he might have left you crippled. He doesn't have 'don't hit women' in his vocabulary."
Brielle just felt drained, her chest tight. Just then, there was a knock at the door. It was Patrick.
Seeing Kenzo, Patrick was a bit surprised but didn't ask questions. "Ms. Brielle, I'm here to take you to Premier Palace to recuperate."
Brielle was eager to leave, so she turned to Kenzo, "Thanks, Kenzo," Kenzo nodded and headed. up to where Tessa was being treated.
Brielle followed Patrick to the car, her wrists both bandaged. Patrick, ever considerate, opened the door for her and advised, "Mr. Dorsey won't be back for a while, Ms. Brielle. Take some time off work, and let your wrists heal. You don't want to risk long-term damage."
Brielle murmured an acknowledgment.
Patrick glanced at her through the rearview mirror, still worried. He couldn't help but add, "If you're feeling better, you could give Mr. Dorsey a call."
Brielle's lashes fluttered, noticing her phone on the seat next to her. She hadn't expected Max to be so thoughtful as to bring her phone from the Rowland family. She felt a warmth in her
heart.
As they arrived at Premier Palace, something felt off. The security was tighter, patrols everywhere. The entrance even had extra guards. "Patrick, what's going on outside?"
Patrick knew he couldn't hide it, so he came clean, "It's Mr. Dorsey's orders. He's worried that one day Michael might come knocking."
###Chapter 241
Chapter 241
Brielle's heart skipped a beat as she entered the palatial Premier Palace living room. Was it possible Michael knew about last night's debacle? She wanted to probe further, but her words. jammed in her throat. Upon her arrival, Wesley greeted her with a smile that spread across his face in an instant. "Ms. Brielle, I've heard all about it. You've been through the wringer, haven't you? Come, sit down. I'll have the kitchen whip up some chicken soup for you."
Brielle couldn't help but smile wryly. Wesley's solution to everything seemed to be soup. Nevertheless, appreciating the kind gesture, she nodded, "Thank you, that would be lovely." Wesley hurried to instruct the kitchen staff, who were already well-versed in Brielle's preferences, and had prepared several comfort dishes especially for her.
During her three-day recovery at Premier Palace, only Aubree called to say that Tessa had been taken back by the Rowland family.
Brielle, who was busy organizing company documents, had no interest in news about Tessa. After a brief chat with Aubree and hanging up the phone, Brielle went to her department.
The atmosphere was cordial enough, but her desk was buried under a cascade of roses that trailed all the way to the door. Recalling the last time she received flowers from an anonymous suitor, Brielle frowned.
Her colleagues seemed nonplussed, each voicing their envy.
"Ms. Haywood, you're one lucky lady. These are all from Mr. Noah. He's been kindly buying the team milkshakes every day."
Mr. Noah? Brielle's frown deepened. What was Noah up to with this stunt?
She had the janitor clear away the flowers. No sooner had she sat down than Noah strode in. unabashedly placing two tickets to a musical on her desk. "Brielle, I heard you were under the weather. Feeling any better? Fancy joining me for a musical tonight?"
When Noah asked this question, he couldn't help but have some doubts in his mind. Despite hearing about her hospital stay, his contacts had unearthed no information on her whereabouts.
Brielle stepped back, wondering what on earth had happened to Noah.
Noah flashed a self-perceived charming smile and leaned towards her. "Brielle, I must confess I've always admired you." Expecting her to blush like any other woman, he was taken aback when she looked up and asked, "Admire me for what?" Caught off guard by her question, Noah faltered. He had never truly respected her, so how could he admire her?
14:25
Chapter 241
Amused by his discomfort, Brielle gestured towards the office door. "We're on the clock, Mr. Noah. Why don't you head back upstairs? We can discuss personal matters after work." Noah's face stiffened, struggling for breath, but keen on preserving his image, he nodded. genteelly, "Alright, I'll catch up with you after work."
Brielle furrowed her brow again, but she really didn't want to waste energy on irrelevant people. She focused intently on the documents in front of her instead.
With only ten minutes left until the end of the workday, Noah approached once again. The department buzzed with speculation about their relationship. Brielle's expression darkened, "Mr. Noah, let's cut to the chase."
Unfazed, Noah presented the musical tickets again, "Didn't we agree? Join me tonight; I've arranged a surprise."
He then addressed the others, "I'll treat those working overtime to a late-night feast around eight o'clock. Seafood's on the way."
It was clear he was trying to impress Brielle, though she hadn't given her consent. The colleagues chimed in with their thoughts.
"Mr. Noah, I didn't expect you had such a romantic side."
"I always thought Mr. Noah was all business. Who knew you had it in you to chase someone?"
"Just get together already."
Soon, the chant echoed through the office.
Noah stared at Brielle expectantly and bent forward to take her hand.
Brielle stepped back, aware that many were snickering at her expense. Everyone knew she was Spencer's ex-fiancée, and she had only recently broken off the engagement. Now, in their eyes, she had quickly latched onto Noah, branding her fickle.
Undeterred by the gossip. Noah confessed, "Brielle, your past doesn't bother me. Would you consider me? If you're with me, everything I have is yours. Whatever you want, I can provide."
Noah's wealth was no secret within the company. His readiness to share everything with. Brielle spoke volumes of his affection for her.
###Chapter 242
Chapter 242
The women around were a cocktail of envy, jealousy, and bitterness. How on earth did Brielle, after being dumped by Spencer, manage to snag Noah? It seemed so unfair.
Everyone expected Brielle to break down in a sappy mess, sobbing while professing she'd need time to think it over, but Brielle was the picture of composure, the coolest head in the room. "Mr. Noah, we're in the middle of the office," she said, her voice ice.
Noah had assumed Brielle would leap at his offer, but his pride took a hit when she turned him down, not once but twice.
He wasn't used to chasing women; they always came after him. A woman of Brielle's stature should have been over the moon that he took an interest in her, shouldn't she?
The buzz of the onlookers quieted down as they sensed Brielle's reluctance. The atmosphere turned awkward in an instant.
Nonchalantly, Brielle stepped past Noah and entered the elevator. To her surprise, Spencer was already inside. Upon seeing Brielle, Spencer instinctively lowered his head. The scene from a few days ago was just too embarrassing. Now the mere thought of it made him feel a flush of heat throughout his body.
Brielle's gaze swept over Spencer with a mocking glint. Sharing an elevator with Spencer felt more oppressive than dealing with Noah, so she stepped back out.
Spencer rode down alone, looking utterly defeated. He couldn't help but wonder if he had made a mistake that day? Brielle was
known for having a wild side, so what was wrong with her bearing the consequences of such a reputation?
Brielle's disdainful look had pierced him like a dagger to the heart, causing an aching pain that spread throughout his body. His phone rang, jolting him from his thoughts. It was Robert on the line. "Spencer, Lillian's been a mess lately. Can you come over and talk to her? She always plays tough, but with everything that's happened, I'm worried about her."
Hearing that Lillian might be in a bad state, Spencer's heartache was replaced by concern, and he hurriedly drove to the Haywood family estate.
Meanwhile, Brielle had stepped out of the elevator and now stood before Noah.
Noah watched her slim figure, thinking her earlier departure was just playing hard to get, his expression souring. He figured it would take maybe just three days to have Brielle eating out of his hand. "Brielle, have you decided to join me for the theater tonight?" he asked with a hint of disdain.
Brielle furrowed her brow, ignoring him. When the elevator arrived, she stepped in and promptly hit the close button. Once the doors shut and the noise faded, she finally felt at ease.
Just as she reached the lobby of Dorsey International, she saw a car window roll down. revealing Ryan's face. "Brielle, care to talk?" Ryan offered with a grimace.
102
14:26
Chapter 2422
Her fingers twitched, but she maintained her composure, "I don't see what there is to talk about with you."
Ryan gestured towards a nearby café, his face darkening, "If you're scared, we can talk next door at the coffee shop."
Hesitant, Brielle agreed. The café was bustling with office workers from around the area. Unless Ryan was out of his mind, he wouldn't dare lay a hand on her here. She sat down, maintaining a steady composure.
Ryan appraised her and chuckled lightly. "I heard Max and Andrew got into a fight over you? I never realized you had such allure when you were with Spencer." "It wasn't about me," she retorted.
"That doesn't matter. Max has a soft spot for you. If he hadn't been covering for you, do you think you'd still be sitting pretty as a director?"
Although the Rowland family wanted to cover up the events of that night, the intricate relationships within the large family made it impossible to keep everyone silent. Brielle remained silent, curious about Ryan's true agenda.
Without beating around the bush, Ryan took out a bottle. "Find a way to make Max swallow this," he said flatly.
Brielle's pupils constricted sharply, half-expecting she'd misheard. Was Ryan really so brazen as to ask her to poison Max?
###Chapter 243
Chapter 243
"Are you out of your mind? You're not afraid I'll spill the beans to Max?"
Ryan chuckled, a look of sheer confidence plastered across his face, "If you don't care about what happens to Mark, then by all means, go tell Max. Brielle stood up, her gaze burning with fury. "What have you done with Mark?"
"Just invited him over for a little visit, that's all. Do as I say, and the man walks free. You know what I'm capable of."
Brielle took a deep breath and eased back into her seat. No wonder Ryan had the guts to confront her today; he'd already taken control of Mark.
She had been negligent. She had long been entangled in the complexities of the Dorsey family. In addition, Max had gone to the Rowland family that night. Those seeking to retaliate against him, even if holding onto a slim hope, would target her.
Ryan sneered, "If you procrastinate, I'll have someone snip off the old guy's fingers right now."
"I'll do it," she agreed.
"Good. Here's a month's supply. It'll end Max with a silent coronary. One pill a day, don't forget."
Brielle took a deep breath, her fingers on one side clenched tightly, nails digging deep into the palm. To deal with Max, he had gone to great lengths to prepare this kind of pill.
Ryan's eyes gleamed with satisfaction, as if everything was within his grasp. "Once Max is back in the country, we start."
Brielle sat motionless until he left, then she stared at the white bottle in her hand.
Meanwhile, the photo of her meeting with Ryan at the café had already made its way to Max. Clearly, it's a pro's work.
Max had been running ragged these last few days, juggling overseas business and caring for his mother. He finally caught a break, only to see those photos.
They were taken by his own people. In them, Brielle accepted the bottle-had she agreed to Ryan's deal? Max's brow furrowed, his instinct to dismiss the troubling thoughts.
He would never tolerate such a threat before, but the of the threat was Brielle, and he found himself patient, curious about her next move.
Someone burst in, the room immediately filled with the rich aroma of coffee. Alivia set the coffee on the desk, and seeing him still working in the convalescent home, she couldn't help but sigh. "Max, shouldn't you take a break? You haven't slept in days. Your mother's finally settled down. Why not rest a bit while you can?"
10
Chapter 243
Max's eyes were bloodshot. He rubbed his temples, clearly exhausted. He finished the coffee, and a doctor came in.
"Max, Martha's condition is worsening. Used to be six months between episodes, then three. Now it's monthly. The experts are constantly revising the treatment, but Martha's reluctant to cooperate. Probably needs family around."
Max's frown deepened. He drained his coffee, feeling a bit more alert. He wouldn't bring his mother back to Beaconsfield unless it was absolutely necessary, because her spirits would plummet as soon as she laid eyes on the other Dorsey children.
"I understand. I'll try to come more often."
The doctor nodded, glanced at Alivia and said with a smile. "Ms. Alivia's workplace is close by. She often visits Martha, a great help." With that said, the doctor went out as if he had finished his duty. Max, however, handed Alivia a card, "This is for your troubles. Thanks."
Alivia paled instantly. She was never after money, and caring for his mother wasn't about that. Max surely knew this but still offered the card.
Alivia felt humiliated, her eyes reddening for a moment before she rasped, "Max, you know I'm not here for the money."
Max's expression tightened. He never quite understood the emotional nuances between people. so empathizing with Alivia's feelings was difficult. He approached it from a businessman's perspective-she gave her time, so he should give compensation. It seemed like a fair exchange.
"I know, but I owe you this. Whether you take it is up to you." He passed her the card, his face impassive.
Alivia's complexion turned even paler. After a long moment, she looked up. "Then I don't want it. Once your mom's condition stabilizes, I'll return home. Max, you will marry me, won't you?"
###Chapter 244
Chapter 244
Max had pondered the question before, back when his response would've been a no-brainer, al surefire "Yes." But now, as he wrestled with the inquiry, a different face flickered through his mind. He frowned in confusion. It had been a while since he'd been out here, and Brielle hadn't even made a phone call or sent a message. And him? He'd been so tangled up in a web of endless tasks that he realized it'd been days since they last connected.
"Alivia, I've been clear from the start. It I fall for someone, I won't marry you. I told you not to
wait for me."
He'd turned her down before, but if everyone thought Alivia had been waiting for him all these years, it would pressure the Dorsey family. It would paint him as a promise-breaker, when he'd never made any promises.
Relief washed over Alivia. She always knew Max didn't quite grasp the concept of liking. someone. If he was saying this, he clearly wasn't interested in anyone at the moment. "I get it. Max. Don't worry. I won't push you."
Max raised a hand to his temple, rubbing wearily. Even after downing a coffee, exhaustion clung to him. He shuffled toward the break room, expecting Alivia to take her leave. But she didn't. Instead, she settled into a seat inside.
Max only shed his blazer before succumbing to sleep quickly. When he sensed someone nearing, his eyes snapped open, his body on high alert.
Alivia stood just a step away, her plan to snap a sneaky selfie with him while he slept now thwarted. She pointed awkwardly at the blanket. "I didn't want you catching a cold." Max's expression was icy. "Get out."
Alivia's lips pressed together in silent frustration as she exited the room.
Max hated being disturbed while resting. Once the door closed, he instinctively reached out beside him, only to embrace emptiness. He paused, staring at the hollow space in his arms.
After a long hesitation, he fought off the urge to sleep and pulled out his phone; sending Brielle a message. [?]
When Brielle received the message, it was already late at night, and her phone was on mute, so she naturally didn't reply.
Max went from sending one question mark to two. []
And finally, three. []
Half an hour spaced each message, and none received a response.
Frustration now fully eclipsed his drowsiness, proving more effective than the strongest espresso. He rose, returning to his desk to tackle the paperwork, his irritation mounting.
14:26
Chapter 244
Unbeknownst to Brielle, her phone had been buzzing silently in the dead of night. When she finally checked it upon waking. Max's messages were hours old. She frowned. What did the question marks mean? After freshening up, she contemplated a reply but was interrupted by a call from the office, "Ms. Haywood, we have a meeting with some senior executives this noon regarding the bidding matter. The time is at eleven o'clock."
"Alright, I'm on my way."
Work always had a way of narrowing Brielle's focus, so she left the message unanswered.
After arriving at the company and making the necessary preparations, she called two people from the mergers and acquisitions department and went together to the building where the bidding was about to take place.
The bidding was for a new automotive project by Heavy Motors, seeking a contractor. Dorsey International was the first on their invite list, but given the company's vast empire, Heavy. Motors feared their project might not get the attention it deserved. So, they invited others to elevate the project's profile.
As Brielle and her team arrived at the building, she immediately spotted Robert and Connor. Connor's eyes lit up, seemingly unconcerned by the lurking reporters as he approached, belly leading the way.
"Bri, your dad and I were just talking about you. I didn't expect Dorsey International to send you for the bidding. Seems like you're making waves over there," he said, his disgusting gaze fixating on Brielle as if he wished he could whisk her away right then and there.
###Chapter 245
Chapter 245
Standing by his side. Robert seemed to be struck with a bout of amnesia, as if he had completely forgotten how Brielle had cut ties with the Haywood family on her own accord. He approached her slowly, trying to bridge the gap between them, he even pointed to a spot nearby and said. "Bri, there's an open seat over there. Fancy joining us?"
Brielle's expression remained unchanged as she politely addressed him, "Mr. Robert.
Robert's face stiffened for a moment, and he took a deep breath. "I do admit that I neglected. certain matters in the past. Maybe we could have a proper chat about it sometime, if you're free." Brielle just smiled and without giving any regard to their expressions, she walked straight to the most central seat and sat down. Her position at Dorsey International certainly warranted such a spot.
Connor, who had been blatantly ignored by Brielle from the get-go, felt his pride wounded and turned towards Robert. "Didn't you say she was supposed to marry me?"
Robert had long lost interest in a nouveau riche like Connor, but given that Connor was indeed wealthy, he had to bear with him. If Brielle couldn't keep Max on the hook, she would undoubtedly end up marrying Connor. So he endured and said, "Mr. Connor, what's the rush? You can't rush perfection."
Robert needed to see if Brielle could truly captivate Max. At the moment, it seemed she had the capability to do so. Between Max and Connor, he would naturally choose Max.
The bidding conference dragged on for four hours, and it had been ten hours since Brielle hadn't replied to Max's messages. By the end, Brielle bid a staggering four billion, far surpassing the others, and secured the project.
As she got up to leave. Connor rushed over, eager and flustered. "Bri, we're bound to get married sooner or later, why sre you so distant? The bidding's over. How about we go grab a bite? I've got reservations at the Starlight Restaurant. It's got a great view of the Beaconsfield skyline."
"Marriage?" Brielle found it amusing and couldn't help but laugh. "It's still daylight, Mr. Connor. Are you still dreaming?"
Those around them overheard and joined in the laughter, murmuring among themselves. Connor, feeling even more embarrassed and now angry, brought up the night of the Hatfield family banquet. "Didn't you come on to me that night? Do I need to remind you of what happened? How can you deny it now? Brielle, everyone saw you that night. I doubt any other man would have you."
Brielle glanced over at Robert who was about to leave and couldn't help but call out. "Was this marriage promise made by you, Mr. Robert? I recall publicly announcing my break from the Haywood family. The Haywood family has no say in my marriage. And about that night, there
14:26
Chapter 245
were so many witnesses. It was Lillian who got cozy with you, Mr. Connor, not me. Surely we aren't going to tell blatant lies and make me take the fall for the Haywood family heiress." Robert, who had been about to leave, stopped in his tracks. He didn't want to get involved, but now, with all eyes on him, he had no choice but to respond. "Bri, about that..."
Brielle cut him off with a chuckle. "If you're so keen on becoming in-laws with Mr. Connor, why not marry off Lillian instead? She's your daughter. I'll just sit here and wish the happy couple all the best." Laughter erupted around them, leaving Connor and Robert with pale faces.
Brielle, unfazed, headed to the parking lot. She handed her documents to her colleagues and decided to head back to her new place. When she got home, it was quitting time. She lay on the couch until seven o'clock, dreaming about Max, realizing she did miss him after all.
Just as her dream reached a crucial moment, her phone rang. Picking it up, she saw it was Max, stirring a mix of dream and reality.
"Brielle, open the door."
Startled, Brielle walked to the door with a mix of disbelief. As she opened it, Max strode in. casually hanging his suit jacket on the coat rack.
Brielle was a bit stunned. "How did you-"
Before she could finish, she was swept up in his arms and pressed onto the couch. As he kissed her breathless, she turned her head slightly and murmured, "Max?"
She couldn't help but cup his face, noticing the redness in his eyes. He must have rushed back overnight.
"Finished with your business abroad?"
Max nodded and started to lift her skirt. Brielle's cheeks flushed, it was the first time she had seen him so eager. She averted her eyes, nervously licking her lips.
Max watched her, then suddenly bit her lip. That heartless girl.
Brielle's heart fluttered, and her eyelashes trembled uncontrollably.
Max was about to continue when his phone rang. He frowned, tossed the phone aside, and went back to kissing Brielle.
The ringing was giving Brielle a headache, and she gently pushed him, "It might be work, you should take it."
But Max just held her closer and headed to the bedroom. His towering height of nearly six feet three made her seem all the more delicate, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, her face buried in the crook of his neck, flushed with a deep red.
###Chapter 246
Chapter 246
x paused, a melting sensation at the core of his heart. He looked down at the person in his arms, bewildered, but without further thought, he gently laid her down on the bed of the bedroom.
To the outside world, he was an eternally unyielding mountain of snow, but in this moment, Brielle felt as though a crimson blossom had bloomed at its peak. That splash of vivid red was enough to thaw the chill of the snow.
All through the night, she felt as though her world was a swaying painting, all its colors converging upon him. She was like a kite dancing in the wind, a boat floating serenely on a current. Her world was entirely controlled and guided by him.
When she awoke, the un was already high in the sky. She heard voices outside and, struggling a bit, got out of bed. After freshening up, she stepped into the living room to find Max opening his laptop for a meeting.
Not wanting to interrupt, she decided to head to the kitchen to whip up something.
The white pill bottle was within reach on the counter. After a moment's hesitation, she dropped a pill into the water. It dissolved quickly, and she stirred it in.
Ryan was a suspicious man, always asking if she had made her move. Knowing Max was back. he'd likely be bombarding her with calls to hurry her along. If she didn't answer, it was Mark who would suffer. There were thirty pills in total, and Ryan would have her count them on video each day. If none
were missing, it was still Mark who would be tortured. With such a weakness in Puan's grasp.
Brielle had no choice but to comply.
However, she had cleverly switched the pills with vitamins, indistinguishable to the eye. She could only keep Ryan at bay for about a month. Within that time, she had to rescue Mark.
Brielle was deep in thought and didn't notice that as she tossed the pill into the water, there was someone standing at the kitchen doorway.
Max was just there, initially wanting to ask what she was cooking, but the sight of the familiar white pill bottle froze him in place. He quietly retreated back to the couch and sat down. His expression unchanged, his emotions unreadable.
Half an hour later, Brielle came out with a steaming bowl of soup, just one serving, which she placed in front of Max. "I made this for you. I'm not great at cooking, so I just made some soup."
Max set aside his paperwork and looked up at her with a glance.
Brielle's lips were tightly pressed, her face shadowed by a frown.
Max took the bowl, inhaled the aroma. It was indeed inviting.
1/2
14:26
Chapter 245
"Brielle, do you want me to have this? His voice was calm, betraying no emotion
Brielle's heartbeat skipped, her hand nervously resting behind her. "Yes, I'd like you to try it." After all, it was just vitamins, and he wouldn't know.
Unexpectedly, Max's lips twitched into an indulgent smile. If you want me to have it then I will* Her heart raced uncontrollably as Max leisurely sipped half the bowl When half was left he glanced at her, "You made only one serving. Aren't you hungry?"
Brielle really wasn't hungry, so she shook her head.
But then Max brought a spoonful to her lips. "Here."
Without thinking, she opened her mouth, but then he withdrew the spoon. "Never mind. If you're hungry later, I'll have Patrick bring the chef over." With that, he finished the rest of the porridge.
A lump formed in Brielle's throat; she was lost for words. If she had intended to use that kind of drug, would Max have even known? He was completely unguarded against her.
An irritation welled up inside her. What if someone else tried to poison him? Would he be as unguarded then? In his position, there were plenty who would wish him harm. Shouldn't he be vigilant about everything presented to him?
Seeing her frown, Max thought she might be hungry and called Patrick instructing him to send over the chef who had cooked for them last time.
Patrick arrived promptly, not only with the chef but also with a brand-new suit. Max went to change and returned to find Brielle still looking distressed, silent on the couch. He couldn't help but chuckle. "What's the matter?"
Brielle shook her head, her tone serious, "Mr. Dorsey, you really should be more cautious with those around you. After all, you can't see into a person's heart."
###Chapter 247
Chapter 247
Patrick couldn't contain himself as he interjected from the sidelines.
"Don't you worry, Ms. Brielle. Mr. Dorsey has always been cautious. Over the years, plenty have tried to take a crack at him, but none have succeeded. Even his car is like something out of a presidential motorcade, bulletproof and all. Plus, at the Premier Palace, there's a whole contingent of bodyguards - most of them are ex-military. And let's not forget, Mr. Dorsey himself, he's also...
He was cut off by a glance from Max. Patrick realized he'd spoken out of turn and promptly shut his mouth, signaling the chef to whip up something in the kitchen.
Max, fiddling with the cufflinks at his wrist, said, "I'm heading to the office. You stay home and rest." His tone was that of a husband giving a gentle order to his wife before leaving the house. Brielle, worn out from the previous night's ordeal, had little energy to spare. With Max's command issued, she settled back onto the couch.
Patrick hastily briefed the chef before following Max out, resuming his role as chauffeur.
Once they had left, Brielle slowly opened her eyes. She knew that sitting idly by wasn't going to cut it if she wanted to stand up to Ryan. And she didn't want to rely on Max for everything - it was time she tried figuring out a plan on her own.
Her thoughts turned to Spencer. While reaching out to Spencer was akin to inviting bad luck, she reasoned that the Dorsey family had used her for years, so why couldn't she use Spencer just this once? She removed Spencer's number from the blacklist. After a moment's hesitation, she dialed his number.
Spencer didn't pick up; he was at the Haywood estate. After debating for a long time, he decided to come over to see Lillian, but the thought of Lillian entangled with someone like Connor made it impossible for Spencer to look at her now. The once cute and obedient face now seemed utterly disagreeable to him.
What was harder for Spencer to swallow was the fact that he had belittled Brielle for a woman like Lillian.
When Brielle's call came through, it took him by surprise. On the other side, Lillian's face was streaked with tears, her hands tentatively clutching at his sleeve, her eyes filled with a pitiable plea. "Spencer, that night, it was all Brielle's doing. How else could I have ended up with someone like Connor? You've always been on my side. You'll understand me this time, right?"
Lillian's eyes brimmed with venom. With no progress from Max, she had no choice but to fall back on Spencer.
But faced with her helplessness, Spencer took a few steps back, his gaze avoiding hers, "I'll go
Chapter
get you a glass of water."
Her face darkened in an instant but she maintained a facade. "Sure, I could use a drink."
Once Spencer turned away, she stealthily followed him. Around the corner, Spencer answered the call, his voice unconsciously softening. "Brielle, what's up? You want to meet, just us?" His tone was a mix of surprise and disbelief.
"Alright, what time? Send me the address, and I'll come to you."
Lillian's heart felt crushed at the mention of Brielle. It wasn't enough that Brielle had ensnared Max, now she was trying to hook Spencer too. She took a deep breath, smirking at the thought of how Spencer would react once he knew Brielle was eating humble pie. With a cold laugh, she returned to her room.
Spencer, carrying the water, feigned tenderness, "Lillian, if you're not feeling well, you should rest up at home."
Lillian's face was ashen, itching to call him out, but she needed him to stir up trouble with Max. She held back, testing the waters, "Spencer, can't you stay with me? I feel like you don't love me as much as you used to."
"Of course I do."
Spencer sat down, attempting to kiss her cheek but the image of Connor made his stomach churn, and he recoiled. "I've got something to attend to tonight, but I'll make time to see your later. I should get going now."
###Chapter 248
Chapter 248
The moment he set foot out the door, Lillian, decked out in her best spy gear, trailed behind him like a shadow.
Meanwhile, Brielle hadn't yet told Spencer where to meet, opting instead to call and gauge his level of suspicion. Finding that Spencer wasn't on guard against her, she pondered for a moment before setting the rendezvous at the upscale Dorsey International Hotel for that evening. She had stayed there before; the security was tight, and she knew it was safe.
Brielle rested until the afternoon and, before heading to the hotel, she made a quick stop at the pharmacy to pick up some sleeping pills.
Having been engaged to Spencer for so many years, Brielle was well acquainted with his family. She knew how his father, Ryan, played the field, but when it came to his son, he was utterly devoted-after all, Spencer was his only child. Otherwise, with his ways, he would have dismissed Faith a long time ago.
After all, he was counting on his sole heir to secure a larger share of the family fortune from the old man. The importance of Spencer in the grand scheme of things was crystal clear.
With the sleeping pills in her purse, Brielle set out for the hotel.
What Brielle didn't know was that Lillian had managed to contact Tessa and obtained Max's phone number from her.
Lillian had only intended to try her luck and was surprised when Tessa provided the number without hesitation. A sly smile curled the corners of Lillian's mouth as she sent an anonymous text to Max: [Tonight, Brielle and Spencer will meet at the hotel under the Dorsey International banner.]
Max was still at the office working late when he received the message. He didn't respond but didn't block the number either, knowing the sender would probably continue to send more information.
After having a bowl of soup at Brielle's place during the day, he hadn't called a doctor to check on him, but he could feel that something was off. Normally, working overtime wouldn't faze him, but today, his vision had started to blur since the afternoon.
Max shook his head, trying to clear it, and powered through the last of the paperwork. Patrick entered his office and, noting his pale complexion, couldn't help but ask, "Sir, are you feeling alright?" Max, rubbing his temples, replied with a hoarse voice. "Not so good."
Patrick was about to call a private doctor, but Max waved him off. "It's nothing serious, no need for a doctor."
"But your complexion..."
"I said it's fine.
14:29
Chapter 248
Seeing his president's determination, Patrick didn't prèss further and handed him a glass of water instead.
Max took a sip of the water and pushed the signed documents forward.
Patrick took them and briefed him on the evening's schedule, "Mr. Kenzo has arranged a meeting at Tequila Sunset. It seems to be about smoothing things over with Mr. Clements." Those two had become too estranged due to the Rowland family's affairs, so Kenzo organized tonight's gathering in the hope that the two could reconcile their differences.
Max got up, tiredly rubbing his forehead. "Then let's go."
Upon arriving at Tequila Sunset, the valet skillfully took the keys from Patrick.
As Max stepped into the lobby, his phone buzzed again with a new message-a photo of Brielle and Spencer.
Brielle and Spencer had managed to meet up, a late-night hotel rendezvous. Was Max not going to catch them in the act? Lillian sent the message with a thrill of excitement. Surely Max couldn't be so forgiving as to tolerate Brielle's infidelity?
She sneered. Brielle was truly blind to have a man as outstanding as Max and still seek thrills elsewhere. If Max were hers, she'd keep him under lock and key, never sparing another man a second glance. Her gaze shifted to the two figures now meeting in the distance, her eyes flashing with venomous spite.
Brielle Had brought her to ruin, and tonight, Lillian was determined to repay the favor, bit by bitter bit.
###Chapter 249
Chapter 249
Lillian pulled up her collar, covering more than half of her face. Coupled with wearing a hat, even if someone came close to look, they wouldn't be able to see her features clearly. She strode purposefully into the hotel, inquiring briefly about the room numbers for Brielle and Spencer before hastily requesting the one next door.
Meanwhile, Brielle and Spencer had stepped into the elevator.
Spencer felt as if he were floating in a dream, still somewhat in disbelief that Brielle had
arranged to meet him at a hotel. What was she planning? Could it be that she'd finally
around?
come
A wave of excitement flushed Spencer's cheeks. He remembered a recent conversation where he'd promised to care for the child, whether it was Brielle's or Lillian's, and to live together as a family of three. But now that Brielle had come to her senses, he wouldn't make her suffer any longer. After what happened with Lillian and Connor, he couldn't continue to spoil Lillian as he did before. Now, he only wanted to repair his relationship with Brielle.
Clearing his throat softly, Spencer ventured tentatively, "Brielle, are we about to..."
He was cut off before he could finish. "Isn't this what you've always wanted? I've thought it through," Brielle interjected.
Hope sparked in Spencer's eyes, but the memory of Brielle's peculiar and formidable prowess gave him pause. He dared not act rashly.
Upon reaching the room, Brielle led the way inside.
It never crossed Spencer's mind that this could be a trap; after all, for over a decade, Brielle had been nothing but devoted to him, never harboring ulterior motives. So when Brielle offered him a glass of water, insisting he drink first, he downed it without hesitation.
Brielle raised an eyebrow - Spencer was being surprisingly cooperative.
After the water, Spencer still felt parched, and for some reason, Brielle seemed even more beautiful and enchanting tonight. His cheeks warmed, and he broke eye contact. "What's next?" Sweat dampened his palms as his nervousness spiked.
"No rush, let's just sleep for a bit."
"Sleep?" Spencer's face turned a deeper shade of red, misunderstanding her implication to mean sharing a bed. "Okay, Brielle, you've finally seen the light. I've been doing some thinking too, and I admit there were things I mishandled."
He chuckled, feeling the room sway slightly before lying back. He didn't suspect Brielle of foul play, attributing his dizziness to the recent stress.
Chapter 249
"There are things I owe you an apology for, but sometimes, you've been quite excessive." Mumbling to himself, he lay down and drifted off.
"Spencer?" Brielle called out, then retrieved a rope she had prepared earlier and proceeded to
tie him up.
Elsewhere, Max had received a photo of Brielle and Spencer entering the room together.
A crack finally appeared on his usually stoic visage. He frowned, pondering for a long time before dialing Brielle's number.
Brielle was busy securing Spencer to a chair. Seeing Max's call, she felt a twinge of guilt; after all, Spencer was his nephew. "Mr. Dorsey," she greeted, sensing his silence and adding, "What's up?" "Where are you?"
Brielle swallowed, "At home."
Max's expression darkened instantly, a dangerous glint crossing his eyes, "Which home?"
"The new place I bought. I need some rest; I've been feeling tired lately."
Max's grip on his phone tightened. If he hadn't known her location, he might have believed her lie.
He was speechless, haunted by Brielle's previous admission that she wasn't devoid of feelings for Spencer. Those words enshrouded his thoughts like a curse, squeezing his heart with a fine. pervasive ache.
###Chapter 250
Chapter 250
On the other end of the line, Brielle was unaware of his turmoil. Worried that Spencer, who had fallen asleep, might wake up, she inquired, "Anything else, Mr. Dorsey?" she asked, implying that if there was nothing more, they could end the call.
Max cradled the glass of whiskey in his hands, feeling waves of darkness threaten his vision. He had never experienced such a physical response before, and his emotions ebbed and flowed with the tide. He was worried that if he said a few more words, he wouldn't be able to resist asking about other things. Upon hearing her question, he fought against the dizzying sensation and abruptly hung up.
Brielle, hearing the disconnect tone, was slightly puzzled, but she had more pressing matters to attend to, like making sure Spencer remained securely tied up. She wound the rope around him a few more times, ensuring that even in a lucid state, he'd be unable to break free.
After securing Spencer, she marched into the bathroom and filled a basin with water, splashing it over his head in a sudden deluge.
Spencer came to, groggy and disoriented, and realizing he was bound, panic set in. "Brielle. what on earth are you doing?"
A sly smile crept across her face. "Come on. You can't possibly think that I came to the hotel because I really wanted to sleep with you."
Spencer's face darkened, his pride hurt as he tested his bonds, finally exploding in anger. "What are you trying to pull? If you're trying to win me back, this isn't the way. Just behave, and I can still take you back."
"Slap!"
Brielle slapped him right across the face. "Shut your mouth!"
Spencer turned his head in shock, unable to believe what had just happened. It was only when the delayed pain registered that he looked back at Brielle, his eyes filled with disbelief. Brielle had wanted to give him that slap ever since the Hatfield family banquet, and now she finally had her chance. "Keep quiet, and you might avoid a few more slaps," she warned.
Spencer's eyes welled up with a sense of hurt, as almost all the humiliations he had experienced from childhood to adulthood came from Brielle.
Brielle snatched up his phone, found Ryan's number, and shot a video of Spencer in his trussed-up state, sending it directly to Ryan. After sending the video, she stuffed a cloth into Spencer's mouth and turned off his phone.
She knew that patience was key when dealing with hot soup-you can't rush it, and the same went for dealing with Ryan.
Meanwhile, Max, after ending the call, rubbed his throbbing temples. Kenzo noticed his friend's distress and pushed a drink towards him. "Waiting for Andrew has got you on edge, huh?" Chapter 250
Max didn't respond, his pallor giving away his discomfort.
"Max, are you feeling alright?"
The world around Max continued to sway, and even Kenzo's face began to blur. Kenzo had no choice but to contact Patrick, and together they helped Max to the car, intending to head for the hospital Patrick drove, flooring the gas pedal, while Max leaned back, his face growing paler by the second. After a long silence, he murmured. "What does it mean to love someone?"
Kenzo, who had just gotten off the phone with Andrew, informing him they were taking Max to the hospital was taken aback by the question.
What was loving someone? In their circle, it was a question seldom asked, a question both superficial and profound. Some might never find out in their lifetime.
"Perhaps it's like Andrew with Tessa, with no principles involved?"
Max rubbed his forehead, fighting the pain. "Is that so? Then I guess what I feel isn't love."
At least he had his principles with Brielle. Knowing she was meeting Spencer, possibly rekindling old flames, he forced himself not to dwell on it. If she cared for someone else, why should he interfere? In the beginning, hadn't she clung to him out of revenge against Spencer?
Unbeknownst to Max, Brielle had switched out the contents of the medicine bottle. From his perspective, she had poisoned him. And now, his body was indeed rebelling.
Even with the knowledge of her harming him, when he saw her about to sip the porridge, he couldn't' bring himself to stop her. So this wasn't love after all.
###Chapter 251
Chapter 251
What was that then?
Max had never really mulled over romantic feelings, and his parents' union was even less about grand promises and soulful connections. He leaned back in the rear seat, silent, feeling his head heavy and fuzzy.
As they were about to get out of the car, Kenzo called out his name. "Max?"
But there was no response from Max, prompting Kenzo to open the door and call Patrick over.
Max was rushed straight into the ER, with Patrick pacing anxiously outside until the Dorsey clan arrived. The first to show up were William and Ryan, the latter with a smile plastered on his face. He had just been in a tizzy over a kidnapping video of Spencer, but as soon as he heard Max was in the hospital, all his gloom vanished, a sly smile tugging at his lips, feigning concern. "Patrick, is Max alright? What could have caused him to faint so suddenly?"
The drug Ryan had procured was listed as a banned substance by the World Medical Association. Once it kicked in, it would do nothing but exhaust a person, making them want to sleep incessantly. And if death were to occur, it would be chalked up to overwhelming stress or sheer exhaustion. It seemed Brielle was playing along, taking action already.
William cast a meaningful glance at Ryan but quickly looked away, his gaze fixed on the ER with feigned concern.
Patrick, well aware of their ulterior motives, still had to maintain a facade of harmony. "Mr. Dorsey must be exhausted. He didn't rest at all during those days abroad." Exhausted? This was exactly the same as the effects of the pills.
Ryan could hardly contain his glee, but he offered hollow comfort, "Once he wakes up, we really should talk to him about taking care of himself."
As his words faded, the sound of footsteps echoed down the hallway, and at the center of the commotion was Michael.
Michael strode in rapidly, his brow furrowing at the sight of people gathered by the ER. "Patrick, what exactly happened to Max?"
Patrick straightened, responding with reverence, "Mr. Dorsey has been overworked from his trip abroad. He might just be extremely fatigued."
Relief washed over Michael, who knew all too well the pressures abroad, and he sighed.
By his side was an elegantly made-up woman, Victoria, who helped the old man sit down, her face unreadable as she called out to Ryan and William, "William, Ryan."
William nodded and took a seat, offering comforting words to Michael. "Dad, I spoke to the doctor. He said there won't be any complications."
Chapter 251
Michael nodded, his grip tight on his cane. If something were to happen to Max, not just the Dorsey family, but all of Beaconsfield would be changed. So, as he was hospitalized, everyone's agendas began to stir.
The ER doors opened, and the doctor wheeled Max out. Max was still unconscious, his face still pale.
Removing his mask, the doctor stated, "Max has been under a lot of pressure. He's just overly tired. Some rest and he'll be fine."
Michael finally relaxed and followed into the ward room. The room was crowded, and Kenzo, seeing the turnout, thought to slip away but was stopped by Michael. "Kenzo, stay. I have a few words for you. The rest of you, please step outside."
The others exchanged looks and filed out.
Kenzo had an inkling of what Michael might ask and had already prepared his story. "I'll make sure to have a word with Max."
Michael's stern face and imposing gaze fixed on Kenzo. "What exactly happened at the Rowlands' that night?"
Before leaving the Rowlands', Kenzo had made it clear to Austin that this matter was not to be shared with outsiders. Thus, even if rumors had swirled, attention wouldn't focus solely on Max and Brielle, because Kenzo was there that night too, and so was Andrew. Only those present. knew the real story.
With respectful demeanor, Kenzo relayed a simplified version of the feud between Brielle and Tessa. ' Michael's brows knitted together, his expression turning grave. "Why did Max go there?"
"Max was there because of me. I wanted to discuss something with him about Alivia. We received a call from the Rowlands while in the car. I have some ties with Brielle and couldn't stand by and watch her in trouble."
In the eyes of all the elders, Kenzo was seen as a gentleman and a sensible man. So Michael didn't suspect him and continued probing, "Brielle has broken up with Spencer. She's a decisive girl, and whoever she ends up with is her business."
"Mr. Dorsey, rest assured, after all these years between Max and Alivia, there won't be any unexpected surprises."
Hearing this, Michael finally let go of his worries.
###Chapter 252
Chapter 252
Kenzo stepped out of the ward room, catching sight of William and Ryan standing not too far off, deeply engrossed in a conversation. When they noticed him, smiles stretched across their faces. "Kenzo, what did the old man talk to you about?”
Kenzo offered a small grin. "Just some trivial matters, nothing to fret over. Guys, I've got to run, so I'll be off." With a polite nod, he turned and made his way toward the staircase.
William and Ryan exchanged a glance, unsure of what Michael was really thinking.
Meanwhile, Victoria was seated to the side, brow furrowed as she texted furiously on her phone.
Ryan knew exactly who she was in touch with and couldn't help but scoff. "After all these years, Everett's still treating you like that. Your brother's passed out and he can't even be bothered to show up." Victoria's expression turned somewhat unpleasant. Everett had always been a sore point for her, and no one was allowed to bring him up.
"Ryan," she retorted sharply, "Everett's swamped at work. As for Spencer, doesn't he work at Dorsey International? Why isn't he here checking on his own family?"
Mentioning Spencer brought to Ryan's mind the kidnapping video. He had people track Spencer's phone to Beaconsfield, but the exact location remained elusive. The kidnappers had only sent a video and hadn't yet made their demands.
Spencer was Ryan's only son; he couldn't afford any harm to come to him. Yet, he also couldn't let himself be too vulnerable. Other than sending people out to search, he was left to wait for the kidnappers' next move.
Just then, his phone buzzed with a new message: photos. One showed a red handprint on Spencer's cheek, another a dagger gleaming ominously. The threat was implicit.
Ryan's expression turned to ice as he strode briskly out the door, only to be stopped by Michael emerging from the room. "Max's awake. Patrick, he wants a word with you. William, Ryan, your two come in as well."
The men addressed entered the room, leaving Victoria awkwardly standing in the hallway.
Michael cast a glance her way, knowing she was waiting for someone, and let out a curt huff. Victoria tried to mask her unease, and quickly offered an excuse. "Dad, Everett's got a concert tonight, that's why-" "Enough," Michael cut her off. "The Dorsey family knows all about you two. If it weren't for your constant protection, he wouldn't have lasted this long. Victoria, you should learn from Max. It's only when you let go of your emotions that you can stand firm."
Chapter 252
Victoria's hand, hanging by her side, clenched tightly, and she fell silent.
Inside the room, Max had already propped himself up, though his complexion was still pale.
Patrick fluffed up a pillow behind him and then stood back quietly.
William and Ryan feigned concern with a few perfunctory words: they wouldn't mind if Max was out of the picture.
Michael, seeing through the facade, pressed on. "Max, have you had your blood checked? Are you certain it's just exhaustion?"
Given Max's importance, any mishap raised suspicions of foul play. The Dorsey clan was rife with infighting, and at the heart of it, the main family was a nest of vipers, constantly scheming against one another.
Michael had always let the minor squabbles slide, but should it escalate to a matter of life and death, that was another story.
Max closed his eyes, his voice icy even toward his father. "Dad, I'm fine. I just need a few days" rest. You can let my brothers go back." Michael narrowed his eyes, his words a clear warning to all present. "If I find out that someone is behind this, I will definitely not spare them." William and Ryan stiffened but kept their composure.
After they left, Michael stood up as well. "If it's those two, I'll make sure they're sent out of the
country."
"Father, I'll handle it myself." Max insisted.
Knowing his son's temperament. Michael nodded. "Just be careful, Max. If anything happens to you, the Dorsey family will be in chaos."
After a few more words of caution, Michael left with Victoria's support.
Once alone, Max turned his gaze out the window.
Patrick, sensing his thoughts, offered, "Shall I call Ms. Brielle? She probably doesn't know you're in the hospital."
Feeling the weight of exhaustion, Max closed his eyes. "No need."
###Chapter 253
Chapter 253
Unaware of Max's hospitalization, Brielle went about her business with a calculated calm. Spencer, who had recoiled at the sight of Brielle's glinting switchblade, was now quivering. unable to utter a single word as he stared at her with trembling lips.
Brielle had little patience for his cowardice and didn't bother to rush into contacting Ryan, choosing instead to wait for news from the outside. She knew that Ryan, failing to find Spencer, would inevitably reach out to the authorities.
By the afternoon, Brielle had made all her preparations. Spencer had hailed his own cab to the hotel a Dorsey International establishment that no one would suspect as a hiding place. Indeed, the most dangerous places can often be the safest.
Brielle had prepared a back-up phone with an anti-surveillance system, which she knew was untraceable. It offered only a vague location within Beaconsfield to Ryan-a needle in a haystack for him to find. Brielle shoved Spencer into the bathroom, his mouth gagged, leaving him helplessly watching
as she closed the door.
Outside the hotel room, Lillian had been lurking until a patrolling staff member spotted her suspicious behavior and demanded to see her room card. Lillian, prepared, took out a card from the adjacent room and slipped in after the staff walked away, standing vigilant throughout the night.
She sent Max a message, sowing seeds of doubt: [Brielle and Spencer are holed up in that room all night. What do you think they're up to?]
Max, restless and sleepless, stared at the message for minutes before blocking the number. Lillian, desperate for a response, tried calling, only to be met with the dispassionate tone of an automated message; she had been blocked.
Anger flared in Lillian's eyes-how could Max favor Brielle so? She clenched her phone so tightly her teeth nearly shattered. Plotting Brielle's downfall, a wicked scheme began to take shape in her mind, and she smirked as she gazed towards the neighboring room, beginning to lay her trap.
Meanwhile, Brielle ordered a hearty breakfast, and after eating, she dealt with several company emails online. It was only when internal messages revealed Max's hospitalization and subsequent high-level meetings that Brielle sprang into action. She called Max, then Patrick, to no avail.
Packing up a breakfast that Max favored during his stays at the hotel, Brielle finally obtained the hospital address from Kenzo and rushed to see him.
Upon reaching the hospital door, she was about to knock when she overheard Max's conversation with Patrick.
"Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Brielle called. Are you sure we shouldn't tell her?" asked Patrick, concern
lacing his voice.
Max, looking trail with an IV needle in his hand, remained indifferent. "No need."
"But she'll worry if she finds out later," Patrick pressed.
A flicker of coldness passed through Max's eyes. Worry? She was probably cozying up to Spencer, realizing her past mistakes, and hoping to rekindle what they had. Blind, indeed.
Max let out a self-deprecating chuckle, suppressing the tumultuous emotions within him. "Our relationship is about to end anyway."
Better to end things on his own terms than wait for her to do it. It was a relationship teetering on the edge, after all.
Exhausted from days of sleepless nights abroad, Max had tasted longing for the first time, only to be met with a crushing blow from Brielle. Thankfully, such feelings were retractable. He just needed a few days to recover.
His gaze fell back to the documents in his hand, but his heart couldn't help but feel slighted. He had treated her well, certainly better than Spencer had. Why then would she turn to Spencer?
Brielle, standing just outside the door, fingers curled around the doorknob, felt a painful twist in her heart as she listened to Max's words. Her fingertips involuntarily curled tighter. Chapter 254
###Chapter 254
Chapter 254
She gazed at the takeout she had carefully packed, a hint of self-mockery tinging her thoughts.. Taking a deep breath to compose herself, she opened the door. "Mr. Dorsey, I heard you were in the hospital. Feeling better?"
Neither of the two in the room expected her visit. Max's grip on his paperwork tightened, the slight sense of grievance he had vanishing instantly. He looked up at Brielle.
With a warm smile, Brielle placed the takeout on the bedside table.
Patrick, sensing the moment, discreetly exited, closing the door behind him, leaving them to their privacy.
Max didn't speak, and Brielle began unpacking the food. "Have you had lunch? I brought some. things from the hotel. Care for a bite?"
The dishes were all light and bland, perfect for someone recovering from illness.
Max stayed silent, eyes fixed on the documents, though he wasn't really reading them.
Brielle scooped up a spoonful of soup, bringing it to his lips, only to hear him ask, "Weren't you supposed to be at home? Why the hotel?"
Brielle realized she had misspoken. The food was obviously from that particular hotel's menu. and Max, with his own suite there, would surely know where she got it. Lies were bound to unravel.
"I-" Brielle struggled to find an excuse. Should she divulge the whole kidnapping Spencer affair? But Max was a Dorsey, after all. He wouldn't tak her side.
"I had some business at the hotel."
Max remained silent, his gaze unsettling her, turning her normally confident demeanor into a display of discomfort.
He closed his eyes, and after a while, he chuckled softly. "Brielle, let's end this charade."
Brielle's grip on the spoon tightened, her throat constricting as if choked, unable to speak.
To mask the hurt, she pretended to stir the soup, her eyes reddening, striving to keep her voice steady. "Alright."
No plea, no pain, just a calm affirmation.
Max felt a surge of frustration. Her seemingly indifference hurt him in ways he couldn't describe. He held back before finally saying, "You can go now."
Brielle slowly set down the bowl and stood up with difficulty.
A myriad of needles seemed to prick at her heart. She admitted to a fondness for Max but was far from love. It was a mistake from the start, and perhaps it was for the best that it ended. Chapter 254
She turned swiftly, and as she reached the door, her throat tightened. Upon opening it, she saw Patrick sitting outside in the hallway.
Patrick, taken aback by her tear-rimmed eyes, stuttered, "Ms. Brielle, are you-"
Brielle didn't answer, just shook her head and hurried to the elevator.
Patrick stood frozen. Was it an illusion? He thought he saw Ms. Brielle crying. Did they have a fight? But he didn't hear any arguing.
In the room, Patrick saw Max toss the documents aside in irritation. This was the first time. Patrick had seen Max acting so petulant. "Sir, it seems like Ms. Brielle has cried." Max's hand froze, discomfort evident.
Brielle crying? Was it possible? She seemed so composed.
Noticing the still-warm meal Brielle had brought, Patrick assumed it wasn't to Max's liking. "Shall I have the chef bring something else? What would you like?"
Max looked down, his voice husky. "No need."
He picked up the bowl and ate a spoonful. It was indeed from the hotel. So, she hadn't gone home last night and spent it with Spencer at the hotel?
As he took a second bite, he pondered whether his earlier words had been too harsh.
By the third, he was feeling regret. "You said Brielle was crying?"
###Chapter 255
Chapter 255
Patrick thought he was hearing things. Just a minute ago, Max had been as nonchalant as ever. "I saw Ms. Brielle with red-rimmed eyes running out. She must have been crying."
Max's fingers froze around the spoon, his heart feeling like it had been pricked with a needle. He stared at the bowl of soup in front of him, wondering if Brielle had slipped something into it.
Had Ryan instructed her to do so, and she complied, all for Spencer's sake? Would she do anything for Spencer? The realization made him distinctly uncomfortable, and his stomach clenched in response.. Catching the shift in Max's expression, Patrick quietly excused himself and stepped out. After a moment's hesitation, he dialed Brielle's number.
Brielle hadn't even gotten into her car yet; she was sitting on a bench just outside the hospital entrance. The ring of the phone elicited no immediate reaction from her. She just gazed blankly ahead. She should've left immediately, but her mind was in turmoil, and she needed a moment to calm her thoughts.
The phone kept ringing, as if it wouldn't stop until she answered. Her body moved slowly, like a piece of rusted machinery, as she pulled out her phone and saw Patrick's name on the screen. Was he calling to tell her to hand in her resignation at Dorsey International?
Brielle bit her lip and, with resignation, hung up the call. If Max wanted her out of Dorsey International, what would she do?
She had anticipated that their ambiguous relationship would end eventually, but not this soon. A bitter taste filled her mouth as she leaned back on the bench, her eyes half-closed. She couldn't afford to stop now; stopping would mean dwelling on the complexities of her relationship with Max. She needed to do something to occupy herself.
Brielle took out her other phone, the one she always carried, and sent a message to Ryan. [Spencer's life for the life of Mark. Fair trade, right?]
Ryan had already reported Spencer missing and had his own people searching alongside the police. The message furrowed his brow, and he sent a quick reply. [Brielle?] Who else would care about that old man's well-being enough to kidnap Spencer?
Brielle knew it was only a matter of time before she was exposed, but as long as she didn't confess, Ryan had no proof it was her doing.
A venomous look crossed Ryan's eyes. Brielle used Spencer to threaten him. He took a deep breath and ordered his bodyguard, "Bring her in, and check her recent whereabouts. We need to find Spencer quickly."
The bodyguard nodded and hurriedly got into the car..
Chapter 255
Meanwhile, the news of Spencer's disappearance had spread throughout the Dorsey family.
"Sir, many from the Dorsey family are out looking for Spencer. He's been reported missing."
Max frowned, his confusion apparent as he asked, "What?"
Unable to contain himself, Patrick repeated, "Spencer's missing. He's been kidnapped."
Max's mind sparked like a short-circuit, and he immediately called the hotel manager. The last time Brielle had stayed at that hotel, Max had made it clear to the staff that if Brielle was there. they were to delete all surveillance involving her. It was a form of protection for her, and he didn't need to be consulted about it.
Now, considering Spencer's disappearance, he couldn't help but suspect Brielle's involvement.
The hotel manager had been waiting for his call and answered promptly. "Sir, Ms. Brielle checked in last night with a man, but this morning she only ordered breakfast for one. The hallway cameras show they haven't left, and there's been another woman keeping watch next door. I've deleted all footage of Ms. Brielle's stay, as per your instructions to protect her."
Max rubbed his temple and gave his instructions, "Has Brielle returned?"
"Ms. Brielle went out this morning and hasn't come back yet."
"Check the room and report back to me with any updates."
###Chapter 256
Chapter 256
The lobby manager nodded curtly, swiftly grabbed a set of keys from the front desk, and, flanked by two burly bodyguards, made his way to the room Brielle had requested the previous night.
This was Max's private suite, a place only accessible to cleaning and sanitization staff. No one else ever set foot in there.
The manager unlocked the door and was greeted by the sight of a pristine living room. The security feed showed that the man Brielle had brought with her had never left, yet the room was now eerily empty. *Clang Clang!*
A noise echoed from the bathroom.
The manager thought his ears were playing tricks on him, but he cautiously approached the bathroom door and pushed it open.
Before him, tied to a chair, was Spencer. The sight threw the manager's world into disarray. Wasn't this the young master of the Dorsey family?
Hope flickered in Spencer's eyes as he saw someone other than Brielle, and he began to struggle frantically.
The manager broke into a cold sweat and shot a look at his bodyguards. Without hesitation, one of the bodyguards crept up behind Spencer and knocked him out.
The manager almost dropped the phone he was holding. "Do you have any idea who he is? Who gave you the order to hit him? I meant for you to untie him!"
The bodyguards were flabbergasted.
As the manager gazed at the unconscious Spencer, he felt the air being squeezed out of his lungs. This was a disaster. He clutched his phone with trembling hands and called Max.
"Uh, Mr. Dorsey, it seems Ms. Brielle has... uh, tied up Mr. Spencer in the hotel, and, well, there's something stuffed in his mouth."
Max's eyes narrowed. "You're saying Brielle kidnapped Spencer?"
The manager nodded frantically. "Yes, what should I do now?"
Max tapped his fingers lightly on the bedspread, pondering. Brielle had lured Spencer to the hotel to kidnap him? But why?
"Is the surveillance footage destroyed?"
"From the moment Ms. Brielle arrived at the hotel, all footage related to her and Mr. Spencer has been destroyed." Chapter 256
"Alright, I'll have someone come to move Spencer."
"But Mr. Spencer saw our faces"
"It doesn't matter."
With Max's assurance, the manager wiped the sweat from his forehead, relieved that he wouldn't be held responsible for Spencer's predicament.
Max's voice came through the phone again, "Who was watching them?"
The manager, prepared for this question, didn't hesitate to reveal the name. "A lady named Lillian. She seemed to have spent the entire night outside Ms. Brielle's door and was the one who followed Ms. Brielle in, taking the room next door."
A chill passed over Max's eyes. It was her again. "I understand."
The manager let out a sigh of relief and couldn't help but ponder. Ms. Brielle had kidnapped Mr. Spencer of the Dorsey family, and yet Max, the CEO, seemed to be covering up for her.
It appeared Ms. Brielle held a significant place in the CEO's heart. He turned to the bodyguards and cautioned them. "From now on, keep a closer eye on Ms. Brielle's affairs."
"Understood."
After hanging up. Max had Patrick arrange for a team to move Spencer. They acted swiftly. transporting the still unconscious Spencer to a secure location.
No sooner had they left than Ryan's men arrived, but after scouring the surveillance, they found no trace of Spencer at the hotel nor any sign of Brielle's check-in.
How was this possible?
The street cameras had clearly shown Spencer heading to the hotel and Brielle had been seen arriving too. Why were there no records of their stay? The footage suggested nothing out of the ordinary, with no sign of either individual
Ryan's expression darkened. He had thought that finding Spencer would allow his men to deal with Brielle safely, but now, with Spencer missing, there was a risk.
Despite his reluctance, Ryan had to order his people to withdraw and focus on searching for Spencer.
Meanwhile, Brielle was on her way back to the hotel. She parked her car by the curb, intending to head inside. Just as she came to a stop, a van nearby hurtled towards her, seemingly out of control. Brielle didn't have time to think. She flung open her car door and leaped out. The car smashed past her, grazing her thigh and drawing blood. Her own car was sent careening into a nearby building, its frame grotesquely twisted. Had she not jumped in time, she would likely be dead.
Brielle stood to the side, her heart racing as blood trickled down her leg. Chapter 254
The commotion drew the attention of others in the hotel, and the lobby manager was the first to emerge. Seeing Brielle's bloody leg, he was taken aback and immediately called Max Sr. MS. Brielle's been in an accident."
Before he could finish, the call was abruptly ended.
###Chapter 257
Chapter 257
Max yanked the IV from his hand and grabbed his jacket, striding toward the ward room door.
Patrick moved to support him but was met with a curt, "Check on Brielle's car crash."
Taken aback, Patrick nodded and hurried to make the arrangements.
As they stepped into the elevator, Max's icy presence was so overpowering it left Patrick. struggling for breath. Noticing the blood still seeping from Max's hand, Patrick wanted to say something-anything-to break the tension, but the words wouldn't come.
Max was already on his phone to Brielle as they exited the elevator. Her phone, engulfed in flames inside her car, went unanswered.
Frustrated, Max redialed his manager's number. By now, the manager, having the good sense to support Brielle, had ushered her into the hotel lobby to rest.
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey is really worried about you. He'll be here soon," the manager reassured her.
Brielle frowned in disbelief. Max? "You mean Max?" she asked, incredulous.
The manager nodded, going pale at the sight of her bleeding. "We should get you to the hospital before this gets any worse."
Brielle, who had a lump in her throat at the thought of Max's concern, felt her grip tighten on her pants. "He's worried about me?" After the cold way they'd ended things, could he really be worried?
The manager nodded vigorously. "To Mr. Dorsey, you're more important than family."
Brielle couldn't help but laugh at the rumor, though it eased the bitterness she felt.
Sensing her skepticism, the manager was about to mention Spencer when the hotel doors swung open, and Max strode in. His jacket dangled from his elbow, his expression as frosty as ever. The sight of the blood on Brielle's foot made him grimace.
She was shocked. How did he get here so fast?
Max crouched to inspect her injury, with onlookers beginning to take notice. Brielle was worried that someone might recognize Max. If that scene ended up online, it would undoubtedly attract. gossip and rumors. Andrew's words from earlier had become a thorn in her side. She was Max's only stain.
This untouchable man was meant to be suspended high above all else.
Her nose stung with the effort to hold back tears as he examined her wound. The thought of Spencer still locked upstairs made her anxious, and the memory of Max's words to end things
filled her with hurt.
Without a word, Max wrapped an arm around her. "If this gets infected, you could lose the leg. If
1/2
Chapter 257
you don't want to go to the hospital, I'll take you to Premier Palace. You can heal there, and you'll have care. If you don't want to see me, I'll stay at a hotel." Brielle's frown deepened. Why would she not want to see him?
Meanwhile, the manager's eyes bulged. Ms. Brielle was already staying at Premier Palace? Had Mr. Dorsey really given up his home just to appease her?
This was no different than a husband kicked out of his own house after a tiff with his wife.
The manager looked at Brielle with newfound reverence, realizing that anything concerning her had to be a top priority.
If Max hadn't shown up, Brielle would have considered the injury trivial, just a bit more blood than usual. She'd been through worse. But with him there, the pain seemed to intensify to ant unbearable level.
Biting her lip, tears started to flow. Whether it was the pain from her wounds or the emotional ache from his declaration of ending things, she couldn't tell. All she knew was that she couldn't hold back the tears any longer, and like a faulty faucet, they wouldn't stop falling.
Max, thinking her pain was too much, held her close in a tight embrace.
###Chapter 258
Chapter 258
The manager scrambled to clean up the scene, making sure no one would snap pictures before leading the way out.
After settling everyone into the car, Max gently wiped away Brielle's tears. With her lips tightly pursed, Brielle seemed to lose her voice to silence.
Max felt as if his own pain was amplified tenfold. He pulled out a tissue and dabbed at her cheeks, over and over.
As the car started to move, Max leaned in and captured her quivering lip with his own. A flicker of surprise crossed Brielle's eyes, and her tears stopped as if frozen, her gaze reflecting his silhouette. She tensed, not daring to move.
The car came to a halt inside the grandeur of Premier Palace, where the doctor was already waiting. Spotting the injured Brielle, he quickly grabbed his medical kit.
When the doctor's hands touched her leg, Brielle belatedly felt a piercing pain. Only then did she
realize her leg was broken and in need of a cast.
Max sat beside her, frowning in silence.
Embarrassed by her earlier behavior, Brielle finally came to her senses. Max didn't look at her. and was busy inquiring about the next steps from the doctor.
Wesley, was sweating bullets, quickly instructing the kitchen to simmer extra batches of soup.
Brielle sat in place, observing the hustle and bustle at Premier Palace due to her arrival, and a warm feeling filled her heart.
When Max announced it was time to end things, she truly felt miserable. Before she was ten. she lived in an orphanage where having enough to eat was a constant struggle. But after ten. as she was brought back to the Haywood family, she never felt the warmth of a true home.
Her heart carried hidden ailments, burdened with too much pride and self-esteem. For many years, weathering all storms alone, she had grown into a towering and solitary giant tree.
Such a tree was, as Spencer would say, dull and lacking feminine charm. It's not like a flower, trembling on a branch, stirring emotions, nor like a vine, weaving its way into hearts. So, she never fancied the idea that a man like Max could be moved by her.
In the midst of their silence, Patrick entered with a grim face. "Mr. Dorsey."
He approached Max with respect. "We've got control over the driver. Breathalyzer shows he was under the influence. But this morning, his account received a hefty sum, a million dollars. The deposit..." Patrick paused, mindful of Brielle's presence. "came from someone in the Haywood family."
At that, Brielle looked up, "Lillian?"
14:32
Chapter 258
Patrick nodded, seeing that she took the news without distress, he continued, "This account has been funding various online trolls for years, spreading rumors about you, Ms. Brielle. Created long ago, Lillian probably didn't realize the need for discretion, so it's under her real
name."
Foolish.
A cold glint passed through Brielle's eyes, ready to settle scores with the Haywood family once she recovered. But then she heard Max speak up. "Get me a breakdown of the Haywood family's business empire."
Prepared, Patrick produced a file, sensing Max was about to make a move against the Haywoods. "Here are the profiles of the Haywood family's key clients. The Haywoods have been riding the coattails of the Dorsey family's power due to Ms. Brielle's engagement with Mr. Spencer. They've been climbing, but since the wedding keeps getting delayed, the clients, who were only in it for the Dorseys, are getting restless. The Haywoods are starting to have cash flow problems. We just need to give them a little nudge."
"Do it." Max instructed.
The topic was about Brielle, yet she felt like an outsider in her own matter. As Patrick turned to leave, she blurted out. "Wait-
Max looked up, his gaze coolly sweeping over her, "What, feeling sorry for them?"
Surprised, Brielle retorted, "No way. When I got engaged to Spencer, they didn't bother asking. me. To them, I'm just a cheap commodity to be used up and thrown away." Spencer's name made Max sit up a little straighter.
###Chapter 259
Chapter 259
He hoped Brielle would say something more, like why on earth she had taken Spencer to the hotel and kidnapped him in the first place. Did she even have any feelings for Spencer?
But after Brielle's last comment, she just frowned and fell silent, her thoughts drifting to Spencer, who she had left bound in the bathroom. Her arm now encased in a cast, so she was unable to move him herself, and if Spencer were to be discovered by someone else, all her efforts would be for naught.
Should she reach out to Aubree? But her phone had gone to smithereens along with her car. which meant that if she wanted to contact Aubree, she would have to rely on Max.
Glancing at Max, she found his gaze already on her. Their eyes met, and she quickly looked away, feeling a flush of nervous heat wash over her.
Max stood up and asked, "Does your leg hurt?"
Brielle meant to deny it, but instead she murmured, "Mhm."
Max asked Wesley to bring over a wheelchair and gently helped her into it.
Brielle noticed his carefulness, and it made her nose tingle with emotion. Even after declaring
their end, Max was still the kindest to her.
*Stay here and heal up," he said.
He was about to leave after saying that, but then he heard Brielle ask, "And what about you?"
Her words hooked him, holding him in place. He wanted to say he'd stay at a hotel or one of his other properties, but it felt like Brielle was subtly asking him to stay. So, instead, he offered. "How about I wheel you around the garden for a bit?"
Brielle wasn't sure what to say, so she nodded instinctively. Both seemed to be looking for excuses to stay together.
As Max pushed her through the garden, trying to think of a new topic of conversation, his phone started to ring. He frowned, instinctively not wanting to answer, but the ringing persisted.
Even Brielle looked up at him, "Go ahead, it might be something important at the office."
He took out his phone, and when he saw it was Andrew calling, his expression darkened, and he hung up without hesitation.
Andrew called a few times, but there was no answer. On the last hang-up, Andrew frowned and turned to Kenzo, "Didn't you say he was in the hospital?"
Kenzo, holding a glass of wine, nodded slightly, "He was, but I heard Brielle had a car accident. He probably rushed over there."
At the mention of Brielle, a surge of distaste welled up inside Andrew, his lips tightening. Always because of Brielle.!
Chapter 259
"He must be in love with Brielle!" he concluded. The thought made Andrew restless, but what could he do?
"Kenzo, we can't just watch Max fall like this."
Kenzo sipped his wine, smiling lightly, "I don't want to see you tangled up with Tessa either. Why don't you break it off with her?"
At that, Andrew froze. "My situation with Tessa is different. Tessa is innocent, but Brielle."
Kenzo pinched the bridge of his nose, exasperated, "Let's just stay out of Max's business, okay?"
"Kenzo, you don't seem to have any issues with Brielle?"
Raising an eyebrow, Kenzo chuckled, "I'm just curious to see how far those two will go."
Andrew's lips thinned, a cold glint flashing in his eyes, "They'll never end up together."
After hanging up several times, Max handed his phone to a servant nearby. He continued to wheel Brielle around the garden, but she was obviously distracted, trying to figure out how to ask him for his phone. She had to get someone to move Spencer, and she couldn't let Max find
out.
Max was waiting for her to bring up Spencer, but after a complete round of the garden, Brielle was still silent, her brow furrowed with worry. It seemed she had no intention of speaking. In her heart, he was not person she could trust.
a
Realizing this, Max didn't linger any longer and left Premier Palace.
###Chapter 260
Chapter 260
Brielle lounged on the sofa, her mind in a daze. She couldn't sit idly by any longer, so she turned to the busy-bodied Wesley and asked, "Hey Wesley, can I borrow your phone for a sec?"
Wesley paused, Mr. Dorsey had made it clear: if Ms. Brielle ever asked to borrow a phone, he had to be informed. Still, he handed over his phone with a smile, nodding, "Sure thing, Ms. Brielle." Relieved, Brielle grabbed the phone and strolled into the garden, ensuring no one was around before dialing Aubree's number. Aubree picked up swiftly, and Brielle spilled the beans on what she'd done. On the other end, Aubree took a deep breath, her voice a whisper of disbelief. "You've really lost it, kidnapping Spencer? And hiding out in a Dorsey International hotel? If any of the Dorsey clan. finds out, you..."
But before Aubree could finish, Brielle cut her off, "Aubree, think of something. Move him, even if it means sneaking him out in a trash bin. Don't raise any red flags. Ryan's searching high and. low, and I can't have him finding Spencer."
Aubree had never imagined Brielle capable of such a wild scheme. After hanging up, she rushed to the hotel, only to be turned away from Brielle's room. It belonged to Max, and even Brielle had forgotten that crucial detail.
She'd chosen Max's private suite because it was the safest bet, and no one would dare enter without cause. Now, that very safety became her trap.
With the room key destroyed along with the phone, getting a new one meant a personal trip to the front desk. But there she was, at Premier Palace, under Max's watchful eye. A hasty departure would only deepen his suspicions.
Brielle's head pounded with the stress of it all. After mulling it over, she decided to risk the trip to the hotel. She relayed the plan to Wesley, who frowned, "Do you have to go back right now. Ms. Brielle?" She nodded, "Keep this under wraps from Mr. Dorsey. I'll try to be back by morning."
Max hadn't shown his face at Premier Palace for days, their strained relationship keeping him at bay.
Wesley sighed, reluctantly giving his consent.
Back at Pearl Estate, Brielle bought herself a new phone and immediately reached out to Aubree.
Aubree arrived in no time, fretting all the way, "Ryan's making a scene. Everyone knows Spencer's gone. Getting him out of that hotel, just us two? It's unrealistic. I suggest we bring in a third party."
"Who?"
14:32
Chapter 260
"Tiffanie."
Tiffanie knew everyone, inside the circle and out. With her help, the move might just work. Desperate, Brielle called Tiffanie without delay.
An hour later. Tiffanie's car waited downstairs. Brielle and Aubree hopped in to find Mason sulking in the passenger seat. He barely nodded at Brielle before crossing his arms and shutting down. Brielle swallowed hard, uncertain if Tiffanie had seen the message she'd sent. If she had, even with Tiffanie's carefree nerve, she wouldn't be caught dead with Mason again. But Tiffanie smiled and hummed along to a tune, drumming her fingers on the steering wheel.
"Don't sweat it, Brielle. I've got this." Tiffanie assured her. "Already called a buddy of mine. You get that key card, and tonight, we'll move him.”
Brielle exhaled with relief, "Tiffanie, let's keep this among us for now."
Tiffanie winked. "My lips are sealed.
Trusting Tiffanie's reliability in such matters, Brielle didn't push further.
When the car pulled up to the hotel, Brielle, leaning on her crutch, made her way inside, but as she approached the front desk, she ran into someone unexpected-Lillian.
Lillian had been waiting on that driver's news forever and was getting antsy, especially after hearing about Spencer's disappearance. Spencer was supposed to be with Brielle, right? Why was everyone saying he was missing?
Curiosity piqued, she'd returned to the hotel only to bump into Brielle herself.
Lillian staggered back, spooked as if she'd seen a ghost. "How are you still..."
Brielle raised an eyebrow, a cold smile playing on her lips as she glanced at her leg. "You mean, how am I still alive?"
Lillian checked their surroundings, making sure no one was eavesdropping before tearing into Brielle. "Yeah, how are you still breathing, you wretch? You should've been dead long ago. I heard Spencer's missing. Wasn't he with you last night? I saw you both enter the same room. Don't tell me you've locked him away?"
###Chapter 261
Chapter 261
Brielle's eyes narrowed, a flicker of panic passing through them. How on earth did Lillian find out about this? Was she followed by Lillian last night? This was trouble, big trouble.
Noticing Brielle's momentary daze, Lillian let out a derisive snort. "So, what's this? Did I hit the nail on the head? Did you really stash Spencer away somewhere? Just imagine if I spill the beans to the Dorseys. What do you think they'll do to you?"
"Do you have any proof?"
"Of course, I do." Lillian boasted. "I've got photos of you two from the moment you met until you went into that room. Spencer's disappearance is all tied to you, sweetheart. Just you wait, I'm sending these pictures to Faith right now."
Lillian whipped out her smartphone, the malice in her eyes almost spilling over. Lady Luck was on her side; Brielle was somehow embroiled in Spencer's abduction.
Already tapping away, Lillian was about to send the message when a sudden force hit and her phone flew out of her hands.
Looking up in disbelief, she met the gaze of a determined Brielle. "Brielle, you!" Her words were cut short as Brielle kicked the phone into the lobby's ornamental fountain. With a little plop, the phone disappeared beneath the water's surface.
"Brielle!" Lillian's eyes blazed with fury as she stormed forward, her hand raised to strike. But the lobby's security, already on alert thanks to the manager's signal, stepped in and held her back. Lillian trembled with rage, "How dare you destroy my phone! Have you lost your mind?!"
Brielle seemed unfazed by the outburst and instead offered a smirk, "I suppose the driver who hit me was bribed by you, huh? I've got solid proof, so you might want to save some energy for your chat with the cops."
Lillian scoffed, "The driver was drunk. What's that got to do with me?"
"You transferred that million bucks from an account in your own name. Now tell me, how foolish can you be?"
Lillian froze, her complexion turning as pale as a ghost. That account had never been a problem over the years, to the point where she had completely forgotten that it was registered under her real name. Damn it! How could she have overlooked that?
The lobby manager approached Brielle with a respectful demeanor, "Ms. Brielle, what seems to be the issue here?"
Brielle pointed at Lillian, "She's implicated in a murder-for-hire plot. Could you please call the police and have her taken away?"
Nodding, the manager signaled the security to escort Lillian to the police station.
10
Chapter 261
Lillian began to struggle violently. "Brielle, just you wait. I'll tell the Dorseys everything. Ryan and Michael won't let you off the hook. And Max, even if he's on your side now, if he finds out you kidnapped his nephew, guess who'll be the first to turn against you?"
Brielle frowned, tired of Lillian's babbling.
Lillian was seething, her mind racing with hatred. It then dawned on her that this was a hotel under the Dorsey International umbrella. Spencer was a face well-known to the staff here. Moreover, the news of Spencer's abduction was the talk of the town.
A gleam of triumph flickered in her eyes as she turned to the manager with a sly grin, "You can contact Dorsey International's head office, can't you? Brielle is involved in Spencer's kidnapping. I have evidence on my phone. Retrieve it, and I can testify that Brielle was with Spencer last night.”
The manager, who had recognized Lillian as the woman who had stayed in the room next to Brielle's the previous night, gave her a look of pity. The CEO was already aware of Brielle's involvement and had even helped cover it up. This woman thinking of reporting to the head office was living in a fantasy..
Lillian's triumphant smile faltered as the manager interrupted her and instructed. "Take her away. To the police station."
Disbelief washed over Lillian's face; she couldn't understand why her words weren't having the intended effect.
How could they not react? The news of Spencer's kidnapping was public, and she had evidence. As employees of Dorsey International, how could they be so indifferent?
Desperation gripped Lillian as she began to struggle, her eyes burning with a fierce hatred, fixated on Brielle. She vowed to herself that the moment she got in touch with the Dorseys. Brielle would be ruined.
###Chapter 262
Chapter 262
Lillian was manhandled into the police station, and by the time she was seated on the icy metal. chair, every inch of her was shivering with cold, her teeth chattering uncontrollably. Yet, inside. a flame of resentment threatened to engulf her whole being.
Upon hearing the cops call the Haywood family, she leapt from her chair, snatching the mobile phone from an officer's grasp. Surprise flickered across the officer's face, clearly taken aback by her audacity. As soon as Lillian saw the number on the screen, she knew exactly who was on the line. Scrambling to marshal her thoughts, she was desperate to convey everything she knew. "Mom, the whole town's buzzing about Spencer's disappearance, right? Well, I know where he is. Brielle's got him, she's kidnapped him. You gotta tell Faith, pronto!"
Miranda, on the other end of the line, couldn't believe her ears. Brielle, kidnapping Spencer? Why on earth would Brielle kidnap Spencer?
"Mom, it's the truth, I swear. Last night, Spencer and Brielle checked into a hotel together, stayed the whole night. He hasn't come out since. How could he possibly be missing unless Brielle's hiding him somewhere? I even sent pictures to Max, and you know what? Max blocked me. I think he's blind as a bat, he must not realize his own nephew's been nabbed. You gotta- Her voice choked off as if something had suddenly blocked her throat. That was right, she had sent so many photos to Max, and initially, he hadn't blocked her, which meant he received the pictures. With Spencer's disappearance causing such a stir, the Dorsey family had already filed a police report. Max must be in the loop. He knew this was connected to Brielle, clearer than anyone else. Yet he remained silent, even went so far as to block her. Back at the hotel, the manager hadn't misunderstood her; he knew the truth but feigned ignorance, all of them covering for Brielle. All because between Spencer and Brielle, Max chose Brielle.
Lillian felt a dull ache in her chest, a rage so intense she wanted to carve Brielle into pieces.
How could Brielle be worthy of Max's attention? Could it be that Max had fallen for Brielle?
The thought ignited a destructive fury within her.
What she couldn't have, she would destroy. Never would she allow that wench Brielle to get her hands on it.
"Also, Mom, tell Faith that Brielle is Max's mistress, and they're an item. Max is deliberately overlooking the whole Spencer kidnapping situation."
Miranda's head was reeling, convinced Lillian had lost her mind. "Lillian, didn't your dad say we shouldn't tell the Dorsey family just yet? Otherwise-"
"Mom!"
Chapter 262
Lillian roared with a mix of despair and anger. "Do you really think Brielle's gonna help us? If she secures Max's heart, she'll turn on us in a heartbeat. We can't let her get any closer to Max."
Miranda felt utterly panicked, unable to decide. After all, it was Robert who always called the shots in the family. "Lillian, calm down. I'll get you out of there first, then we can talk, okay?"
Lillian's seething subsided a notch. Of course, she couldn't stay cooped up in the station forever. Even if she were charged with attempted murder, the Haywood family's wealth would bail her out. She sneered. Did Brielle think she could topple her that easily? Dream on.
An officer had already wrestled the phone from Lillian and cuffed her hands, cautioning her against further outbursts.
Lillian sneered again. With the Haywood's influence, she'd be out in no time. Just wait and see.
Meanwhile, Brielle had finished dealing with the room card, somewhat surprised that the hotel manager had shown no reaction to Lillian's outburst.
Frowning, she turned to the always-courteous manager. "About what Lillian just said-"
She probed, only to see the manager give a reassuring smile. "Ms. Brielle, don't worry about that. Mr. Dorsey will take care of everything."
The manager was implying that Max would keep Spencer well hidden, ensuring the outside world remained oblivious to Brielle's scheme, effectively protecting her.
However, as the principal involved, Brielle had no clue what Max was doing, so she assumed Max would handle Spencer's disappearance. After all, Spencer was his nephew, and there was still that familial bond.
Her heart sank even further, convinced now more than ever that she could not let Max find out. "I understand, thank you."
Chapter 263
###Chapter 263
Chapter 263
Weighed down by a heavy heart, she strode out of the grand hall and made her way back to the car, handing the room key over to Tiffanie. Catching the key. Tiffanie thumped her chest confidently and proclaimed, "Leave it to me.
Then, turning her gaze to Mason with a sudden softness in her voice, she cooed, "Mason, how about you spend the night with me, huh?"
Mason furrowed his brows and shoved her face away. "Just focus on driving, will you?"
Tiffanie let out a chuckle, blew him a kiss, and swiveled the steering wheel.
Brielle settled into the back seat and, witnessing this exchange, felt a vein in her forehead might just pop. She wondered how far their relationship had evolved and whether she should spill the beans about them.
When the car pulled up to Pearl Estate, Brielle bit her lip in hesitation. Mason caught the look on her face and raised an eyebrow, "Got something on your mind?"
Tiffanie's gaze followed Mason's, and Brielle managed a strained smile. "It's nothing. I'll treat you to dinner for handling this, okay?"
Tiffanie nodded and glanced at Aubree in the rearview mirror. "Aubree, you need a lift?"
Being from the same circles. Tiffanie was well-acquainted with Aubree, who had heard plenty about her as well. Aubree glanced at Brielle's leg, considering staying to keep her company. but Brielle shook her head, "Don't worry. I'm fine on my own."
So Aubree stayed put..
П
As the evening approached, the streetlights along the sidewalk flickered on. Max lounged on the couch, gazing out the window at the cityscape bathed in gentle, flickering light, like a trembling mirror. The phone rang, and as he recognized the name flashing on the screen, he sighed, not having expected the call so soon. With a respectful tone, he answered, "Father.
There was silence on the other end, just the sound of breathing that seemed to press against the screen, creating a tense atmosphere. After a long pause, Michael finally let out a sigh. "Max, give me a
reason."
Michael had been a force in the underworld for many years. He had suspected the puppet master behind it all when he heard Spencer had vanished, last seen near a hotel owned by the Dorsey family. To have someone disappear without a trace from the surveillance of a Dorsey International hotel meant only one person could be behind it-Max, his most favored son.
Max was the one hiding Spencer, and he needed a reason.
Max tapped his fingers lightly on the couch, his voice steady. "Father, you once taught me that
Chapter 263
the head of the Dorsey family doesn't need a reason to take down someone."
Michael had risen to power through ruthless actions and a cold heart. He had always seen potential in Max, who seemed to lack the emotions common to most people. That was similar to his younger self-such a person could lead the Dorsey family to new heights. Hence, he had left Max with those words.
He needed a successor who was calm, cold-blooded, and detached. Max had done well, very
well up to this point..
Michael's mood shifted from morose to almost jovial in an instant, even letting out a hearty laugh. Max, still nonchalant, just fiddled with the phone, unaffected by the shift in emotion. After a few seconds, Michael exhaled in contentment. "But the kid is your nephew, after all. If he's stepped out of line, a lesson or two would be enough."
"Father, I am aware. I won't harm him."
"Good. I'll leave this matter to you, Max. I trust you. Don't disappoint me."
The last sentence was a warning.
Though Michael had stepped back from the seat of power years ago, his influence remained strong. Max pressed his lips together in silence, ended the call, and rubbed his brow.
He could never let his father discover that it was for Brielle that he detained Spencer. In Michael's eyes, Max could confront someone over power or even money, but never over a
woman.
###Chapter 264
Chapter 264
Max fiddled with his phone, a ripple of emotion flickering in his eyes. With a few swipes, he found Brielle's number and called her.
Brielle, leaning on her cane, had just reached the bottom of the stairs when her phone rang. Though she had switched phones, her number remained unchanged, and she pressed the answer button. "Where are you?" Max's voice was deep, a hint of gravity behind it. Brielle paused, almost instinctively lying. "Just resting at home."
He sat on the couch, his eyelashes drooping slightly, a tight sensation crossing his heart. "Which home?"
"Pearl Estate. I've been here resting since I got back from Premier Palace."
"You haven't gone out?"
Brielle couldn't grasp why he was prying so much, so she simply went along. "Yeah.”
With her cane, she entered the elevator and stopped at her apartment door. Taking out her keys, she unlocked the door.
A man sat on the spacious couch, the breeze from the window causing the curtains to flutter. accentuating his aloof demeanor. The coolness from his presence seemed to permeate the entire space. Brielle's steps faltered, and she instinctively took a few steps back. Once she saw who it was. warmth surged through her.
Max. How did he have the keys to this place?
She pursed her lips and silently switched on the lights.
Max twirled the phone in his hand, spinning it lightly on his fingertips.
Brielle felt a tingle in her scalp and stopped on the other side of the room, swallowing hard. "Mr. Dorsey."
Max didn't respond, his fingertips still casually twirling the phone.
Brielle's heart pounded, sensing her lie had been exposed. She quickly attempted to cover it up. "I just went out to grab some groceries, got held up at the store."
Her hands were clearly empty.
"How long were you gone?"
"Half an hour."
She answered without hesitation and heard Max let out a soft chuckle. Just minutes ago, he lied to his father for her, and now she was lying to him.
24
Brielle couldn't meet his gaze, feeling as it the air in the room was thinning, almost unable to
breathe.
"Brielle, last question for you, think carefully before you answer. Where were you this afternoon?"
It she didn't tell the truth, what was the point of all this? He needed her honesty.
Sweat pooled in Brielle's palms around the handle of her cane, her lips pressed tight, her heart. racing. She had a feeling that if she lied to Max now, they might never see each other again. But should she mention Spencer?
She already knew from the hotel manager that Max would handle Spencer's disappearance. If he found out Spencer's location, he would surely bring Spencer back. At that point, what leverage would she have to negotiate with Ryan? Without her bargaining chip, Mark's life would be in danger.
She couldn't afford to gamble.
Brielle's eyelashes trembled, the excuses she had rehearsed a thousand times in her mind now. felt utterly powerless. She wished she could answer his questions openly, but the gap between
them was as vast as a chasm.
The orphan girl who was lucky enough to read a few more books, only glimpsed the fleeting. dreams of affluence in Beaconsfield. Yet that was far from enough to sit at an equal level with him. Life was a relay race, but she had naively treated it like a sprint.
Max was always someone she had to stand on tiptoes and stretch her neck to reach. How could she naively believe he would abandon his family for her?
In the face of reality, her affection was too insignificant. The real barrier wasn't external but her own insecurity when she felt affection for someone.
However, at this moment. Brielle didn't understand why it was only in front of Max that her pride seemed meaningless.
She clenched her cane, feeling a dryness in her mouth like a fish gasping on a cutting board. Avoiding his gaze, she lowered her lashes. "This afternoon, I went out to lunch with Aubree. I lied because I didn't want you to worry about my leg injury. I'm sorry."
Although she had been to a Dorsey International hotel, the manager had no need to report such a minor matter, unless Max actively sought out her whereabouts, but with Spencer's situation at hand, he would not be distracted by tracking her movements. So Brielle was sure Max didn't know she had been to the hotel.
She had thought that after her explanation, Max's demeanor would soften, but it didn't. The temperature in the room dropped even more, and the air seemed even thinner. Her neck felt as if it was being squeezed by an invisible hand, her face turning red.
Max had risen to his feet, stepped in front of her, and tilted her chin up. Brielle was forced to
Chapter 264
look at him.
"Brielle, I must be crazy, to-
He paused, perhaps unsure of what he was about to say. Lie after lie, she managed to keep at straight face. What did she take him for?
###Chapter 265
Chapter 265
Max's gaze was piercing, holding her chin with an intensity that was both unsettling and. mesmerizing. Slowly, he released his grip.
Brielle rubbed her jaw where his fingers had left an imprint. It didn't hurt, but the sudden assertiveness in his touch had startled her.
Max straightened up, his expression turning cold, as if the momentary loss of control was an illusion. "If you don't fancy staying at Premier Palace, then nurse your wounds at home." He took out a card and placed it on the clasp of her chest. The gesture was somewhat frivolous, as if intentionally insulting her.
"I said it was over last time, but I forgot to give you this-let's call it severance."
Brielle's face drained of color, her hand tightening at her side. "What do you mean?"
Max, however, no longer wished to say much. Instead, he walked calmly to the entrance hall. Sometimes, one's shadow can do more damage than words ever could.
Brielle surged to her feet, intent on following, but her injured leg buckled after a few steps. sending her stumbling to the floor. "Max!"
The doorway was empty.
Gritting her teeth, Brielle hoisted herself up, grabbed a cane that had clattered to the floor, and hobbled to the door. There was no one in the hallway: he must have gone downstairs.
In desperation, she rode the elevator down, frantically pressing the button for the ground floor. By the time she limped out of the building, only the streetlights cast long shadows on the pavement. She approached the night guard, inquiring if a black car had left in the last two minutes.
The guard shook his head. "No cars have left recently."
A flicker of disappointment crossed Brielle's eyes. Max's car was probably in the underground garage. Was it too late to catch up? And even if she did, what would she say?
They were divided by a barrier that seemed insurmountable. Perhaps even without it, he'd never truly cross over.
Their relationship had been tainted from the start. His parting gift of a card was a fitting end to their illicit affair.
Brielle held the card tightly in her hand, walking aimlessly into the room with a dazed expression. Once in her room, she sat down, feeling a headache coming on, and a vague ache around her heart. The couch still held the warmth of Max's presence.
She regretted the lie she had told. Yet given another chance, she still wouldn't confess to to kidnapping Spencer. Her feelings for Max weren't strong enough to warrant trust. Chapter 265
In that moment, Brielle envied children who grew up in loving homes, who knew what a healthy relationship looked like and had a keen sense for love. They could easily find their way to the right path. Brielle's upbringing had left her without a compass, uncertain of what was good, unsure who to trust. It took years of hitting walls before she could recognize the right path. Spencer was one such wall; her acquaintance with Max too brief to judge its direction.
Her phone began to ring. She glanced at the caller ID, hesitating. The phone stopped, only to start ringing again shortly after.
Annoyed, Brielle was about to turn off the device when she noticed the call was from Tiffanie. "Hello, what's up?"
"Brielle, are you sure Spencer was in that room? My friend checked, but it's empty. We searched everywhere possible, and there's no sign of Spencer."
Brielle's pupils dilated sharply. She had left Spencer in the bathroom-how could he not be there?
Could it be Lillian? No, Lillian was probably still detained at the police station, unable to interfere.
Who then?
"Tiffanie, have you checked the hotel surveillance?"
"Yeah, but footage from that period is missing. And Brielle, there's more. All surveillance related to you has been wiped. You were here for a night, but there's no trace of you. Besides the hotel. staff, no one else can tamper with the footage, so it must be an inside job. Whoever did it must have been following orders. You should ask Maxie about it."
###Chapter 266
Chapter 266
Brielle's heart skipped a beat. She didn't have the courage to admit that Max had just tossed a card at her and she felt too embarrassed to approach him. "It probably has nothing to do v with him. This hotel is small fry compared to Dorsey International's assets. He wouldn't get involved in the affairs of one of his hotels. It could have been someone else."
Tiffanie smirked slightly, leaning back in her chair with a casual air. "I checked with the hotel. Ryan has already swept through with his team once. You know how shrewd that old fox Ryan is. If he had found any evidence of you and Spencer staying at the hotel, he wouldn't be this calm. So, I'm guessing Ryan didn't find anything. Except for Maxie, I can't think of who else would do this. Why don't you just ask him if he helped you move Spencer?"
Her words were like a pebble thrown into the already rippling lake of Brielle's heart, causing waves to crash. Brielle's breathing became shaky, unable to pinpoint what was wrong with her body, feeling a heat wave all over.
She really couldn't think of anyone else. Who else from the Dorsey family would protect her? It certainly couldn't be Michael.
Brielle clenched her phone, listening to Tiffanie's voice on the other end. "Maxie may seem aloof, but he's actually pretty thoughtful. And if he really did help you move Spencer, what does that mean? It means he cares about you. Look, some guys are all talk and no action, but not Maxie. He just quietly gets things done. If I were you, I'd take care of Alivia and tie him down tight."
Though Brielle knew Tiffanie was unreliable and this was all mere speculation, for some reason, a hint of sweetness inexplicably emerged in Brielle's heart, and the bitterness from him tossing the card to her slowly dissipated.
Tiffanie was relentless on the other end. “Just go straight to Maxie. If it was him, then dive into a passionate romance. Being with a guy like that, you're hitting the jackpot, Brielle. Even if you broke up in the end, he'd never leave you high and dry."
Brielle grimaced. Even without romance, the money he had given her over time was more than what an ordinary person could earn in several lifetimes. Max was really good to her, and perhaps it was because of this that his sudden decision to withdraw left her feeling so forlorn.
After hanging up the phone, Brielle sat on the couch, lost in thought. Remembering all the things Max had done for her made her heart race.
Maybe it was time to be brave?
She swallowed hard, scraping together every ounce of courage before dialing Max's number.
Max had returned to Premier Palace and saw the incoming call on his phone but didn't pick up. Wesley noticed the caller ID and reminded him, "Sir, Ms. Brielle is calling."
Expecting Max to pick up after his prompt, Wesley was surprised to see no reaction on Max's Chapter 266
face, as if nothing could stir his emotions.
Wesley, knowing better, hung up the phone and muted it to avoid disturbing the man at work.
Brielle called ten times in a row to no avail. She grew anxious, getting up with the help of her crutches, and called Patrick.
Patrick was still dealing with the Haywood family affairs. Seeing her call, he instinctively tensed but relaxed, remembering Max wasn't around. "Ms. Brielle."
"Patrick, I want to ask about Spencer."
Patrick was taken aback. Every directive from Max typically went through him, so he was well aware that Max had arranged for Spencer's transfer. "Ms. Brielle, I don't follow." Wasn't she aware of Spencer's situation?
Brielle took a deep breath, her palms sweaty with nervousness. "I heard Spencer was kidnapped?"
Patrick was puzzled. He thought for a moment, then asked uncertainly, "Ms. Brielle, did the car accident cause you to lose your memory? But I heard you only injured your leg, not your head. Don't worry, I'll inform Mr. Dorsey and we'll get you the best medical care."
###Chapter 267
Chapter 267
Brielle, unusually silenced by the retort, it seemed like they indeed knew that she was somehow connected to Spencer's kidnapping.
And what about the relocation?
She decided to lay her cards on the table. "I stashed Spencer in the bathroom, planning to have a friend help move him, but he has disappeared."
Patrick exhaled in relief, glad that Ms. Brielle hadn't lost her memory.
"It was someone arranged by Mr. Dorsey, because Ryan was closing in on the hotel quickly. Mr. Dorsey had Spencer moved, and all your surveillance traces were wiped clean, Ms. Brielle. Don't worry, Ryan won't be able to trace it back to you."
Receiving a concrete answer from him, Brielle didn't quite know how to react. So Max knew everything from the start, including how many lies had she spun?
Even just now, he definitely knew she went to the hotel to move Spencer. Looking back, that conversation seemed like a joke. Her defenses must have looked like clownish antics to him.
"Ms. Brielle, the Haywood family's major clients have been nearly poached clean. I expect the Haywoods will be reaching out to you soon. Brace yourself for that."
Right now, Brielle couldn't care less about the Haywood family. Her mind was preoccupied with Max.
What to do? He must be angry. How could she earn his forgiveness?
Between her and Spencer, Max chose her without hesitation, only to be repaid with her deceit. Brielle's mind was like a roller coaster plummeting downhill, leaving nothing but a blank slate and the echoes of her soul's cries.
She didn't even want to think about where Max might have moved Spencer. He must have taken him to a covert, secure place.
Ryan would certainly not find him; he didn't even know who had taken his son. After all, the Dorsey family had called the police and despite the large turnout, they fourtd nothing. In Ryan's eyes, this wasn't something a small fry like Brielle could pull off.
This cleared Brielle of suspicion while also ensuring Ryan wouldn't act rashly.
Brielle tasted bitterness, knowing all this was because Max had helped her. She just wanted to find Max.
"Where's Max going tonight?"
"He's probably at Premier Palace."
Patrick wasn't too sure since he hadn't returned yet. And with Brielle coming to him for an answer, who knew what trouble had brewed between them. As an outsider, he didn't dare Chapter 267
meddle too much in their affairs.
Brielle hung up, grabbed her cane that rested beside her, and headed out the door. Unable to drive with her injured leg, she hailed a cab to Premier Palace.
Forty minutes later, she was at the entrance of Premier Palace. As she entered the lobby, she found Wesley polishing antiques in the hallway. His eyes flickered with surprise upon seeing her. Brielle scanned the room but didn't spot Max.
"Wesley, where's Max?" She didn't call him Mr. Dorsey this time, but Max, signifying a closeness that surpassed the need for formal titles.
"Mr. Dorsey left a few minutes ago. Must've had an appointment."
*Any idea where he went?"
Wesley shook his head.
Left with no other choice, Brielle continued on her way out, leaning on her cane. Wesley, seeing her struggle, advised, "Ms. Brielle, you should rest that leg. An infection would only make things worse." Brielle would've loved to rest, but making amends with Max was her priority.
Wesley caught up to her, "I can have the driver take you, Ms. Brielle. Just tell him where you want to go."
Accepting the offer since cabs were inconvenient, she got in the car but hesitated before calling
Kenzo.
Kenzo raised an eyebrow as he saw the caller ID and glanced at Andrew.
Andrew, sensing something, scoffed, "Brielle?"
Kenzo nodded, listening as Andrew teased, "She must have a good impression of you. Hooking up with Max wasn't enough, and now she's after you?" Kenzo couldn't help but laugh, answering the call, "Brielle, what's up?"
"Kenzo, do you know where Max is?"
Kenzo frowned and leisurely poured himself a drink. "No clue. He hasn't reached out tonight. What, did you two have a fight?"
Brielle couldn't quite define it as a fight, feeling awkward, "If you find out, could you give me a call?"
"Sure, will do."
A shadow of disappointment crossed Brielle's eyes. Even Kenzo was clueless, and Max himself wasn't picking up her calls. Where could he be? Chapter 267
After aimlessly driving around for over an hour, she didn't want to inconvenience the driver. further, and directed him back to Pearl Estate.
After thanking the driver, she limped back to her room. Turning on the light, her mind drifted to just a few hours ago, when Max sat on the couch. He must have been so disappointed.
###Chapter 268
Chapter 268
Brielle's eyes were rimmed with redness as she slumped into a seat, eventually leaning back on the sofa and drifting off to sleep.
When she awoke, it was already the next day, and her head throbbed with pain. Limping, she managed to make herself some food and tried contacting Max again, only to be greeted by the mechanical voice on the other end.
She had been blocked.
Brielle felt like a needle had been jabbed into her heart. She forced a self-mocking smile. Was this what they called reaping what you sow? It seemed Max really wanted to end things.
Deflated, Brielle put down her phone and stared blankly at the ceiling.
She spent the next three days at home in a daze, unable to muster the courage to reach out to him again.
On the morning of the third day, Aubree called, insisting that Brielle shouldn't wallow at home. After freshening up, Brielle hailed a cab to the diner.
Aubree, upon seeing her, furrowed her brows with concern. "You've lost a ton of weight. Haven't you been eating these past few days?"
Brielle managed a weak grin as she took a seat. "I did eat, but I didn't really have an appetite."
"I'll come stay with you for a while, to take care of you."
"No need, I can manage on my own."
Brielle feared that if the conversation with Aubree went on any longer, she wouldn't be able to keep herself from spilling everything about Max.
He had decided to go back to his high and mighty world, and she had no right to drag him down from his pedestal. He was meant to be untouchable, perched high above the rest.
Brielle never dared to expect more. After all, Max had never shown his feelings.clearly. Perhaps he had felt a flicker of affection, but it was too faint, easily discarded.
Constantly tiptoeing to reach another person was exhausting for anyone. Being left behind like this, oddly enough, felt like a relief. Better to have never owned than to always be in fear of losing. She had always been such a pessimist when it came to love.
The meals had just arrived when Brielle heard her name being called. Looking up, she was surprised to see Miranda. It felt like an eternity since they had last met. These three days had felt like a long year. Seeing Miranda's face, Brielle was momentarily stunned, as if suddenly dragged back into the real world.
Chapter 268
Miranda had been too preoccupied with the Haywood family affairs to join the ladies for their afternoon teas, as they were busy dealing with Lillian's mess, with the police refusing to budge.
Miranda couldn't avoid today's luncheon and was surprised to find Brielle there. Her chest felt like it was burning with fury as she approached. "Brielle, is that really you? How dare you show your face around here!"
Brielle frowned, feeling as if fate was playing a cruel joke on her.
The other well-to-do ladies following Miranda had also heard of Brielle and began to gossip.
"Isn't this the daughter you raised? Why doesn't she even greet you when she sees you?"
"So heartless. You might as well have raised a pet."
These were the wives of CEOs who had dealings with the Haywood family, banding together to ostracize Brielle, the unwanted upstart. In their eyes, Brielle was a pitiful woman, abandoned by
her former fiancé.
Brielle couldn't believe she couldn't even have a peaceful meal with Aubree without being disturbed. She frowned and said, "Miranda, is there something you need?" Miranda's chest heaved with rage. How dare Brielle ask her if she needed something?
"Did you have something to do with Lillian's situation? Accusations of hiring a hitman, really? You're quite the storyteller, Brielle. Anyway, you seem fine to me, so let's settle this privately. I'll give you some money, and you can drop the charges."
Brielle found it laughable, so much so that she actually laughed out loud. "Miranda, if you really are that free, maybe you should spend more time teaching your own daughter how to be at decent human being."
That comment seemed to strike a nerve for Miranda, her eyes flashing with malice. "It's all your fault! If you hadn't interfered back then, why would we have taken you in? And how would Lillian have ended up suffering out there? She missed out on a good education because of you! You have a big responsibility for the way Lillian turned out!"
As Miranda finished speaking, the other high-society ladies chimed in with. their consolations. “Miranda, let it be. Why lower yourself to argue with a country bumpkin? Genetics is important. you know." "Exactly, like mother, like daughter. If the parents are bad seeds, the child will be too. reasoning with her."
There's no
They all began to tear Brielle down, from her hair to her toes, as if they couldn't disparage her enough.
###Chapter 269
Chapter 269
The most vociferous of the lot was Catherine from Kingston Enterprises. On a normal day, she was thick as thieves with Miranda and seemed ready to jump into the fray herself to defend her friend's honor. Brielle couldn't help but find the whole situation amusing. Under the tablecloth, her hand firmly gripped Aubree's, signaling her not to do anything rash. Knowing Aubree, she would have snapped back at the first biting word from the gaggle of women.
Miranda, bolstered by the support of the high society ladies, felt even more confident. She had been preoccupied with Lillian's legal troubles for the past couple of days, so seeing Brielle with nothing more than a cast on her leg while Lillian faced possible jail time infuriated her even
more.
Brielle was clearly taking it!
Miranda was so focused on saving her daughter that she even disregarded the relationship Brielle had with Max. "Brielle, if you don't drop this, forget about ever having a peaceful life again." Miranda threatened.
Brielle took a sip of her coffee, a picture of serene indifference. "Are you done barking? If so, please leave. I'm trying to dine here."
Miranda's pupils shrank with rage, and, snatching up her coffee, she hurled it towards Brielle's face. Catherine, not to be outdone, aimed a kick at Brielle's plastered leg.
Brielle could have dodged the flying coffee, but the sharp agony from the kick to her leg turned her face pale, leaving her unable to focus on anything else. The scalding coffee splashed onto her collar, and she tumbled from the chair, the sharp pain drawing a muffled groan from her lips.
Aubree, standing opposite to her, instantly stood up, exclaiming in panic, "Bri!" She didn't have time to glare at the other women: she dashed to Brielle's side, noticing the shattered cast. The pain must be excruciating.
"I'm taking you to the hospital!"
Brielle's eyelashes fluttered, a premonition telling her the bone that had just healed was likely broken again. Her lips trembled weakly, unable to even glance at Miranda and the others. Aubree wasted no time, prioritizing the hospital over a confrontation. She helped Brielle to her feet, slinging her arm around her neck and shot Miranda a furious look. "You just wait." Miranda arched an eyebrow, dismissive. What could a Clements family's foster daughter do to her anyway?
A person's social circle spoke volumes about their class, and to Miranda, Brielle would always be relegated to friendships with other foster daughters, never entering the inner circle of the elite. Chapter 269
The laughter of the wealthy matrons reinforced Miranda's confidence. She had no reason to fear Brielle.
Brielle, dizzy from pain and unable to put weight on her foot, finally spoke hoarsely after a moment. "Aubree, I-cough, cough, cough." Each breath was a struggle, and the coughing fit took over.
Aubree clenched her teeth in anger. "Those harpies. Once I get you to the hospital, I'll come back to settle the score."
Brielle leaned on her, the counterattack she had planned after Miranda's coffee assault interrupted by the unexpected kick.
Catherine of Kingston Enterprises, she noted that name.
Sweat beaded on Brielle's forehead, the scent of coffee lingering in her nostrils. Aubree supported Brielle into the car and drove straight to the hospital.
Back at the restaurant, the matrons continued to gossip about Brielle. The conversation shifted. towards Spencer and Max. At the mention of Max, a glint appeared in their eyes. Every mother with a daughter of marrying age dreamt of linking their child with Max, but he had always been aloof, only showing interest in Alivia. Therefore, everyone in Beaconsfield considered Max and Alivia the inevitable pair.
"I heard Max went abroad again to see Alivia. A friend of mine spotted him at the airport."
"Those two families are probably going to join forces by the end of the year. It'll be the talk of Beaconsfield."
"The Barnes girl sure is lucky, having caught Max's eye since she was young."
Miranda had been feeling a pang of regret, considering Brielle's current connection with Max. If Brielle whispered in his ear, the Haywood family would surely face consequences. But as she heard them talk about Max's trip abroad, a smug look crossed her face. It seemed Brielle couldn't hold onto him.
Max had left an injured Brielle behind to see Alivia overseas. The priorities were clear; the scales had tipped.
###Chapter 270
Chapter 270
A shadow of darkness flitted across her eyes. If that was the case, why couldn't they get Lillian out?
As Miranda mulled over this, her cell phone rang. It was Robert calling. Robert sounded irritated, "Where are you? We've got the full picture on Lillian's situation. The police are adamant-as long as Brielle doesn't crack, Lillian isn't going anywhere."
A chill ran through Miranda's gaze; it seemed she had been too lenient with Brielle earlier, and now she was still refusing to settle things privately.
Robert's next words deflated her completely. "Stay away from Brielle for now. The Haywood family's clients have all been poached by rival firms, and they're crucial to us. None of them. are taking my calls. I suspect Max is behind this. If it's really him, then the Haywood family is in jeopardy. He's taking it out for Brielle because of what Lillian did. Don't stir up more trouble. Miranda's vision went dark, her heart pounding at the thought of her recent actions. "Honey, are you sure? I heard Max left the country. Why would he care about Brielle? Could there be some
mistake?"
Robert took a deep breath, not wanting to explain too much. All these women ever thought. about were their petty squabbles. "Just steer clear of her. If Max really swiped the Haywood family's clients, he's likely got more up his sleeve."
Before he could finish, Cameron walked in, an aura of gloom about him. "Father, we've lost. another bunch of clients. They've all signed with our competitors. A dozen partners served us. termination notices all at once. I just got a call from the shareholders-they're calling an emergency meeting. Things are looking grim."
Cameron slumped down, rubbing his hair in frustration. "I reached out to some close partners. They were evasive, hinting we'd crossed someone. Even Mr. Connor from Apex Dynamics won't take my calls." Anxiety creased Cameron's face. His phone rang, and he picked up urgently. The news from the other end was so shocking, his phone clattered to the floor.
"What's going on?" Robert exclaimed, startled.
Cameron turned, his eyes devoid of life. "Mr. Connor got in touch. It's Max. He didn't say much. just that, then hung up. Dad, we're done for."
Miranda, still on the line, heard every word. The mere mention of Max sent their minds. crashing, unable to think.
When this business prodigy made a move, others stood little chance, especially with ant apparent vendetta against the Haywood family.
Miranda stood up, panic-stricken, her palms slick with sweat. Max was targeting the Haywood
Chapter 270
family because of Brielle? But she had just spilled coffee on Brielle. What now?
Catherine, seeing Miranda's distress after the call, hurriedly asked, "What's wrong?"
Before Miranda could answer, Catherine's own phone rang. It was her husband. With a smile, she excused herself from the other ladies and answered.
Her husband's voice was urgent, becoming serious and grave by the end of the call. "Max has made a move against the Haywood family. Keep it under wraps for now, and avoid the Haywoods. Max means business this time."
Confusion crossed Catherine's face. Why would Max target the Haywood family? Weren't Lillian and Spencer childhood sweethearts?
"What's he got against the Haywood family?" Catherine asked, glancing at a frantic Miranda; this had to be serious. After all, when Max made a move, what chance did the others have? The Haywood family must be down on their luck.
"I just had dinner with Mr. Connor from Apex Dynamics. It took some coaxing, but he admitted it's because of Brielle. Max has taken a shine to her, and now she's in his heart. Lillian paid at driver to hit Brielle, sending her to the hospital with a broken leg. Max is furious, defending his lady's honor. That Brielle must be something else."
Catherine felt a shiver down her spine, swallowing hard. Was it the Brielle she knew? "Which Brielle, honey? Are you sure you're not joking? Isn't Brielle Spencer's ex-fiancée?!"
###Chapter 271
Chapter 271
"That's the one. Yeah, so I'm as puzzled as you are about why he'd go after someone else's cast-off wife. The truth is still up in the air, but the Haywood's bad luck seems to be a done deal. You better steer clear of those tea parties with them."
In this circle, there truly were no real friends; it was all about what you could gain from each. other. Knowing full well the Haywoods are on the brink of disaster, who would want to muddy the waters with them? Catherine breathed a sigh of relief. As long as the reason wasn't confirmed, there was hope. If it turned out to be because of Brielle, her recent outburst could spell doom for Kingston Enterprises.
She comforted herself inwardly. Connor from Apex Dynamics was always a wild card, flirting all over town, creating chaos wherever he went. If it weren't for his hefty bank account and solid backing, no one would give him the time of day. What truth could come from the mouth of such a man?
Catherine felt a hundred percent assured. After putting down her phone and seeing Miranda approaching for a chat, she quickly got to her feet. "I've got a family emergency, I must go."
But Miranda had already started speaking. "Catherine, darling, my husband has been trying to get hold of someone at Kingston Enterprises, but no one's answering. Do you think you could..."
She was cut off mid-sentence. "Miranda, I really can't help you with this. My husband just called, asking me to stay away from trouble. If we weren't such good friends, I wouldn't have breathed a word of this. Maybe you should look into why Max has suddenly turned against
you."
Miranda's complexion turned ashen. Could it all be because of Brielle?
She couldn't sit still any longer and stood up quickly, needing to get to the bottom of this by asking at home.
Back home, Robert was planted on the couch, his face ghostly pale. He had made countless calls, either going unanswered or being told they couldn't help. It was clear to see that there was an impending storm over the Haywood family.
A flicker of rage crossed Robert's eyes. "Cameron, go talk to Brielle personally. Ask her if she still cares about Julian's well-being at all. If she lets Max continue like this, we'll spill the beans to your grandfather. Even in his care home, he won't rest easy. If something happens to him, Brielle will live with the guilt for the rest of her life."
They had to act now or the Haywood family would be finished.
Cameron was already on his feet, ready to head out. Robert's voice followed him, "And lay off Brielle, will you? Have a word with your mom too. I'm worried she'll stir up trouble over Lillian's issue." Chapter 271
Cameron nodded. What neither of them knew was that Miranda had already provoked Brielle just half an hour earlier.
The news that the Haywood family's clients were terminating their contracts hadn't spread outside their circle yet. If it leaked, their stock would plummet overnight. And if it hit rock. bottom, bankruptcy for the Haywood family was a real possibility.
Max didn't seem like he intended to stop until he had driven them into the ground. Since it was all for Brielle that Max was targeting the Haywoods, only Brielle could untie this knot for them. They had to find her.
Meanwhile, Brielle had already been rushed to the hospital, sweating from the pain.
Aubree made sure she was settled, shocked by the sight of her newly cracked cast. "How much force did that woman use?"
The doctor crouched by Brielle's leg, removing the cast to examine the injury.
"A secondary fracture, more dangerous than the first. Ms. Brielle, for the sake of your leg, you should really stay in the hospital for a while."
Brielle just grimaced, unable to utter a word.
After securing the leg again and ordering the administration of anti-inflammatory shots, the doctor left the room.
The intense pain had subsided, leaving Brielle feeling nothing but exhaustion. Aubree, standing by her side, was livid. "Bri, I'm going to give Miranda a piece of my mind."
Brielle lifted her weary eyelids and slowly shook her head, her gaze resolute. "I'll handle it myself."
Aubree paused, her frown deepening. "You should rest. I'm going to grab something for you."
Once downstairs in the hospital, Aubree thought for a moment and dug out a number she had saved before. It was Max's number; he had called her once because of Brielle. Without hesitation, she dialed it.
###Chapter 272
Chapter 272
"Hello?" Max's voice, raspy with exhaustion, filtered through the phone as he rubbed the bridge. of his nose, sitting in his car. "Who's this?"
It seemed he hadn't saved Aubree's number after their last call. Aubree's nose twitched with irritation. "Mr. Dorsey, it's Aubree."
Max's eyelashes fluttered slightly. He'd just picked up a group of executives from overseas at the airport and had meetings lined up every day. His schedule was packed, and he hadn't planned on getting involved with Brielle again.
But now. Brielle's friend was on the line.
His fingers tugged at the tie around his neck, as if loosening it would make breathing easier, would soothe the restlessness within him. "What's up?" He managed to keep his tone controlled, not too eager. Aubree snorted sarcastically as she sat down on a nearby chair. "I thought you were different from Andrew, Mr. Dorsey. Guess I was wrong."
"Aubree, cut to the chase. Don't beat around the bush."
"Bri's in the hospital."
Max straightened up instantly. Brielle had just left the hospital. How could she be....
But then he remembered the lies she had told and the bubbling emotions in his eyes cooled. "So?"
The casualness in his voice made Aubree pause, then she laughed bitterly. She wondered why she was even calling Max. If he could be friends with someone like Andrew, what kind of man could Max be? Brielle had been blinded by illusions before.
Men are all the same.
"Never mind, I won't bother you, Mr. Dorsey. I'll take care of Bri."
Max stared at the disconnected call, his lashes drooping after a long while before asking Patrick in the front seat. "Find out what happened to Brielle."
As soon as the car pulled up to Premier Palace, Patrick had the information. "Sir, Ms. Brielle suffered a secondary fracture in her leg due to external force. The doctor has ordered her to be hospitalized."
"What kind of external force?"
"Miranda from the Haywood family and Catherine from Kingston Enterprises had a
confrontation with Ms. Brielle. She was kicked in the leg and had coffee spilled on her head before being taken to the hospital by Aubree."
Patrick's response was calm, but the temperature in the living room seemed to plummet, the air
Chapter 27:
turning into icy shards.
Max played with the black beads on his wrist, his eyes frosting over.
After Patrick finished his report, he tried to make himself as inconspicuous as possible, waiting
for further instructions.
Max looked up and chuckled coldly. "Kingston Enterprises is in the bidding list, aren't they? Kick
them out."
Kingston Enterprises had made it to the final list after a tough competition, only to be easily. usurped by the runner-up due to this incident.
Max's eyes were full of coldness. The Haywood family was troubling Brielle again, "Speed things up with the Haywood family. And as for the one in jail, don't let her out."
The one in jail was Lillian. Without Max's intervention, the Haywood family would have settled Lillian's matter with money long ago.
"Understood, I'm on it."
After Patrick responded, he paused, then added. "Sir, there's another force targeting the Haywood family. They've been entrenched in Beaconsfield for years, with quite deep roots. This new player is causing them to fall faster, but we can't find out who it is yet."
Another force?
Max's brow furrowed. The Haywood family had been successful for years, even connected to the Dorsey family. Who would target them in the shadows, especially at this crucial moment? Max glanced at his rosary, flicking it with his finger. "Find out who it is."
Patrick nodded, respectfully asking. "Should we take action?"
"No need. A fox always shows its tail."
After Patrick left, Max's finger lingered on the rosary, the chill seeping through his skin, unable to extinguish the spark rising within him.
He found himself eager to contact Brielle and find out how she was doing. He picked up his phone, hesitated for a few minutes, then slowly put it down again. He had never been so torn.
Her leg should be okay, right? A secondary fracture must hurt, but she'd be fine with proper hospital care.
If he'd decided to end things, he shouldn't leave any loose ends. He was a businessman, through and through. He should know this was an unprofitable investment.
Max closed his eyes again, yet despite his thoughts, he still arranged for the hospital to watch over Brielle, to ensure no more accidents.
Actions betray the heart, and he didn't understand this was something called affection.
Chapter 273
###Chapter 273
Chapter 273
In the depths of a subterranean pool in Beaconsfield, a man emerged from the water, droplets cascading from his chin, tracing the muscled contours of his chest, before reaching the enigmatic zone at his waist.
His broad shoulders tapered to a narrow waist, the sculpted lines of his abdomen alluring in
their definition.
A butler, immaculate in white gloves, hurried over, bowing respectfully, extending a plush towel to the man. Taking the towel, the man began to dry his hair with a swift motion.
Someone had been waiting for him, and upon his emergence, quickly stood up, "King, things. with the Haywood family are wrapping up fast. Max's crew isn't pulling punches, and with our involvement, they won't last much longer."
The man called King chuckled but remained silent.
The report continued, "But Miss Brielle's been hospitalized. The Haywood family are really bold, stirring trouble at a time like this. Should we keep our hands in the game?"
Wrapping the towel around his waist, King strode forward, "How bad is she hurt? Who's behind it?"
"It's serious, and it's tied to the Haywood family and Kingston Enterprises."
King eased into a seat, accepting a glass of red wine from the butler, his eyes narrowing thoughtfully. "Max will act. Whether it's the Haywood family or Kingston Enterprises, he won't stand idly by." "But Miss Brielle might..."
King took a sip of wine, his gaze drifting to the brightly lit distance, his eyes shimmering with a hidden dance of light and shadow. "Falling for him?"
Believing in someone was an ordeal, let alone sharing one's happiness and grief with another. This was even more challenging when that person was Max. Max was undoubtedly more composed and ruthless than the average person. Even if he could love, it wouldn't come so quickly.
“She's not one to fall easily, and as for Max, he's even less likely. So we wait." He swirled the wine in his glass, a sly smile creeping across his lips, "When the time comes, we'll just have to make things a tad more challenging for Max."
The last flowers he sent weren't to her liking. It's time to try something different.
His fingers twirled the stem of the glass, a sharp glint flitting across his eyes, then vanishing as quickly as it came, replaced by an expanding grin, "I think I know just what she'll fancy."
Those nearby, witnessing his smile, felt a shiver run down their spine.
Chapter 2/3
King claimed he fancied Brielle, yet he wasn't rushing to cast his net. Instead, he watched with a detached air as storms brewed within Beaconsfield.
What was he waiting for? No one knew.
Rising from his chair, King set his wine glass aside, donned an impeccable suit, and accepted a mask from the butler before heading to the underground casino. This was his realm, a hub for the affluent youth who came and went in droves.
Upon seeing his masked visage, the crowd parted, greeting him with reverence. His thinly veiled smile was warm, but his eyes were cold as ice.
The young elites' favorite gambling den was a place of heaven or hell with just a thought, all at the whim of the noble young man surrounded by the crowd.
King approached the grandest gambling table and sat down, beckoning with a few casual flicks of his fingers.
The butler nodded, whispering something into his ear, and King raised an eyebrow, his lips curling into a mischievous smirk. "Perfect, let him lose his chips. Consider it a little favor for Bri."
Perhaps even Brielle herself was unaware of such a character lurking within Beaconsfield.
Between Max and King, the Haywood family was like fish on a chopping block, ready for the taking.
However, when cornered, people often resorted to extremes, and the Haywood clan was already of questionable character.
Brielle awoke suddenly in the middle of the night to thunder and lightning. She sighed in relief, about to wipe the sweat from her brow when she sensed a presence close by. Straining her eyes, she saw nothing but the shadows of the man at her bedside, cast by the lamplight. filtering through the window.
Her pupils dilated, and tears flooded her eyes
The room was thick with a familiar scent, seeping into her pores, soothing her unease. It was Max, visiting her in the dead of night. She quickly shut her eyes, pretending to still be asleep.
Max sat at the bedside, occupied with pouring water, not noticing the brief moment when she opened her eyes midway. He couldn't resist coming to see her, intending only a brief glance.
Noticing her parched lips, he dipped a cotton swab in water and gently moistened her lips. She must be feverish, with so much sweat on her brow.
Max took a wet wipe and dabbed at her forehead, then carefully wiped down her neck. He rarely cared for others, and his movements were unpracticed. Brielle sniffed, holding back tears. Her heart felt as if it had been punched, contracting violently. aching intensely.
2/2
###Chapter 274
Chapter 274
Brielle couldn't shake the feeling that she was trapped in a dream. Her mind wandered back to her college days.
That year, she had the fortune to accompany her professor on a trip to the desert, where she met the nomadic tribes that roamed the sands. At night, they would tether their camels, and come morning, they'd release them. Yet, the camels never strayed too far, forever remembering the night spent tied beneath the tree. It was much like the pain Brielle had endured, firmly anchoring her to the present.
The little girl who begged for survival, the girl who hid in a corner crying after being struck by a stranger, the girl who yearned for a home, and the girl who discovered the affair between Spencer and Lillian... She thought she had come out of it all, but when facing Max, she realized she had never really escaped.
No matter how confident she presented herself, deep down she was acutely aware that she and Max, a man favored by fortune, were worlds apart.
In moments free of worry, her past poverty merely meant the difference between having a simple bread roll and a steak for dinner, never detracting from her happiness. But once her heart fluttered for someone, she deeply felt the inferiority that poverty wrought. That inferiority
was exclusive to her time with him.
And Max? He could never truly comprehend it.
Max finished wiping her neck, then grabbed her hand, drying each fingertip meticulously. After attending to her left hand, he moved on to the right. While wiping, his fingers lingered on her lips, gently pressing down.
A sudden urge to confess washed over him.
He had kept a close watch on Spencer, making sure the man stayed alive. Whatever Brielle intended to negotiate with Spencer for Ryan's sake, he had decided not to interfere, always waiting for her to approach him. But Brielle seemed to have no such plans. Her heart was as hard as stone.
His hands clenched slightly in irritation, but then he worried he might actually hurt her and eased the pressure.
Now, at three in the morning, he finished his task and stepped out of the hospital room. The places he had touched felt cool; Brielle slowly opened her eyes. She sat up, caressing her cheek, then turned her head in stunned silence towards the door.
Perhaps too shocked to fully wake, words escaped her.
Once he left, reality hit her. She hastily threw off the covers to get out of bed. There were so many things she wanted to say, even if just a word or two. But with a re-injured leg, the pain Chapter 274
was too much, not to mention a slight infection had caused a fever overnight, sapping her strength.
She grabbed a nearby crutch, managed a single step, and stumbled to the floor. With sheer determination, she tossed the crutch aside and dragged her leg behind her, enduring the pain as she followed. As she neared the corner, she caught sight of Max by the elevator, her eyes lighting up with hope. Just as she was about to speak, Max's phone rang. He seemed exhausted, rubbing his temples before answering. “Alivia, you're coming back to the country? When?"
The name 'Alivia' hit Brielle like a heavy nail, pinning her in place. It was like a cup of poison. silencing her throat. She couldn't speak, couldn't move forward. Attraction is strange. You can't help but draw closer, mustering the courage to explore, yet when they show the slightest frown, you retreat to where you started. Brielle did just that, her newfound courage shattered.
Alivia was returning home, and to everyone in the Dorsey family, and even to those in Beaconsfield, Alivia and Max were a match made in heaven.
And what was she in comparison?
Max's kindness stemmed from good manners. Had it not been for their past encounter, he would have protected any woman just the same.
The bitterness spreading from her chest nearly drowned her. Brielle stopped listening, painfully made her way back to the hospital room, leaning against the wall for support.
She had almost fooled herself into thinking he cared, but how could she forget about Alivia? He had even said he'd never considered marrying her.
Even if she managed to stop him now, he was bound to leave eventually. Rather than live in constant fear of loss, it was better not to start anything at all.
In that respect, she and Max were alike. Two overly rational people, aspiring to be together. destined to face trials and tribulations.
###Chapter 275
Chapter 275
Back in her hospital room, Brielle slipped back into a restless slumber, oblivious to the chaos that was unravelling within the Haywood household.
Since the afternoon, their remaining partners had followed suit in terminating contracts, and the news was getting harder to contain by the minute. The Haywood residence was ablaze with lights: sleep was the last thing on anyone's mind.
Robert ran his fingers through his hair in sheer panic. Decorum was the least of his worries now. As dawn broke, the media would be like sharks to blood, and the Haywood stock would plummet.
Those in the know were aware of who was targeting them, and no one dared to invest at such a crucial time. The Haywoods were on the brink of ruin, and everyone could feel it. Not even a gasp for air seemed possible.
With his chest trembling in anxiety, Robert turned to Cameron. "Have you gotten in touch with Brielle? We're running out of time. Send more people to find her. She must beg Max for mercy." Miranda, sitting between the two men, wore an even grimmer expression. Recalling the day's events, her lips tightened. "Brielle should be in the hospital."
Robert looked at her, surprised. "How do you know?"
Twisting her hands nervously, Miranda recounted the day's events. As she finished, Robert's anger erupted, and he struck her across the face.
Miranda's head jerked to the side. She touched her cheek in disbelief, the twisted anger on Robert's face silencing her.
"I've said it before, don't provoke her in the short term! She has Max backing her now, and you still went to start trouble. You'd better find a way to calm Brielle down. Cameron, go with your mother, and while you're at it, visit your grandfather. This matter must be resolved before noon tomorrow."
Cameron looked equally disturbed. Lillian was still in custody, and now this disaster had befallen the Haywoods. "Dad, Lillian, she..."
Disgust flickered in Robert's eyes.
"Without that good-for-nothing, would the Haywoods have come to this? If only she never appeared. Brielle would still be our daughter, connected to Max, and we'd have everything. Instead, we welcomed back a black sheep, what a curse!"
"Dad, how can you say that? Lillian has Haywood blood, and Brielle, no matter how capable, is just some bastard that popped out of nowhere."
"Bastard? That 'bastard' has Max on her side, who dares call her that now? Lillian was so eager to go against her, but she never measures her own capabilities. This mess is her doing. Max. Chapter 275
clearly doesn't want to let her go. What can we do? Her imprisonment is already a certainty."
Robert rubbed his temples, feeling an unbearable irritation.
The last time Lillian drugged Max, he didn't pursue it, but she was foolish enough to provoke him again and again.
What a moron!
Miranda, struck by Robert's words, sat sobbing, her face in her hands. "How can we let Lillian go to jail? She's my flesh and blood. If she goes to jail, wouldn't her life be ruined? Brielle already owes Lillian. Would she really ruin her life? That wicked woman!"
In Miranda's eyes, everything was Brielle's fault. Even though it was Lillian who attempted murder, Brielle was unharmed, wasn't she? So why hold on to it?
Robert, feeling a vein pulse angrily on his forehead, couldn't contain his wrath and slapped her again. "With that brain of yours, no wonder Lillian turned out this way! You even threw coffee at Brielle. Do you want to speed up our downfall?”
Miranda was stupefied, unable to utter a word, just sitting and crying.
Cameron watched the scene unfold with bitter irony. "Dad, I'll find Brielle as soon as I can. For Grandpa's sake, she won't press charges. This is Lillian's fault, but she turned out this way because of the hardships she faced. Don't say these things in front of her. I'll get her out."
Robert exhaled deeply and fell silent.
Meanwhile, in the police station, Lillian curled up against the wall, as if to disappear into it. She spent every moment cursing Brielle. If she got out, she'd find another chance to kill her.
Right, she'd also spread the word about Brielle and Max, so the rest of the Dorsey family would. turn against Brielle.
Ever since her last call with Miranda, the police
had cut off any contact with her family. She felt like she was marooned on an island, completely isolated from the world.
It was all because of that bitch Brielle.
Max had pushed her to this edge for Brielle.
Damn it all.
###Chapter 276
Chapter 276
Lillian felt like her chest was on fire, itching to bolt out the door right then and there. She caught the faintest sound outside her room and perked up her ears, then slowly rose to her feet.
The hallway was dimly lit, casting a gloomy pallor as someone entered. Because of the backlight, she couldn't see the face clearly, but she felt a murderous aura emanating from the person in front. She recoiled in fear, her voice rising for a scream. However, her mouth was swiftly covered, and in the dead of night, a dagger glinted coldly as it swiftly severed three of her fingers.
Lillian, sweating in agony, forgot to scream, and simply passed out from the pain. The man collected her fingers carefully, placing them in a box he had prepared.
As Lillian lost consciousness, her mind was a whirl of terror and rage. Who could it be? Who would commit such violence in a police station.
Was it Max? Was it Brielle, sending Max's man to assassinate her? Those snakes! She'd make them pay once she got out!
The next morning, as Brielle awoke, she found herself still in the hospital.
Aubree had prepared a nourishing soup for her, placing it in her hands as she came to. "Eat up. I got up at the crack of dawn to make this."
Brielle managed a pale smile, looking even more wan. Seeing Brielle like this, Aubree felt a twinge of pity, especially recalling that phone call she made to Max, and began to comfort her. "Bri, you were dreaming."
Brielle blinked in confusion, hoping she hadn't said anything strange, but Aubree's expression made her uncertain.
Aubree's lips were pressed tight, and after a long sigh, she said, "Seems like you know what you dreamed about."
Brielle's grip on the bedsheets tightened. Of course, she knew. She dreamed of Max, holding Alivia as they walked into a grand hall. She dreamed Max looked at her with scorn, telling her not to flatter herself with delusions.
She cried throughout the dream, even asking that question. "Did you ever care for me at all?"
"Never."
What he said was more devastating than any bombshell, shredding her dream-self to pieces.
She's awake now, and all that remained was embarrassment. How could she have such a dream, and Aubree had caught her red-handed.
She opened her mouth to defend herself, only to hear Aubree say, "You were crying and calling out Max's name."
1/3
Chapter 276
Aubree didn't allow her any room to retreat, forcefully exposing her hidden thoughts. Brielle felt every pore on her body sweating, her palms clammy. "Aubree, it was just a nightmare." She offered a feeble defense.
Aubree snorted, particularly irritated thinking of Max's dismissive attitude on the phone. "A nightmare? What, did you dream Max ran off with another woman?"
The accusation hit home. Brielle's grip on the blanket tightened, her teeth biting into her lip.
Aubree exhaled a sigh, not wanting to be harsh. Max hadn't even shown his hand yet, and Brielle was already losing her heart. She couldn't outplay Max, who, at sixteen, was already a Wall Street shark capable of maneuvering her like a pawn.
Max was far more formidable than Andrew.
Aubree's face was stern. "Bri, I only now realize half your pain is from your leg, the other half is Max. But there's no future there. Once you're better, just focus on work. Keep busy, like you told me, and you'll forget him."
Brielle's hand stiffened, her lips pressed. Tthere was no point in hiding any longer. "Max gave me a card. If it was about the money, maybe I wouldn't have to work for the rest of my life."
Aubree heard the bitterness in her voice, placing her hands on Brielle's shoulders. "Then go travel. It's just a man, and you'll forget about him soon enough."
Her words lacked conviction; after all, with the way Andrew treated her, she was still head over heels for him.
Brielle's, lashes dropped, her eyes warming, "Aubree, what really is "love"?"
The question echoed one Max had asked Kenzo. What was love?
She'd been engaged once, and now she was asking this, it seemed she'd never understood what it meant to love.
Aubree paused, reflecting. "Didn't you love Spencer once?"
I
"I don't know, I just felt that since he was my fiancé, the one I was supposed to spend my life with, I should be good to him."
They had known each other for years. But did she really love Spencer?
The emotions she felt back then were nothing compared to what she felt last night. Just seeing Max, just smelling his scent, made her eyes burn and her nose tingle.
Maybe because she'd never really cared for someone before, she needed to know if what she felt for Max was real.
Aubree sat by the hospital bed, silently setting out some snacks, and after a while, in a hoarse voice said, "Love is superficial, so much so that a drink can drown it, a good sleep can end it. Not understanding it is no big deal
"Is that so?"
Chapter 276
Brielle asked only that, then began to sip her soup in silence.
###Chapter 277
Chapter 277
The knock on the hospital room door made her furrow her brow, and both she and Aubree turned toward the entrant. Their expressions soured instantly upon recognizing the newcomers. lit was Cameron and Miranda. What kind of drama were these two brewing now?
Miranda, catching sight of Brielle's pale and weakened state, could barely suppress the urge to hex her with every vile curse she knew. Why hadn't that damn driver finished the job? Brielle alive was nothing but a calamity.
Brielle's face turned icy. "What brings you here?"
Cameron closed the door behind him, his face etched with fatigue. Tracking down Brielle had been no small feat. "Brielle, do you have any idea what Max is up to? He's targeting the Haywoods. Every single client has been poached, and partners are cutting ties left and right. In a matter of days, the Haywoods will be bankrupt.”
"And what's that to me?" Brielle's tone was indifferent as she aimed to continue with her oatmeal, the very picture of unconcern.
Fuming. Miranda advanced, ready to send Brielle's bowl flying.
A sharp look crossed Brielle's eyes as she met Miranda's gaze, "Try it, I dare you."
Miranda recoiled, fear flickering in her eyes, but remembering their mission, she clenched her teeth. "If you hadn't shamelessly thrown yourself at Max, why would he have targeted us? He's after us because of you. You need to fix this mess."
"Need to?" Brielle couldn't help but chuckle at the entitlement in Miranda's voice, leisurely continuing her meal.
"Unless I'm mistaken, you're here to beg, right? Is that how you ask for favors?"
Miranda shook with anger, her face a kaleidoscope of fury. Before she could act on her impulse to spill the bowl, Brielle preempted her, flipping the soup right onto Miranda's head.
Dumbstruck, Miranda felt the thick soup slide down her cheeks.
"That's for the coffee you threw, Miranda," Brielle said, accepting a napkin from Aubree and meticulously wiping her fingers.
With her face smeared in soup, Miranda's lips turned an ugly shade of blue.
Cameron, who had been silent, stopped any further outburst and stared coldly at Brielle. He knew well before coming that Brielle would not be inclined to help the Haywoods. It was time for his trump card. "Brielle, what about Grandpa if the family goes under? His health is already failing. He needs constant care at the sanatorium. If he hears about the bankruptcy, how long do you think he'll last? The Haywood clan might have turned their backs on you, but Grandpa has always been there for you with an open heart. Do you want to be responsible for his demise, and live with that guilt forever?"
1/2
14:35
Chapter 277
Brielle's lashes quivered, her grip on the blanket tightening unconsciously. Grandpa Julian had indeed always been her champion, the only one opposing the idea of bringing Lillian from the orphanage into the Haywood home, claiming it wasn't fair to Brielle. But at the time, Brielle, considering the bond with Lillian, had convinced Julian, and thus Lillian came to stay.
Since then. Julian had always been by her side, spoiling her with little gifts until he had that fall, which led to years of slumber and subsequently, a life confined to the sanatorium, his health deteriorating day by day. Scarcely any of the Haywoods visited him, leaving him in his solitude. Brielle hadn't set foot in the sanatorium since learning about Lillian's affair with Spencer - Julian adored Spencer, believing he would bring her happiness. And she was particularly bad at lying to such a loving elder, so avoidance had been her tactic.
Now, however, the Haywoods were using Grandpa Julian to strong-arm her once again.
Cameron, seeing a shift in her, pressed on. "Grandpa doesn't have many years left. He's been comfortable in the sanatorium. Do you really want to disrupt his peace, burden him with the family's troubles?" A wave of nausea hit Brielle, revolted by their attitude. Julian was their kin as well, yet it seemed she was the only one who cared for him now.
Brielle knew that if she stayed silent, the Haywoods, true to form, would waste no time involving Julian. Her grip on the blanket grew fierce, the veins on her hands standing out as a testament to her rising anger.
###Chapter 278
Chapter 278
Cameron thought he had the upper hand, his face relaxing into a smug grin. "Brielle, Lillian's still holed up at the police station because of you. Julian would never stand to see a Haywood in trouble, least of all his own granddaughter. You need to make a call, drop the charges over her buying off that driver, and then we can all be merry."
Brielle leaned back, trying to keep her expression steady. The more you panic now, the more they'll walk all over you. "Only you Haywoods are merry, not me," she said coolly. "Julian is your kin, and you are now using him to threaten me? You really have no shame.
Cameron narrowed his eyes, his voice laced with mockery. "And you have some? The former fiancée of Spencer, now cozying up with his uncle, Max. If the Dorseys got wind of this, what do you think they'd do to you, Brielle? Let's compromise. You get Max to back off and drop the lawsuit against Lillian, we keep quiet, and everyone's at peace. Sounds good, doesn't it?"
A shadow crossed Brielle's eyes. She had faced the Haywoods' shamelessness before, but this was revolting.
She had brokered several major deals for the Haywoods, deals she could now leverage to hasten their demise. But that would only make them more desperate, putting Julian in greater danger. She needed to establish her own company, fast. She couldn't let them exploit her weaknesses again...
As the standoff continued, a knock on the hospital room door announced the arrival of the doctor. The doctor handed Brielle a neatly wrapped box, his voice tinged with envy. "Ms. Brielle, someone just dropped this off for you. I think you'll be very pleased with it."
A gift? Brielle paused, thinking of Max. Was it from him?
She couldn't care less about the Haywoods now, her fingers trembling as she opened the box. Her pupils dilated in shock, and reflexively, she tried to close it. But the box slipped, its lid flung open, and several fingers tumbled out.
Treated to look like macabre art, the fingers were bloodless, yet they still sent chills down the spine.
Brielle's face remained stoic, but Aubree, standing nearby, gagged and retched into a waste bin. A small note fluttered out of the box, which Cameron, pale as a ghost, picked up. It read-Lillian's fingers, Bri, do you like them?
Cameron's face twisted in horror, his hand trembling.
Miranda snatched the note, fainted away after reading it.
Cameron, staring at the composed Brielle, thought of her earlier attempt to hide the box. Grinding his teeth, he wished he could tear her in two. "Brielle! What is this?! You wicked Chapter 270
woman, Lillian's already in trouble because of you, and now you have her fingers chopped off! You witch!" Cameron's eyes were bloodshot, his mind devoid of reason as he lunged forward, grabbing Brielle's collar.
"Do you think just because you have Max on your side, I wouldn't touch you?"
Brielle felt nauseous but kept her face cold. "Lillian has crossed many people; how am I supposed to know who did this?" Cameron, fueled by rage, clenched his fist, ready to tear her collar.
"You bi-
"Slap!"
Before finishing the scolding, Brielle had already slapped him across the face. The crisp sound echoed in the hospital room. Cameron froze, his grip loosening.
Brielle glanced at the fingers on the floor, her brows furrowed. "Get out. The Haywoods aren't welcome here."
Pushed back, Cameron stumbled, his eyes blazing with hatred as he comprehended the situation.
###Chapter 279
Chapter 279
The hatred was like lava, scalding Brielle's heart until it trembled. She feared Cameron might take another drastic measure, but he merely gazed at her with profound intensity, barely clinging to his sanity.
"Lillian's lost three fingers, Brielle. If you want Grandpa to live out his days in peace, you'll tell Max to back off. Lillian should be out of the station by now. Three fingers should suffice to quench your grudge, right? If I don't get your call by six tonight, I'll pay Grandpa a visit.
With that, he followed the doctor who had entered, helping Miranda as they left.
The moment the hospital door shut, Aubree retched again, her face deathly pale. "Were those really Lillian's fingers?"
Brielle leaned back against her pillow, her voice calm. "Yeah."
This was Aubree's first brush with such a scene, her stomach churning with acid, feeling as if her very teeth were souring. "Bri, Max couldn't have done this, could he?" "No, it wasn't him."
Maybe Max had another side to him, but he'd never present such a gruesome gift.
Then who? Who harbored such deep resentment towards Lillian? Her head throbbed with the effort of thinking, but no clear leads emerged.
Aubree packed away the food she'd brought, tossing it into the trash can. "Could it be someone. else from the Dorsey family trying to scare you?"
Brielle considered William and Ryan, but such an act served them no benefit. Besides, Ryan was still searching for Spencer and couldn't afford to be distracted by other matters.
"I don't know."
Brielle's head ached, the shock of those severed fingers still lingering in her mind. And now. with Cameron's threat, should she really contact Max and ask him to stop?
As Cameron had said, Julian was a Haywood through and through. The downfall of the Haywood family would surely affect him. Julian didn't have many days left. Brielle was torn, feeling as though something was drilling into her head.
Sensing Brielle's exhaustion, Aubree stood up. "Bri, don't take this the wrong way, but while Julian's been good to you, you've been just as good to him as well. He's the Haywood's responsibility, not yours. They have no right to use him to manipulate you. Think about all the hurt they've inflicted on you. Can you really let it go just like that? If Max really took action for you, and you tell him to stop, what does that make him? Weigh it out. I'll come and check on you later."
To survive in the cutthroat circles of Beaconsfield, you had to let go of some things-like.
Chapter 279
emotions, like humanity. The more you discarded, the higher you rose. Those who couldn't let go ended up achieving nothing.
If she continued to be shackled by the Haywoods' demands, she would indeed accomplish nothing.
However, Brielle's mind conjured Julian's face, kind and benevolent, one of the most significant figures in her life, along with Mark.
But now, both had become leverage against her.
She glanced down at her legs and smiled faintly.
Downstairs, Miranda had woken up after being pinched at the vital point. The image of those three fingers haunted her vision, making her bolt upright. "Lillian, my poor girl. I must go to your grandfather!" Cameron looked pale, his heart aching unbearably.
The pain Lillian must be feeling without her fingers... Were there other injuries besides her fingers? Who would have the audacity to bypass the police and take matters into their own hands?
Miranda clutched Cameron's arm with a desperate tone. "If we don't act now, we might lose Lillian. We can't wait any longer. Go to the station, and check on Lillian. I'll go see your grandfather and have him plead with Brielle in person. I refuse to believe that Julian kneeling before Brielle won't move her to meet our demands."
A dark look crossed Cameron's eyes. Though it felt somewhat unfair to Grandpa, that old man had been secluded in a care facility for years, his ties with the family fading. Like Brielle, he was becoming a peripheral figure of the Haywoods.
"Alright, I'll go to the station."
He was truly worried about Lillian and needed to see her right away.
Miranda's eyes flashed with malice as she hurriedly left the hospital. Those three fingers, like al curse, were etched deeply into her mind.
Mother and daughter shared a bond; she could almost feel Lillian's agony.
###Chapter 280
Chapter 280
The mere thought of it sent a surge of anger boiling up inside Miranda, threatening to scorch away her sanity.
She parked her car outside the nursing home, but the sight of the deserted entrance knotted her brow in confusion.
What in the world had happened? The Haywood family had placed Julian in this care facility years ago, yet now it looked as if the place had been abandoned.
Weeds had claimed the front walk, and the building bore the unmistakable signs of neglect. Panic fluttered in Miranda's chest. She hastily dialed a few numbers, seeking answers.
It took ten minutes to discover that the nursing home had relocated three years prior.
Three years-Miranda hadn't been back since. She was out of the loop.
Hastily, she got back in her car and drove to the new address. Upon arrival, she saw a nurse wheeling an elderly gentleman out into the sun.
Julian, with his snowy hair and wrinkled, kindly face, was a picture of amiable old age. The nurse was chatting with him, and Julian chuckled, pointing at a robust tree in the courtyard. "Ah, that one was planted by Bri. She's such a devoted girl," he said.
His voice had barely faded when he heard footsteps approaching, sparking a glimmer of hope. Turning, he saw a stranger-not Bri.
Julian!?
Miranda's voice cut through the air as she rushed over and grabbed his arm. "There's trouble with Lillian. We need you to come back." Julian's thoughts were muddled. It took him a while to recognize his daughter-in-law. Hadn't it been three years since he last saw her?
The nurse, observing Miranda's forceful grip, quickly intervened. "Ma'am, the gentleman is frail and his bones are brittle. Please be gentle with him."
But Miranda was beyond listening. Her eyes seethed with resentment. "Julian, it's me. Miranda. Brielle is ruining the Haywood family. That curse, you must talk to her yourself."
A sparkle of clarity crossed Julian's eyes. It had been two months since Bri had visited. Was something amiss? Were she and Spencer still okay?
His memory was failing him. He couldn't remember phone numbers, and his cell phone was lost. All he could do was wait for Bri to come by. Perhaps she was too caught up in work.
He felt a pang of loneliness, his gaze returning to the trees in the courtyard. The one right at the edge was the one he and Bri had planted together. It had grown lush and verdant. "What's happened to Bri?" he asked slowly, catching his breath between words, his eyes full of
14:36:
Chapter 280
hope as he looked at Miranda.
Miranda was seething, unable to fathom why this old fool cherished Brielle so much. "It's a long story, but for now, come with me. You wanted to see Brielle, didn't you? I'll take you to her." Julian nodded, signaling the nurse to help him back inside. But Miranda pushed the nurse aside. "Why go back to the room? We're leaving now!"
"Miranda, I've knitted Bri a scarf and a pair of gloves. Winter is coming, and she'll need them to keep warm."
Miranda clenched her teeth in frustration. "She doesn't care for your knitted gifts anymore. She's climbed the social ladder, doesn't even acknowledge us. She's even threatened to bankrupt the Haywood family. Lillian is stuck at the police station because of her, your son is worried sick, and it's all Brielle's fault."
Julian was dragged forward, struggling for breath. "Miranda, slow down, there's no rush."
The nurse followed, trying to intervene. "Please, ma'am, don't treat him like this."
Miranda snapped back, "Our family is in crisis, and he needs to come with me. This is private family business, and it's no place for an outsider."
Though the nurse disagreed, she was powerless to stop it.
Julian was hustled into the car, gasping for air. "Miranda, please... slow down."
###Chapter 281
Chapter 281
Miranda was on the verge of throwing a fit, but remembering she still needed the old coot, she swallowed her anger.
Such a pain, that old cool!
During the drive, Julian couldn't help but ask about Brielle and Spencer's relationship.
"Are Bri and Spencer getting hitched soon? Spencer's a solid guy, sure to treat his lady right. Bri's tough, but she can be taken advantage of. That kid's had it rough before."
Sarcasm flickered in Miranda's eyes as she continued to tarnish Brielle's reputation. "Getting married? Please, Brielle's got a string of men on the side, and it's the talk of Beaconsfield. Plus, she's now cozying up to Spencer's uncle Max. That Max, you've heard of him, right? With Max backing her, she's out there causing trouble, a real tramp, hopping from one man to the next.
"That shameless slut even admitted to us that she's kept men on the side. Poor Spencer. It's a just shame for our Lillian; she's genuinely fond of Spencer but can't be with him."
As she finished, heavy breathing could be heard from the side. Julian's face was turning red with the effort to breathe, his hands spasming and curling up.
That kid Bri, she was a good girl; she wouldn't do these things. He was desperate to , but felt powerless. "Miranda, stop, stop the car, I need to go back for my medicine, I need my pills."
Miranda, already irritable, grew more impatient. "Brielle's at the hospital. You can hold on for another half hour, and I can drop you off there. We can check you in at their medical center. Julian, the Haywood family needs you right now, and Brielle only listens to you. Hang in there. If we turn back now, we'll lose another half hour."
Julian's lips parted, his cheeks flushed. "No...I forget the meds... Gotta go
back..."
"You always make things so complicated. I told you we're on the way to the hospital, and they have doctors there too. Just bear with it. Lillian's lost three fingers, and she's in a far more critical condition than you. Every minute we delay is another minute of danger for her."
Miranda didn't give Julian another glance but pressed down on the accelerator.
Julian's fingers twitched for a while before his entire body began to convulse, and his eyes. started to roll back.
"Miranda, I need to see Bri."
"I need to see Bri..."
He muttered deliriously, his consciousness fading, his voice slowly diminishing. He remembered the little stash he'd set aside for Bri in a box at the nursing home. It wasn't much, but just shy of two hundred thousand, meant as a gift for her. When she and Spencer tied the knot, he could give it to her to buy some jewelry.
Chapter 281
Julian had handed over the Haywood family assets to Robert a long time ago, keeping nothing for himself. His mind was sometimes clear, sometimes foggy. "Miranda, please, let's go back." Miranda couldn't be bothered to respond and just floored it. An old man, running out of steam, was never going to be as important as her daughter.
The struggle beside her gradually subsided until it stilled completely.
Miranda's eyes were fixed straight ahead; every time she thought of Brielle, her eyes filled with resentment. She had lived with Brielle for years and knew her well. Brielle would never abandon Julian. As long as Julian was around, the Haywood family could weather this storm.
More than an hour later, the car pulled up at the hospital where Brielle was. Miranda unbuckled her seatbelt and glanced at the quiet old man beside her, snickering, "Well, you made it. Here we are. Get out. Brielle is upstairs."
But Julian didn't react.
Out of patience, Miranda shoved him, "We're here. Go talk to Brielle about the Haywood family's issues, then I'll get you a doctor."
However, Julian, nudged by her push, slowly slid down.
Surprise flickered in Miranda's eyes, followed by panic. She raised her hand and placed her fingertips under Julian's nose. His breath was faint. If Julian died, the Haywood family would have no chance of recovery.
Startled, Miranda hurriedly called for a doctor.
The doctors rushed out with a stretcher, performing CPR on Julian as they wheeled him into the
emergency room.
Miranda's heart was racing as if the CPR was being performed on her. She had to do something. A light flickered in her eyes, and she promptly asked a nurse to notify Brielle.
She had to make Brielle feel guilty, remorseful, anguished. Yes! Brielle had to know that this was all her fault.
The nurse was quick to inform, and Brielle hurriedly arrived just in time to see the emergency room doors nearly shut. She paused for a few seconds, then hobbled after them. "Doctor, what happened?"
But the doctors were too preoccupied to explain, simply blocking her from entering. "Family members, please wait outside." With that, they closed the doors behind them.
###Chapter 282
Chapter 282
Brielle stood frozen before the closed hospital door, baffled as to why she had run into Julian here of all places. The nurses hadn't elaborated, but at the mention of Julian's name, Brielle had bolted from the room without a second thought.
It wasn't until she turned that she noticed Miranda huddled in a corner, looking guilty as sin.
Miranda shrank back for a moment but quickly stiffened her spine and retorted with righteous. indignation. "What are you staring at me for? It's his own health that's failing. Who else is there to blame?" Brielle felt a surge of anger welling within her chest, making her head spin.
Miranda crossed her arms and rolled her eyes dismissively. "Well, you saw it yourself. Julian passed out because of your doings. It's all on you, Brielle. You better call Max right away."
With a bitter laugh, Brielle leaned against the wall, her leg pain turning her lips pale, "Because of me?"
"Who else? I told him what you did, and he fainted right at the hospital entrance. If he dies, it's on your head."
Brielle closed her eyes for a moment, her hand hanging by her side slowly clenched into a fist. her nails digging into her palm. "Then you'd better pray he makes it."
Her gaze was dark and unrelenting as she stared at Miranda, who felt a chill run down her spine from the intensity of that stare. How had she forgotten? Brielle was not one to be trifled with, not just for her own capabilities but also because of Max standing behind her.
But the thought of Lillian's three severed fingers fueled her hatred for Brielle, wishing this woman would just drop dead.
Faced with the current situation, Miranda could not provoke Brielle further with harsh words.
The fate of the Haywood family was tied to Brielle, and Miranda couldn't risk it, so she clamped her mouth shut.
The resuscitation room light finally came on, casting a somber glow down the hallway. Brielle sat in silence, treating Miranda as if she was invisible. A chill ran through her eyes, her lips pressed together in a cold, hard line.
The air in the hallway was frigid, the atmosphere heavy with sorrow. Brielle remained seated, waiting for news about Julian.
The light stayed on in the resuscitation room, and it wasn't until half an hour later that a doctor emerged, his mask still on, forehead beaded with sweat, cheeks marked with exhaustion.
The doctor slowly removed his mask, and the expressions of the medical team behind him were grim. Seeing their faces, Miranda's heart skipped a beat, her palms slick with sweat.
Chapter 282
As feared, the doctor shook his head gravely. "I'm sorry, we missed the critical window. We did everything we could. I believe he has some last words. The family should come in to say their goodbyes." It was like a bolt from the blue for Brielle, her knees nearly buckling, her vision blurring with darkness. How could this be happening?
Meanwhile, Miranda had already stormed up to the doctor, grabbing him by the scrubs, her voice filled with desperate fury.
"What kind of sick joke is this?! He was fine when he arrived, wasn't he? How could he suddenly be on his deathbed? Quacks, all of you! I'll sue you! You're all murderers! Just wait for the court
summons."
She then turned her twisted face to Brielle. "Are you happy now?! If you hadn't made Max move against the Haywood family, grandpa wouldn't have collapsed. It's all your fault, Brielle. How can you live with yourself? Even as a ghost, he won't let you be. He should've never been so kind to you. No good deed goes unpunished."
###Chapter 283
Chapter 283
Brielle felt as if her legs had turned to jelly, and her walking cane clattered to the floor with a sound that seemed to echo through the sterile silence of the hospital corridor. She could hardly make out what Miranda was babbling about; to her, everyone's lips seemed to be moving in slow motion, like fish gasping for air on dry land.
Her eyes locked onto Julian as he was wheeled out, his gaunt face was ashen and lifeless. It was as if the scene jolted her back to reality, and she suddenly found the strength to walk over to the bedside. "Grandpa, can you hear me? It's me, Bri."
Julian clung to life by a thread, his eyes murky, reflecting the dim light like polluted water. At the sound of her voice, a faint spark of recognition flickered in him. "Bri..."
Tears streamed down Brielle's cheeks as she took his hand, "Yes, it's me."
Julian struggled to sit up, but he was too exhausted. His lips parted with great effort, and after what seemed like an eternity, he whispered, "Money."
But Brielle couldn't understand. Tears blurred her vision as she leaned closer to catch his words.
"Money in the chest, for Bri."
Hearing the word 'dowry,' Brielle squeezed his hand tighter, "I understand, the money."
A look of relief passed over Julian's face, as if this was the last unfinished business he had. His eyelids were heavy, fighting to stay open, but he managed a tender smile.
"Live well, Bri."
This was the second time Julian had told her to live well. The first time was years ago when Julian had been rushed to the hospital after a fall. He had said it with such gravity then. Live well.
In the blink of an eye, so many years had passed. Julian had survived that trip to the emergency room, and how Brielle wished this time would be the same. But after those words. Julian gave her a kind smile, and then his eyes slowly closed.
"Grandpa!" Brielle cried out, her eyes wide with shock, gripping his wrist in desperation. Julian's warmth gradually faded, his eyes shut, his hand growing cold in hers.
Brielle blinked rapidly, unable to accept what was happening. She held Julian's hand to her lips. breathing on it in a futile attempt to warm it, but the hand just got colder, more rigid, slipping. slowly from her grasp.
Brielle tried again, rubbing her thumbs over the weathered back of his hand. The little warmth she could muster was like breath on a block of ice, utterly useless.
Julian was gone.
Chapter 283
Brielle collapsed to the floor, numb to the pain in her legs. She must be dreaming, a nightmare. she longed to awaken from.
The doctors came to her aid, draping a white sheet over Julian's face.
Brielle stared, lips clenched, unable to cry.
"Ms. Brielle, he's at peace now. Please, take a moment to grieve, but we'll need to make arrangements for the funeral." The doctor tried to comfort her and then turned to Miranda, who had collapsed on the floor, not out of grief, but out of fear.
It was over. Julian was actually dead. What would become of the Haywood family now?
To the doctor, Miranda's panic seemed like sorrow, and he sighed, "If only we'd gotten him here half an hour earlier, perhaps..."
Miranda's eyes were wide with panic, too scared to break the news to Robert. Her elt
weak, her breathing difficult. She saw Brielle being helped by the doctor, intending to enter the room, and forced herself to stand.
away
"Brielle, Julian passed because of the stress from the Haywood family affairs. Do you want to keep antagonizing them? Do you want him to be restless even in death? How can you be so cruel..."
###Chapter 284
Chapter 284
Brielle's mind was a tornado of thoughts, her eyes blinking through the sting of fatigue. She couldn't muster the strength to respond to any messages. She didn't even recall how she got. back to her hospital room, just that the world seemed to tremble before her eyes.
"Ms. Brielle? Ms. Brielle!" The doctor's voice seemed to echo from afar. She tried to snap out of it, but clarity eluded her.
Outside the room, Miranda didn't dare linger. She knew exactly how Julian had died, and her face had drained of color. She needed to get ahead of the story, to pin everything on Brielle. Otherwise, Robert wouldn't let her off the hook either.
Clutching her fists tightly. Miranda glared at Brielle with a mix of urgency and fear.
With Julian gone, what could possibly stop Max now?
She hurried downstairs, desperate to consult with Robert.
Meanwhile, Cameron had already found Lillian. Her hand, now bandaged, was scrutinized by her cold gaze, her missing fingers a silent testament to her ordeal.
Cameron had braced himself for a hysterical Lillian, but the woman before him was eerily calm. a brewing storm in her eyes. "Lillian, who did this?" He gently took her wrist, cradling it with a pained tenderness. A bitter smirk crossed Lillian's face. "Who else but Brielle? Cameron, haven't you figured out a way to get me out yet?"
"I'm sorry, Max has the police in his pocket. The Haywood family is in trouble, and he's not letting go."
The fury in Lillian's eyes was apocalyptic. They say each finger is connected to the heart. No one knew the pain and fear she had felt the night before. Her grip tightened on her fingers. fresh blood seeping through the bandages.
"I know how to diffuse the crisis at hand." Her eyes glinted with malice, her lips pursed coldly. "If Max won't let us be, then why not just make sure he can't breathe?"
Those three fingers had snapped her into a sobering clarity. She wanted revenge on Brielle and on Max.
Cameron startled, even glancing around to make sure they were alone before responding in a hushed tone. "Lillian, stop dreaming. Do you have any idea how many have wanted Max dead over the years? Look at him, still thriving. Mom's gone to fetch Grandpa. As long as Grandpa is around, Brielle won't let Max keep targeting the Haywoods. I'm more worried about you right
now.
Lillian's eyes were bloodshot, like a wild animal cornered in desperation. "I know how I can get out. Just lend me a few men."
Chapter 284
Cameron was wary of letting Lillian stir the pot further: Provoking Max might render Brielle's efforts useless. "Lillian, I-" Before he could finish, Lillian leaned in, pressing her lips to his.
Cameron's pupils constricted, his body freezing as if struck by paralysis.
Lillian didn't care about the Haywood family at the moment; she wanted Brielle to pay the price. If she couldn't have Max, neither would Brielle!
As for her own fate, she was indifferent. She wanted Brielle to live in hell forever.
After a brief kiss, she pulled back. "You'll help me, won't you? This is the last time I'll ask.
Cameron's mind was in disarray. Unable to refuse Lillian's plea, especially after that unexpected kiss, he felt his thoughts entangle into chaos. After what seemed like an eternity. he nodded slowly. "Okay, but don't do anything rash."
A sly smile flickered across Lillian's eyes. After all these years, Cameron was still the same.
She was determined to seize this opportunity!
"Lillian, pretend to faint. I'll have the cops escort you to the hospital, and on the way, my guys. will intercept them. I'll give you one day. By tomorrow afternoon, you have to be back."
Lillian nodded in agreement. It was a solid plan. She'd collapse in the police station, and the cops would rush her to the hospital.
After a brief exchange of plans, Lillian let herself 'faint'.
###Chapter 285
Chapter 285
Everything went smoothly after that, with two cops escorting Lillian to the hospital. The handcuffs still clung to Lillian's wrists, while Cameron followed closely in the squad car.
This was a first for Cameron too, but there was no room for second thoughts now. He had already bent too many rules for Lillian; one more wouldn't matter.
The police cruiser glided through the quiet streets, the accompanying officers on high alert. scanning the area to ensure there were no surprises, but what they didn't anticipate was that the moment Cameron had stepped out of the precinct, he had already arranged for his people to be waiting right here. This was the perfect opportunity to whisk Lillian away.
As they rounded a corner, Cameron's crew came barreling towards them in their vehicle. The two cops in the car were just about to react when Cameron sprang into action.
In a blur, the officers were subdued, and Cameron seized his chance, taking control of the wheel.
The cruiser eased to a stop by the roadside, and the car Cameron had arranged pulled up alongside.
Cameron leaned over the subdued officers to fish out the keys and unlock the cuffs from Lillian's wrists, his voice filled with caution. "Lillian, I need to stay and handle these two. Remember what I told you, don't do anything rash."
A twisted smile played at the corner of Lillian's mouth, her eyes brimming with barely contained madness. Her fingers were gone, and the Haywood family was on the brink. How could she not lash out? She was determined to drag her cursed life out long enough to make Brielle regret ever crossing her.
While she harbored these thoughts, her lips formed a different message. "I got it."
Her voice was soft, belying the vicious plans for dismantling Brielle piece by piece that churned in her mind.
Once she was seated in the car Cameron had arranged, Lillian intended to head straight for the hospital where Brielle was. However, the others in the car, following Cameron's stern
instructions, were not to let Lillian anywhere near Brielle's hospital. So, the car initially drove in the opposite direction of the hospital.
As soon as they were out of Cameron's sight. Lillian's face cracked into a maniacal grin. "You guys know where Brielle is, right?"
The two glanced at each other, neither daring to speak.
Lillian suddenly yanked the steering wheel, her expression contorted, "If you don't take me to Brielle's hospital, I'll just crash into the next car I see, and we can all die together." Chapter 285
She was extreme, like a vengeful spirit escaped from the depths of hell. The two men had wanted to ignore her, but her strength was immense, and she was now tampering with the
accelerator.
The car surged towards a tanker truck. If it hit, both vehicles would explode, and indeed they'd
all die right there.
These two men didn't want to die. "Miss Lillian, please, don't do anything hasty! I know where Brielle is! I know!" one of them blurted out.
Hearing this, the ferocity in Lillian's eyes intensified, "Good, take me there."
No one dared to defy her. She was like a madwoman.
Brielle had no idea that danger was drawing near, nor did she know the depths to which Lillian had been pushed. A woman who had lost three fingers could disregard everything.
Evening was setting in, and the hospital corridors grew quiet. A woman dressed in a long coat. wearing a brown hat, entered the hallway. She moved slowly toward the room where Brielle lay. There were two doctors on duty outside the room, aware of a message that this patient was of particular importance and that her safety was to be ensured at all costs. So when they saw the unfamiliar woman approaching, they stopped her, "May I ask who you are?"
Her voice was hoarse, and her hand, hanging at her side, was wrapped in a bandage stained with spots of blood. "I'm Brielle's sister. I've come to see her."
When she confidently mentioned Brielle's name, the doctors didn't question further. They knew. that come nightfall, the man from the previous evening would arrive in person, discreetly checking in. His status was even more prestigious, and they had been instructed to station. extra medical staff by the room's entrance to prevent any mishaps.
Since the visitor claimed to be a relative, they assumed there was no danger. Thus, the doctors allowed her to pass, with a warning not to stay too long.
###Chapter 286
Chapter 286
Lillian sneered inwardly, her heart as cold as ice. She shut the door behind her with a soft click and turned to face her nemesis, Brielle, lying on the hospital bed.
Brielle's face was flushed with fever, an IV needle piercing the back of her hand, pumping life-saving fluids into her bloodstream.
Fate, it seemed, was on Lillian's side today.
A wicked grin flickered across Lillian's face as she grabbed a pillow from the bedside and pressed it down hard over Brielle's face. "You bitch! Go to hell!" Her knuckles whitened with the force she applied, every muscle in her arm straining.
Brielle didn't even have time to utter a word; her breathing became more labored by the second. Her nightmare was turning into a horror show, the dark sky above seemed to drop an unreal shroud devoid of oxygen, and she was suffocating.
"Help," she gasped in her mind.
But Lillian was relentless, her grin twisted as she kept the pressure on.
At this critical moment, someone was knocking at the door, seemingly about to enter at any second. Grinding her teeth in annoyance, Lillian quickly removed the pillow and tossed it aside. Brielle's cellphone lay on the bedsheet, unguarded. Lillian snatched it up and, using Brielle's fingerprint, unlocked the device.
Just then, the nurse entered, carrying a tray filled with various medications. She gave Lillian a suspicious glance. "Are you here to see Ms. Brielle? May I ask who you are?"
Max had entrusted the nurse to be vigilant with his patient, and not for a moment could she let her guard down. No sooner had she stepped out than someone new had appeared in the room. Lillian pulled her hat down lower, "I'm her family, just wanted to check in on her. Is she okay?"
Suspicion lurked in the depths of the nurse's eyes, but Lillian's demeanor didn't give away anything out of the ordinary, so she just shook her head. "Just a bad tase of anxiety, some rest and she'll be fine." The nurse prepared the injection, as Lillian spoke up, "Max asked me to come by and check on her, glad to hear she's doing well."
Lillian's words were a probe, with the increase in staff at the door, she couldn't help but suspect they were Max's people. After all, who else would care about Brielle?
At the mention of Max, a flicker of surprise crossed the nurse's face, and her defenses dropped, her lips curving into a smile. "You're here on Max's behalf? He's not only handsome and wealthy, but he's also so attentive to his girlfriend. Ms. Brielle is really lucky. They must've had a row. Max couldn't come by day, so he sneaks in at night to visit Ms. Brielle. She's truly
blessed."
The nurse turned her back to administer the medication, unaware of the malignant hatred contorting Lillian's face.
Lillian gripped the phone so tightly she wished she could crush it. Her mind replayed the nurse's words on a loop. Sneaking in at night to see her after a fight...
Was this careful and gentle man really the same Max who had driven her to jump off the building? She remembered how cold and indifferent he was that night, as if her life meant nothing, and she were a bug to be stepped on.
That bitch! Why did she get everything. Why was it Brielle who had it all, while she, Lillian, had nothing but shame and loss?
"Fuck all of you!."
The nurse kept murmuring, full of envy, clueless that behind her, someone was poised with a vase, ready to claim her life. The vase was lifted high, about to be brought down with fatal force, when Lillian's ears caught the sound of conversation. It was the night staff at the door. chatting idly.
###Chapter 287
Chapter 287
The nurse in front of her slowly turned, her eyes just about to land on the vase Lillian was holding.
Lillian snapped back to reality. There were still people at the door. Even if she could silence this nurse, the people outside would hear the commotion. Reluctantly, she set the vase down without a sound. Just then, the hospital room door was knocked on, and another nurse walked in. "Has Ms. Brielle been given her medication? Everyone out now. Let her rest properly."
The new nurse, noticing the other people in the room, frowned deeply. "Ms. Brielle is not accepting visitors at this time."
She was more cautious than the rest, her eyes scrutinizing Lillian. A woman with her face hidden-who could tell what she was up to, sneaking in for a visit in the dead of night? Lillian abandoned the thought of suffocating Brielle right there and then. A new idea had taken root in her mind. If she succeeded, Brielle would live, but in far greater agony.
Under the nurse's watchful eye, Lillian left the room.
The nurse stayed behind, her brow furrowed as she made sure Brielle was alright before she finally exhaled in relief.
Out in the corridor, Lillian's eyes were ablaze with fury, but she forced herself to cool down. She had to focus on the next phase of her plan. She walked down the hall, and after gaining some distance, she looked back at Brielle's hospital room door.
Two people stood guard outside, and inside, a nurse
kept vigilant. Max really cherished that woman down to his bones. The more Lillian realized this, the deeper her hatred grew. She was the daughter of the Haywood family-this should have been her life. Pulling out her phone, Lillian scrolled to Max's number. She had memorized it, once dreaming. of a day when they might talk things over calmly. She had naively thought there might be a
chance for her, but he had been blind to her, choosing Brielle instead.
Lillian looked down, thinking back to the nurse's words. Apparently, the two were in a cold war. Perfect. It was as if the fate was conspiring to give her this opportunity.
She smirked, typing out a message. [I'm at my old apartment waiting for you. Can we talk?] "Since you
you care about Brielle, you'll come, won't you?" She thought to herself.
After sending the message, she descended to the ground floor and continued to intimidate the two men who had brought her there. Relieved to see her safe, the men couldn't help but urge. "Miss Lillian, you should head back. Mr. Cameron told you not to stir trouble. You-"
Before they could finish. Lillian got into the car, her face frosty. "How much fuel is in the tank?"
Chapter 287
The men didn't understand why she would ask such a thing, but recalling her earlier frenzy, fear
Con into their hearts. "We just filled it up, and there's spare gasoline in the trunk."
Lillian's mouth twisted into a sinister smile. "Good, take me somewhere."
Neither dared to disobey her, silently praying that she would return safely, just like this time.
Lillian was convinced Max would show up in response to her message. All she needed to do was prepare the trap and wait for him to step into it.
Meanwhile, Max was still in a meeting, trying to wrap up his day's work so he could sneak in a couple of hours of sleep before visiting Brielle in the dead of night.
The executives were reporting earnestly, but Max was becoming distracted. He pondered whether his actions were justified.
Brielle didn't seem to care for him and had never expressed a desire to be with him. What was he expecting, chasing after her like this?
Was a love unreciprocated worth the leap into an abyss?
###Chapter 288
Chapter 288
No sooner had the thought crossed his mind than the buzz of his cellphone broke the silence. After a surreptitious visit to the hospital last night, he had removed Brielle's number from the blacklist. He'd spent the entire day with an eye on his phone.
A tiny glimmer of hope flickered in the recesses of his heart. However, when the phone actually rang, he froze, as if struck by a sudden spell.
The executives seemed accustomed to it by now as their gazes instinctively shifted towards him.
Max pulled out his phone, trying to convince himself it wouldn't be Brielle. She probably wouldn't be the first to reach out anymore. Despite his thoughts, he couldn't help but look at the screen.
And there it was, a text from her.
His eyelashes fluttered once as he turned the screen face down on the table. He looked up at the executive delivering the report and said, "Continue."
Whether it was the executive's imagination or not, they felt as if the chill that usually surrounded their boss had thawed a bit. The mood in the conference room subtly shifted from the frost of early spring to the thaw of a stream just beginning to flow.
The executive's report went on for an hour, and once it concluded, Max was the first to leave the room, heading straight for the elevator.
Patrick followed and had guessed who the message might've been from. Was the boss finally going to see Ms. Brielle?
Patrick didn't know about the midnight visit and felt relieved at the prospect. He thought a spark of life had ignited in Max ever since he had met Brielle. Max no longer seemed so untouchable. Max was undeniably noble, but also undeniably alone.
Unable to contain his urgency, Max quickened his pace, got into the car, and said to Patrick. "I'll drive tonight. You can head back."
Patrick, initially moving to take the wheel, nodded at Max's words and turned to fetch another car from the garage.
Max settled into the driver's seat and hesitated as he passed a bakery, contemplating.
After a moment, he decided against buying anything and drove directly to the apartment where Brielle used to live. It was where everything had begun for them, a place filled with significance, so it was not surprising when she chose to meet there.
Perhaps she had something important to say. Maybe she wanted to mend what was between them.
Chapter 288
The apartment's elevator was plastered with numerous small ads, a collage of offers and services that made the space feel even more cramped. As Max exited the elevator, he ran into Brielle's former neighbor, Mrs. Thompson. Her eyes lit up at the sight of him.
"My, my, Brielle's moved out, didn't she tell you? I always said she was unreliable. She's got a fiance, you know. Maybe you should give my niece a thought."
Max's lips twitched into a small smile. He was not cold as he usually was, but his presence was so imposing that Mrs. Thompson dared not say more, sighed, and gave up the match-making attempt. Max was about to ring the doorbell when he noticed the door ajar. Surprise flickered in his eyes as he pushed it open and called out, "Brielle?"
The living room was empty, and its setup was unchanged from before. He stepped inside. closing the door behind him. "Brielle?"
After calling out once more, he heard a noise from the bedroom and breathed a sigh of relief as he approached.
The bedroom door was shut, and a faint scent hung in the air. Max stepped back, and his brow furrowed at the smell of gasoline. What was Brielle planning?
He took out his phone and dialed her number. The ringtone echoed from within the room, but
the door was locked.
"Brielle!
Panic began to seep into his heart as he kicked the door open.
The smell of gasoline intensified, and a small lump was visible on the bed. Someone was curled beneath the covers, and the ringing phone was on the nightstand.
Max strode in quickly, pulling back the blanket. Underneath the blankets was a pillow. Then, a loud "bang" resounded from the living room.
###Chapter 289
Chapter 289
Max snatched Brielle's phone and returned to the living room, only to find the door locked from the outside. Flames licked their way through the cracks, signaling danger. Within two minutes, the living room was a choking haze of thick, black smoke.
Max was coughing and stumbled backward. He fumbled with the phone, dialing 911 as he searched for another way out.
The apartment was in an old part of town, perched on a high floor. The balcony wasn't an option for escape; the only way out was through another exit. He soaked a cloth in water and pressed it over his nose and mouth.
The room was a blur. The smoke was so dense he could barely open his eyes, let alone determine which way was which. His nose was assaulted by the acrid stench of smoke and his lungs were screaming for air.
The fire in the hallway was now a monstrous sheet of flame. The entire floor was aflame. The situation was dire.
Blind to his surroundings, Max groped his way to the opposite side of the bedroom. He could see a glimmer of light through the window, and the outline of the neighboring building's. rooftop. He grabbed a chair and hurled it at the window.
The glass, weakened by the intense heat, shattered instantly. He took a step back and leaped out without hesitation. The inferno chased him, its crimson tongues reaching out like they were trying to consume him whole.
Outside the window was a slightly lower rooftop. It was the only chance he had, and any other window would have meant certain death.
Max landed on the rooftop, and above him, there was the sound of an explosion. The sound of gas canisters detonated one after another. These canisters were as deadly as bombs. Debris flew through the air, and Max instinctively ducked for cover. None of the falling pieces hit him, but he felt dizzy from the smoke inhalation and struggled to keep his footing.
As he clutched Brielle's phone tightly, he realized someone had used her to set him up. He'd fallen for it. In the past, he would never have walked into such a cheap trap.
As he thought of moving further away, a whoosh sounded behind him. Years of honing his danger instincts made him duck, just as a baseball bat whizzed past his nose.
He looked up to see a woman in a brown hat, who, having missed her swing, stumbled and fell to the ground. As she scrambled to her feet to take a second swing, Max caught the bat in his hand. His sharp eyes tried to pierce through the disguise to see the true identity beneath.
Lillian's heart skipped a beat, and her whole body was trembling. She had scoped out the area earlier, knowing that if Max managed to escape from the fire, this was his only exit. If he perished, even better- Brielle would grieve forever.
Chapter 289
Chapter 289
Max snatched Brielle's phone and returned to the living room, only to find the door locked from the outside, Flames licked their way through the cracks, signaling danger. Within two minutes. the living room was a choking haze of thick, black smoke,
Max was coughing and stumbled backward. He fumbled with the phone, dialing 911 as he searched for another way out.
The apartment was in an old part of town, perched on a high floor. The balcony wasn't an option for escape: the only way out was through another exit. He soaked a cloth in water and pressed it over his nose and mouth.
The room was a blur. The smoke was so dense he could barely open his eyes, let alone determine which way was which. His nose was assaulted by the acrid stench of smoke and his lungs were screaming for air.
The fire in the hallway was now a monstrous sheet of flame. The entire floor was aflame. The situation was dire.
Blind to his surroundings, Max groped his way to the opposite side of the bedroom. He could see a glimmer of light through the window, and the outline of the neighboring building's rooftop. He grabbed a chair and hurled it at the window.
The glass, weakened by the intense heat, shattered instantly. He took a step back and leaped out without hesitation. The inferno chased him, its crimson tongues reaching out like they were trying to consume him whole.
Outside the window was a slightly lower rooftop. It was the only chance he had, and any other window would have meant certain death.
Max landed on the rooftop, and above him, there was the sound of an explosion. The sound of gas canisters detonated one after another. These canisters were as deadly as bombs. Debris flew through the air, and Max instinctively ducked for cover. None of the falling pieces hit him, but he felt dizzy from the smoke inhalation and struggled to keep his footing,
As he clutched Brielle's phone tightly, he realized someone had used her to set him up. He'd fallen for it. In the past, he would never have walked into such a cheap trap.
As he thought of moving further away, a whoosh sounded behind him. Years of honing his danger instincts made him duck, just as a baseball bat whizzed past his nose.
He looked up to see a woman in a brown hat, who, having missed her swing, stumbled and fell to the ground. As she scrambled to her feet to take a second swing. Max caught the bat in his hand. His sharp eyes tried to pierce through the disguise to see the true identity beneath.
Lillian's heart skipped a beat, and her whole body was trembling. She had scoped out the area earlier, knowing that if Max managed to escape from the fire, this was his only exit. If he perished, even better- Brielle would grieve forever.
Chapter 289
So she waited, hoping he wouldn't appear, yet also hoping he would, so she could be the one to end him.
Max's gaze was icy as he stared through her hat, directly at her. Lillian knew all too well that this was Max, the untouchable man of Beaconsfield, one whom everyone feared. She had hoped to be cherished by him, and if that were out of reach, she'd ensure Brielle never had his affection.
They could go to hell together.
Lillian didn't care about her life anymore, not after losing three fingers. What man would look at her now? Everyone would despise her and look down on her. Rather than endure that, she would drag Max to hell with her!
The thought grew wildly in her mind like unchecked weeds. Her lips pressed into a thin line as she stared at him like a hungry wolf.
Realizing the bat was useless, she let go and lunged at Max. Just one step back, and Max would be over the
edge, plummeting to his death.
This golden boy would soon fall from grace.
###Chapter 290
Chapter 290
Max's gaze was cool and detached as Lillian charged at him. The clarity of his thoughts was almost unnerving, even as he chastised himself for being outwitted by a woman. It was a lapse in judgment, a moment of weakness when he had not considered the possibility that Brielle's phone could've fallen into the wrong hands. He was emotionally compromised, a phrase he never thought would find its way into his world.
Lillian had thrown herself at him with abandon; her only desire was to drag them both down to their demise. She had lost the will to live and was determined to take Max with her. In the afterlife, she fancied them to be united as lovers, eternal and inseparable.
But she hadn't anticipated the explosion that suddenly rocked the rooftop, nor the cacophony of sirens and screams that followed. She got distracted, stumbled, and fell onto the jagged debris. Her face looked like a canvas of blood..
Max stood motionless. His gaze was icy and disdainful as he watched her struggle on the ground. To him, she was no more significant than an ant beneath his boot.
Instinctively. Lillian felt reduced to nothing more than a writhing maggot in his eyes. She was like a creature that had never known the light, and was destined to be scorched by the brilliance that radiated from him.
Meanwhile, Max was indifferent to her internal turmoil. His attention was far removed from the night's events. As a businessman, he was defined by his acuity, not by the emotions that seemed to desert him. He dialed Patrick, calmly requesting a pickup. Upon hearing the news, Patrick slammed the pedal to the metal and raced to the scene.
Max leaned against the rooftop wall. The night sky was now illuminated by the raging fire that had spread two stories high. As the heir to the Dorsey family and the CEO of Dorsey
International, he was painfully aware of his transgression. The realization that Brielle could be his Achilles' heel was a new and unwelcome sensation.
Others might have been grateful to escape a fire unscathed, but not Max. He could've met his end in the flames without a flicker of emotion crossing his features.
The cufflinks on his wrist, once free of imperfections, now bore the grime of the night's chaos. It was a reminder that succumbing to addiction was a sign of a weak will, and he was determined not to succumb.
He reasoned that feelings should be as fleeting and inconsequential as the joy of munching on a bag of potato chips during a moment of happiness. His unannounced visits to the hospital to see Brielle and his care for her was just impulsive and temporary.
His next step was clear - to create distance between them. Dependence was a sign of frailty. and he refused to be weakened.
A woman's panicked voice echoed from the corner, "My face! My beauty is ruined!"
Chapter 290
"Brielle, you bitch, it's all your fault! Go to hell!"
Lillian's ramblings sounded like those of a madwoman.
"Spencer, you heartbreaker, you bastard, I won't let you off the hook!"
"Brielle, ha! You lost to me long ago. Everyone connected to you will pay! I will make you regret. this for a lifetime."
"Max is mine and mine alone! I am the daughter of the Haywood family."
Max listened quietly, finally putting a name to the voice-Lillian. He smirked, approaching the cowering figure.
Lillian tensed as she sensed his approach. Her eyes lifted to meet his. In the flickering firelight, his features were sharp and mesmerizing. She was captivated even as her tears continued flowing freely. If only a man like Max could love her, then she would sacrifice everything for just one glance from him.
Her sobs filled the air. She couldn't accept her defeat.
"How am I inferior to Brielle? I'm smarter and more charming. Spencer chose me over her after all her years of devotion. I won't lose."
She refused to believe she could ever be beaten.
###Chapter 291
Chapter 291
Max's smile was like a chill wind that swept through the room, leaving a frost in its wake.
Lillian's chatter came to a shuddering halt as a cold dread seeped into every pore of her being. Her body felt like it had turned to ice, and she stared with wide, terrified eyes at the man before her. The untouchable air that once surrounded him had vanished. It was replaced by an aura of darkness that sent shivers down the spine.
Lillian collapsed to the floor, instinctively recoiling from the fear that gripped her. He was truly terrifying.
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she crawled backward. Her body involuntarily arched until suddenly, she felt the void behind her and began to plummet.
The sensation was eerily familiar-it was the same weightlessness she had felt before when she'd leaped from the building.
With tear-rimmed eyes, she fixed her gaze on Max, who remained stoic above her. Why couldn't he spare a sliver of kindness for her?
But Max just looked down, his eyes as still as a calm sea. The noise around them was overwhelming, a cacophony of sounds that merged into one. He couldn't let tonight's events become known; he couldn't afford to have anyone become his weakness.
Even if... Even if that person was Brielle.
Max blinked as his attention was drawn to the voices coming from the rooftop.
"Max!"
"Mr. Dorsey!"
The first voice was Andrew, and the second was Patrick.
Max's brow furrowed. Andrew was the last person he wanted to encounter now. Unlike the cool-headed Kenzo, Andrew was impulsive and reckless. If he knew that Brielle had nearly brought harm to Max, he'd eliminate her without a second thought.
Besides Michael, Andrew was a person who would never allow any weaknesses on himself.
The door to the rooftop was kicked open, and many people rushed over, led by Andrew and Patrick. Patrick looked anxious, his pupils contracting sharply. Andrew, on the other hand, looked stern, his eyes full of sharpness and coldness. He was not a fool, Max appearing near the apartment where Brielle used to live was definitely not a coincidence. Perhaps someone was using Brielle to lure him into this trap. To Andrew, Max was an adversary, a benchmark. In his eyes, Max was perfection personified, a statue of impeccability. But now, it was as if the statue had begun to crack. The proud Priest suddenly seemed to be yearning for the mortal world-a terrifying prospect.
Chapter 291
Andrew's heart was boiling with murderous intent, and he was resolved to find an opportunity to do away with Brielle..
Patrick, on the other hand, rushed over anxiously. "Boss, are you alright?"
Max shook his head, his demeanor still regal. He walked past Andrew, pausing to deliver warning. "Don't touch her." They both knew who 'she' was.
Andrew was already seething, and Max's words were like a bomb about to detonate inside him. However, he managed to suppress the rage and even forced a twisted smile. "Max, who are you talking about?" It was unlike Andrew to be so unnervingly calm. Max's lips tightened, and his expression was cold. "Brielle."
Whether he wanted to kept the distance bewteen them, Brielle must not be hurt because of him. Andrew's eyes twitched violently. Even now, Brielle was all that Max could think about. "Did someone use her to get to you tonight?"
"Yes." Max was candid; there was no need for pretense among friends.
Andrew sneered, "Don't worry. I won't touch her."
Patrick, standing to the side, was equally nervous, fearing a clash between the two. Fortunately. Andrew still clung to his wits. Max said nothing more and led the way out.
Patrick hurried after him, glancing back at Andrew, who stood under the fiery glow of the night sky. His eyes were dark and resolute, as if he had made a decision. Danger seemed to emanate from him. Patrick averted his gaze. He was always astonished by Mr. Clements' restraint around the
boss.
Andrew was fire, but he always managed to contain himself in Max's presence. As Max. became entangled with Brielle, Andrew had started out amused. When he sensed Max's seriousness, his amusement turned to mockery, and now, to dread and loathing.
A loathing for Brielle.
###Chapter 292
Chapter 292
Beneath the towering structure, fire trucks were lined up in a long procession, their bright lights piercing the night. Rumors swirled that many hadn't made it out; the cries and wails of despair continued unabated as the building became a veritable inferno. It was all because of one woman's jealousy.
The area was swarming with reporters, adding to the chaos.
Max got into the car, his breath visible in the cool night air. Patrick wanted to press for details about the night's events, but he turned at the sound of Max's voice.
"How's Brielle doing?" Max asked as his brows knitted with concern. "I want to see the Haywood family bankrupt in tomorrow's headlines," he said, as if resolving a difficult decision. This would pave the way for her, and then they would be square.
He looked down, his eyelashes casting a shadow on his cheeks. "Don't tell her," he added quietly.
Patrick's grip on the steering wheel tightened as he hastily dialed the hospital to check in. After getting the update, he glanced in the rearview mirror. "Ms. Brielle took her medication and is resting. All's quiet on that front."
"Good," Max responded. His tone sounded detached as the city lights flickered across his face. What he was thinking remained a mystery, but his silence was palpable.
Patrick was worried but didn't dare probe further.
Meanwhile, in the hospital ward, Brielle was writhing in the grip of a high fever, sapped of all strength. When she awoke with a start the next day, she overheard nurses changing dressings. and gossiping about the fire from the night before.
"Three people perished in the blaze. Looks like arson. Some folks have just got evil in their hearts."
"Did they catch who did it?"
"No, but the cameras caught a woman. Her motives are unclear; the fire wasn't at her place but seemed aimed at the owner of that apartment."
The nurses were engrossed in their conversation.
Brielle felt a sour sting in her eyes; she was disinterested in the fire. When one's spirit was so low, dreams of all sorts came visiting.
In recent days, she had dreamt of Max. Last night, she had dreamt of Julian waking with swollen eyes from crying. Gasping for air, she felt drowsy and disoriented.
The nurses brought her a meal, which she didn't touch.
Mustering her strength, she asked about Julian's remains.
Chapter 292
"Ms. Brielle, Julian's body was claimed early this morning, probably by his kin," one nurse informed her.
Brielle's heart skipped a beat, and her lips pressed tightly together. Julian was gone, and while it was protocol to have his body rest in the morgue before cremation arrangements by the family, why would the Haywood family take his body? What were they planning?
She slumped back onto the bed, eyes welling up again.
Reflecting on the Haywoods' attitude towards Julian, her disdain was unstoppable. Were they expecting her to reach out? She was curious to see what game they were playing.
As she reached for her phone to contact Robert, she realized it wasn't in its usual spot. After searching around the pillow, she found it still missing. She addressed the nurses. "Have you seen my phone? I left it right here before I slept."
"No, haven't seen it. There was someone here on constant watch last night. Maybe think about
whether you placed it somewhere else."
But Brielle was certain of where she'd left her phone. If someone had been on watch, how could it vanish into thin air? Definitely, someone had been in her room.
She glanced at the corridor's surveillance camera. "Could you check last night's footage?! need to know if anyone came to see me."
Could it have been Max? But why would Max take her phone? A nagging unease settled in her heart, a feeling of having barely escaped the reaper's grasp.
The on-call doctor entered, recalling a woman who had appeared somewhat surreptitious in the ward. "Someone did come by last night. It was odd; she gave off a sneaky vibe. I asked the attending physician, and they said she was your sister, but she didn't speak, just stood there. and then left."
Brielle's heart pounded faster, the unease growing. "Okay, can you help me access the footage? I want to see who she was."
The nurse quickly contacted the security staff.
As Brielle waited in her room, the footage was swiftly brought to her. The sight of a woman, wrapped tightly in disguise, entering Brielle's room, made her furrow her brow in anger. There was something familiar about this woman's figure.
The footage was from the corridor's cameras; there were no cameras in Brielle's room, so she could only see the woman entering and leaving her room.
The sight of the woman's bandaged hand caught her eye. Brielle's pupils shrank in recognition-Lillian.
Wasn't Lillian supposed to be at the police station? How did she end up in Brielle's room?
Brielle touched her neck, feeling a surge of relief at having survived. Had it not been for the nurses, the delirious and feverish Brielle might not have been so fortunate. Chapter 292
Her phone must have been taken by Lillian. But why? What would Lillian want with her phone?
###Chapter 293
Chapter 293
Taking someone's belongings without permission that was called theft.
Brielle was about to borrow the nurse's phone to call the cops when the hospital intercom crackled to life, broadcasting a news update that caught her attention.
-At ten this morning, the Haywood family declared bankruptcy. They're buried under a debt of nearly ten billion.
A crowd had gathered outside the Haywood Corporation's headquarters, with assembly line. workers en masse filing for labor disputes.
The reporter's voice, cold and detached, narrated Robert's downfall on the screen. "Unable to repay debts and being sued by business partners, he's currently at the police station awaiting mediation. All his assets were frozen."
A top-ranking business in Beaconsfield, had been brought so low in mere days - it was a sobering spectacle.
Brielle watched the news quietly, half-believing she was hallucinating. She knew the Haywood family was in hot water, but she hadn't expected things to unravel so quickly.
With her phone stolen, at least she wouldn't be bothered by any more nuisance calls from the Haywood family. A faint smile ghosted her lips, but then her thoughts turned to Lillian's actions the previous night, and her brow furrowed in concern.
What was Lillian up to? Or what had she done using Brielle's phone?
A sense of unease gnawed at Brielle, and she immediately suspected a scheme at play. Brielle feared that the target was likely someone who cared deeply for her.
She borrowed the nurse's phone and immediately dialed Aubree. But when Aubree picked up. everything seemed normal, so Brielle asked her to sort out a new SIM card and bring over a replacement phone. "Aubree, I owe you one."
"Bri, stop it with the formalities. I'll be right over."
Aubree had just woken up, exhausted from a tumultuous night with Andrew, who had kept her up until the early hours, leaving her utterly drained. Her voice was hoarse, and her body was a map of bruises as she mustered the strength to get out of bed.
Beside her, Andrew was still asleep and his arms were wrapped around her waist like iron bands. Glancing at his face, Aubree paused for a moment. Andrew was undeniably handsome. and despite the disappointments, whenever they ended up entangled again, her heart would helplessly flutter with attraction as she felt the sweat roll off his face and onto her.
She moved slightly and replied to Brielle. "What does that witch Lillian want with your phone? Did you call the cops? Alright, I'll be over soon to talk more."
Her movements woke Andrew, who frowned and let her go.
1/2
Chapter 293
As Aubree began to dress, her legs nearly gave out the moment they touched the floor. She looked up at Andrew through gritted teeth and, unable to hold back, hurled a pillow at him. Andrew caught the pillow with reflexive agility, looking up at her. "What's got you riled up so
early?"
Aubree pointed to the marks on her neck, her face stern. "How am I supposed to go out looking like this?"
Andrew was unrepentantly willful in her presence, frowning. "Then don't go. I'm not finished with you yet."
Aubree stiffened, ignoring him and continuing to dress.
"Who are yo
you meeting?" Andrew sat up in bed with the sheets modestly covering his lower half. He was bathed in sunlight that accentuated his sculpted physique.
"Bri. Her phone got snatched. I'm going to sort her out with a new SIM and bring her a new phone."
A sharp glint quickly passed through Andrew's eyes, and his lips curled with a cold smirk. So Brielle's phone had been stolen, huh? Did that mean last night's fire was orchestrated by someone who used Brielle's phone to send a message to Max?
What a calamity.
"Is that so? I have a spare phone here that nobody's using." His tone sounded casual as he pulled a phone from the nightstand drawer and tossed it to Aubree.
Aubree stood there, eyeing him with confusion. "You don't seem to like Bri much, so what's with the sudden generosity?"
###Chapter 294
Chapter 294
Andrew arched an eyebrow and pulled her back in a swift motion. "Let's skip the part where you buy a phone, and we do this again. I'll finish quickly, okay?"
Even with Aubree's thick skin, she couldn't help but feel her cheeks flush and her heart race. Unbeknownst to her, a shadow of darkness flickered through Andrew's eyes as she wrapped her arms around his neck.
Andrew had stamina like no other. When he said he'd be quick, Aubree really believed he was trying his best. Normally, he wouldn't stop until a solid two hours went by, but this time it was all over in forty minutes.
Just last night, he had gone from midnight to dawn, and now, here they were, done so soon.
Aubree checked the phone. It was brand new, which didn't raise any suspicions. As she was about to leave, she heard Andrew say, "Don't tell her it's from me. I don't want her getting too cocky."
Aubree chuckled at the thought. "Sure thing. Your Highness," she said, finding his petty jealousy somewhat amusing.
If only Aubree had looked back, she would've seen the smirk on Andrew's face, full of mockery. as if he was anticipating some juicy drama to unfold.
After activating Brielle's new SIM card, Aubree hurried off to the hospital to see Brielle. As she neared the hospital, she glanced at her phone and only then learned about last night's fire. It had happened right where Brielle's apartment was located.
Aubree's brows furrowed. Was the fire intended to hurt Bri?
Once in the hospital room, she asked the question that had been nagging at her. "Bri, why would Lillian steal your phone? What's she up to?"
She handed over the new phone with a sneer. "The Haywoods may have taken a hit, but surely Lillian isn't so broke that she can't afford a new phone."
Brielle took the new phone, shaking her head. She had no clue what Lillian's endgame was.
Aubree thought for a moment and then asked, "I heard about the fire last night at your apartment. Seems like a strange coincidence. Do you think Lillian might have arranged a meeting with someone there? If the person that went there died, it would hurt you a lot. Doesn't it sound like something Lillian would do?"
Brielle looked up sharply. "If you hadn't answered your phone, I might have thought it was you."
A hint of amusement flashed in Aubree's eyes. "Turns out it wasn't me. But if not me, could it possibly have been Max?"
Brielle's face paled at the mention of his name. Could it actually be Max?
Chapter 294
Aubree noticed her concern and sighed. "I'm just messing with you. Don't take it so seriously."
What Aubree didn't expect was for Brielle to call Max without a moment's hesitation. Aubree's eyes narrowed, but she didn't speak up to stop Brielle.
Brielle's eyes lit up hearing the phone ring. She thought she was still on his blocked list. Memories of Max quietly moving Spencer for Brielle's sake, visiting her in the hospital in the middle of the night despite their breakup, and dealing with the Haywood family made Brielle's eyes well up with tears.
If something had really happened to him....
Her fingers trembled, and she felt as though an invisible hand was choking her, making it hard to breathe.
The phone rang a few times, but nobody picked up. Anxiety grew within her. Why wouldn't Max answer? Could he be in trouble?
She recalled Patrick's words-over the years, countless people had wanted to take Max down. He was always on guard; how could he just fall into trouble so easily?
Brielle looked down, but then remembered how she'd slipped vitamins into the porridge she made for him. He didn't seem to be on guard then. Her heart ached with longing for the call to be answered.
One minute passed, then two, and finally, a mechanical female voice came on the line. The call went unanswered.
With a fever already burning within her, Brielle's vision started to fade in and out, and the world. around her seemed to shake violently.
###Chapter 295
Chapter 295
Inside the Premier Palace, the sound of Patrick's phone ringing cut through the quiet intensity of the room. He glanced at the screen, saw the name flashing, and promptly notified Max. "Sir, you have a call from Ms. Brielle."
Patrick was expecting Max to pick up immediately, but he was met with a surprise. Max continued to sift through the corporate documents as if deaf to the world.
The phone continued its persistent melody.
Patrick was perplexed. What was going on with the boss? Just last night, Max had someone stationed at the hospital to protect Ms. Brielle from the desperate Haywood clan, who might threaten her. All signs pointed to Max caring for Ms. Brielle. Yet now, his reaction was non-existent.
Though Max didn't say. Patrick surmised that the scheme that unfolded last night must have involved Brielle. They had since locked down all information from reaching the outside world. No one would know Max had been there.
As for Lillian, the instigator, her fate was uncertain after falling from the high wall. Perhaps she had already been consumed by the flames.
Patrick had personally overseen the information blackout, confident he knew Max's mind inside
out.
Patrick assumed that Max's actions were to shield Brielle. Even so, he was not a deity; oversights occurred. If something happened to Brielle, what then?
Andrew's face flashed in Patrick's mind, and he frowned. He couldn't help but feel that Mr. Clements wasn't too fond of Ms. Brielle. He hoped Mr. Clements wouldn't take any drastic
steps.
With a sigh, Patrick noticed Max's phone finally quieting down, while Max himself remained in a state of cool detachment.
Soon after, Patrick's phone rang. He glanced at the caller ID and promptly informed Max. "Sir, Ms. Brielle is calling me now." Max finally reacted, lifting his gaze slightly. "Mmm, tell her to focus on her recovery. Dorsey International needs her."
It that needed her, not Max. Brielle was a smart woman; she would
as Dorso Int
understand.
Patrick grew more puzzled. Had they fought again? But judging by Max's demeanor, this seemed particularly serious. He answered the call. "Ms. Brielle."
14:40
Chapter 295
"Patrick, where's Max?"
"The boss isn't feeling well and can't come to the phone right now. Perhaps you could try again tomorrow, Ms. Brielle." "What's wrong with him?"
Brielle's voice was laced with urgency, but remembering Aubree was nearby, she restrained herself. "Has he seen a doctor?"
Patrick paused briefly before delivering the premeditated response.
"Mr. Dorsey has been running on empty since his trip overseas. The doctor has seen him and prescribed rest. So he'll be stepping back from company matters for a few days."
He emphasized 'company,' unwilling to be too explicit. But Brielle misunderstood. Max was a workaholic, who wouldn't leave the office as long as he could hold a mouse. He wouldn't drop work unless it was serious.
He didn't even take her call. Was he unconscious?
Brielle was worried sick and felt the phone call wasn't enough to express her concern. She considered visiting Premier Palace. "I understand. Tell him to rest well."
Patrick, unaware of Brielle's turmoil, felt a twinge of frustration hearing her not press further. Max had exposed himself to danger for Ms. Brielle's sake. He almost got hurt in the process. and she was none the wiser such an unbalanced affair.
Yet, that was just Max's way. He never boasted about his actions. Maybe he did not understand why he felt compelled to be there for Ms. Brielle.
even
Max didn't understand affection, but he knew the craving that spread from deep within his throat-a desire to treat Ms. Brielle well. This was more controlled, more profound than mere liking.
A fleeting romantic gesture was merely a momentary dazzle, but enduring affection was true tenderness.
Still, what Max was doing now was beyond Patrick's grasp.
###Chapter 296
Chapter 296
After hanging up the phone, Brielle stared blankly at her mobile device. Max hadn't answered her call. Could it be that Lillian had used her phone to set up a meeting with Max?
Brielle was beside herself with worry, itching to leap out of bed.
Aubree steadied her, a puzzled frown creasing her brow. "If Max lacked even the most basic vigilance, he'd have been taken out a long time ago. A mere Lillian couldn't possibly outmaneuver him. You should be more concerned about yourself right now."
Brielle's lips trembled as she slowly lay back down. "But he really didn't answer, and Patrick mentioned he was feeling unwell.”
Aubree would never believe that Lillian could get one over on Max. In her mind, Lillian was nothing but a venomous little daisy, whose dark tactics couldn't hold a candle to Max's capabilities.
"Aubree, could you please check with Andrew for me? Ask him where Max is?"
Brielle had thought about calling Kenzo again, but after several attempts already, she was worried about annoying him. Besides, Kenzo was Alivia's brother.
Aubree sighed as her hand massaged her temples. "Bri, don't say I didn't warn you. Falling for Max is a thousand times more embarrassing than my thing for Andrew."
Brielle hung her head, fully aware of the truth in those words. When she first got to know Max, she thought she was clear-headed enough not to cross certain lines. She was in it for the thrill convinced that their relationship was purely transactional.
But once feelings got involved, it was a one-sided affair. Max wouldn't join her on her stage. and if her affections were ever to be discovered, he might even recoil in disgust.
Brielle felt a headache coming on. Why had she never felt this conflicted with Spencer? When Spencer had wronged her, all she wanted was to bite back with venomous fangs. But if Max ever trampled on her heart, she doubted she would even have the courage to retaliate.
Seeing Brielle's pallor, Aubree finally caved and pulled out her phone. "I'll call Andrew right
now."
"Thank you." After Brielle murmured her thanks, she rested quietly against the headboard.
Aubree quickly dialed and hit the call button. "It's me."
Andrew had already settled into the living room, with his legs crossed atop the coffee table, and a subtle smugness in his gaze. "What's up?"
"Do you know where Max is?" Aubree was straightforward and didn't beat around the bush.
Andrew knew Aubree had visited Brielle, so this question was likely asked on Brielle's behalf. Thinking of Max's demeanor the previous night. Andrew's eyes chilled over, and his lips curved
1/2
Chapter 296
into a cold smirk. "Max, huh? Word is Alivia's coming back. He's probably buried in work, trying to clear his schedule to spend time with her. Even when I called him out for drinks, he was too busy. He must be working himself sick. Aubree, when did you start worrying about Max's whereabouts?"
Aubree had put Andrew on speaker, so every word was crystal clear to Brielle.
Worried about Brielle's feelings, Aubree quickly ended the call. "Bri, do you want something to
eat?"
Brielle's face was expressionless, but inside, she felt as if she'd been pierced with a thousand thorns. She mustered her strength, not letting any sorrow show, and shook her head gently. "Not hungry."
If it wasn't Max, what was Lillian's game plan last night? Lillian was cornered and wouldn't waste time on meaningless acts.
"I've always said men are no good, and Max has obviously chosen Alivia over you."
Aubree's words were hard to bear, but sometimes, the harsh truth was the best medicine. Without this honesty, Brielle would've only sunk deeper.
"Bri, you've seen the bracelet on Max's wrist, right? It matches the one Alivia wears. He's never taken it off all these years, which tells you everything about her place in his heart."
###Chapter 297
Chapter 297
Brielle's head throbbed with a relentless pain, but she prided herself on being a game player. someone who could take a loss as easily as a win.
Knowing she harbored a little crush on Max, Brielle wasn't about to hide her feelings in front of her friends. Her affection was her own, independent of how Max felt. Max was genuinely kind to her, but who he liked was his business.
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief and rasped, "Glad he's okay."
Aubree, seeing Brielle like this, felt a mix of frustration and sympathy. But then she thought about her own situation and realized she wasn't one to give advice, so she just sighed. "I'll go grab you something from the hospital cafeteria."
Brielle wasn't hungry, but her mind was a jumbled mess, and she worried that under Aubree's watchful eye, her true emotions would spill. So, she nodded in agreement.
Once Aubree left, Brielle glanced at her leg, wondering when it would heal. Max wasn't answering her calls, and she needed to figure out what he was up to. But incessantly reaching out would only give away her feelings; it was better to interact at work. Her leg needed to heal quickly.
After some thought, when Aubree returned, she convinced Aubree to go home. Once Aubree was gone, Brielle discharged herself and planned to recuperate at her place.
The doctor saw Brielle was alone and tried to persuade her to stay. "Ms. Brielle, your leg can't afford another injury. It would be best if you stayed in the hospital for a week." "No need. I'll take good care of it at home."
With no other choice, the doctor processed her discharge.
Brielle took a cab back to Pearl Estate, and upon settling on the sofa, she couldn't resist dialing Patrick's number. She wanted to confront Max about whether he was serious about Alivia. Patrick picked up, but his excuses were the same, claiming Max was unwell.
"Patrick, can he take a call right now? I just want to hear his voice," she pleaded, hoping it would ease her mind.
Patrick glanced at the man engrossed in his emails. His lips were pressed tight. "I'm terribly sorry, Ms. Brielle, he is unavailable right now."
Disappointment flooded Brielle's heart. Was he really busy, or did he just not want to talk to her? Had he decided to end things, and was that why he was being so cold?
"Patrick, I need to know where Spencer is being held. Ryan has taken Mark as a hostage, and I need to exchange him for Spencer; otherwise, I fear for Mark's safety."
In truth, as long as she had Spencer, Ryan wouldn't dare make a move, but at the moment, this
14:40
Chapter 297
was the only excuse she had.
Patrick's eyes flickered with complexity. He needed Max's input, so he replied, "Ms. Brielle, I'll try discussing it with Mr. Dorsey and get back to you once he has made a decision." With no other option, Brielle hung up.
Patrick pocketed his phone and looked at Max. "Sir, Ms. Brielle called, Should we hand Spencer over to her?"
Max looked up from the sea of paperwork, his tone detached. "If she wants him, let her have him."
Patrick couldn't help but remind him of the stakes. "Ryan's got a lot of pull, and Ms. Brielle can't handle him alone. Once Spencer is with her, Ryan is bound to catch on. He might go after her. not to mention he's taken Mark hostage. If this isn't handled right, Mark might..." He was cut off before he could finish.
"It's her job to save Mark. If someone gets hurt, it's her own lack of ability to blame."
That was the stance to take, and from now on, they would be nothing more than a boss and at subordinate. That suited him just fine.
Patrick clamped his lips shut, noting the stark change in Max's demeanor. Patrick called to reach out to Brielle, while silently counting down.
Three.
Two.
One.
As expected, Max spoke up, lifting his gaze slightly. "Go. Ensure her safety."
###Chapter 298
Chapter 298
Patrick's mouth twitched, and a hint of mirth danced in his eyes.
What was
was this? The lady doth protest too much, methinks?
Max furrowed his brow, clearly with more on his mind. After a long pause, Max managed to get the words out. "Don't tell her I was at the apartment." Patrick nodded as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Seeing Max had nothing more. to add, Patrick went ahead and reconnected with Brielle.
Her phone lit up with his number, and a subtle spark of joy flickered in her eyes. "Patrick.
"Ms. Brielle, I'll take you to see Spencer, but have you figured out how you're going to make the swap with Ryan?"
Brielle hadn't expected Max to let go so easily. She thought he'd have more questions. "I've got it sorted. I'll reach out to Ryan anonymously and set up the exchange." "But Ryan won't let this go easily. He's poured a lot into finding Spencer, and even Michael's in the loop now. He's going to dig until he finds who's behind this."
Brielle understood Patrick's hint. She might not be able to handle this alone; perhaps she should seek Max's help. But since Max had managed to hide Spencer for days without Ryan finding a shred of evidence, any suspicion towards Brielle had already dissolved. In Ryan's eyes, Brielle lacked the means to hide someone for so long.
"I'm aware. I'll be careful."
She didn't voice her intention to seek Max's aid, leaving Patrick at a loss for words. In some ways, their temperaments were similar. Max had gone off the rails, and Brielle wasn't one to make the first move. The two of them at odds put Patrick, their go-between, in a tough spot.
Patrick was about to say more when Wesley's voice came from behind. "Sir, would you care for a coffee?" Patrick stiffened instinctively and almost immediately ended the call.
Brielle, staring at the disconnected call, had heard Wesley's voice, Wesley was asking Max. meaning Max was available to talk. Why wouldn't he talk to her?
Brielle's gaze dropped, and her lips were pressed tightly together. She tried his number again. tentatively. "Sorry, the number you have dialed is currently unavailable." Hearing the familiar automated voice, she chuckled ruefully and sighed. It was right to keep her feelings hidden. As long as Max was safe, that was enough.
As for the rest, as Andrew had said, Alivia was returning. If Max wanted to cut ties with Briella completely, what could she do? They were never from the same world to begin with. For now, she needed to focus on the hostage exchange with Ryan.
With her call to Patrick cut short, she had no choice but to wait for him to reach out. True to
1/2
14:
Chapter 298
form, Patrick called in the evening. "Ms. Brielle, I'm outside Pearl Estate."
Brielle grabbed her cane and hobbled downstairs, making her way out. Her heart thumped unreasonably as she approached the familiar car. Pushing down her emotions, she drew closer.
The car door swung open, revealing only Patrick inside. "I'll take you to where Spencer is being held. I'll help with the exchange."
Brielle sat in the backseat, pondering before she couldn't help but ask, "Did Max send you to help me?"
Patrick paused, then honesty prevailed, "No, the boss hasn't thought that far ahead."
The atmosphere in the car turned quiet. Brielle said nothing more, and Patrick kept his mouth shut.
Patrick suspected this might hurt Brielle, but even he couldn't fathom the boss' current stance. The truth was the best he could offer. "Ms. Brielle, once you're on your feet, maybe you should ask the boss directly if you've got questions."
That was as far as Patrick dared to go.
Brielle just nodded faintly, her gaze returning to the window. She seemed indifferent, yet her fingertips trembled slightly on her knee. She wasn't foolish; she could read between Patrick's
lines.
Max was keeping his distance deliberately, and Patrick didn't want to spell it out and embarrass her. Her lips twitched into a faint smile. Same as always, she could take a hint.
If Max was initiating the end, it meant he didn't care for her. And those who didn't care for her didn't get her care in return.
While her feelings were still budding, it was best to let them fade slowly.
The two of them traveled in silence.
###Chapter 299
Chapter 299
Spencer was held captive in a suburban villa. His movements were restricted, but otherwise, he was well-fed and well-rested these past few days.
The room had only one pitiful window, high up on the wall, practically useless except for letting in some sunlight and a bit of fresh air.
Spencer sighed and looked up just as he heard the sound of a car engine from outside. Someone was coming.
Sure enough, footsteps soon approached his door. A man entered, efficiently binding Spencer from head to toe and blindfolding him with a thick black cloth.
Spencer had kicked up a fuss on the first day, cursing Brielle. He was convinced that she was behind this whole mess. But the men watching over him were not your average bodyguards and were built like tanks, with the keen edge of retired soldiers.
Knowing Brielle for years, Spencer was aware of her limitations. She couldn't possibly have the connections to hire these kinds of people.
So, it was Brielle who had initially nabbed him, but had someone bribed the hotel manager to buy him off her hands later on?
Anger and a sense of betrayal churned within Spencer. He had wanted to tarnish Brielle's reputation, not take her life. And yet, she had treated him with such cold-hearted betrayal.
Spencer had lived a charmed life and was raised in luxury. Every minor disgrace he suffered recently was tied to Brielle's machinations. Now, he felt unbearably wronged and vowed to settle the score with Brielle if he made it out alive.
Blindfolded, he could see nothing, relying on his captors to guide him forward.
Brielle and Patrick arrived at the villa just as Spencer was being led out. He couldn't see his surroundings, but he sensed someone's gaze and instinctively turned. "Who's there?"
Brielle remained silent, her eyes signaling Patrick, curious about his next move. Patrick leaned in, whispering so only the two of them could hear. "I've informed Ryan. The exchange will happen nearby. He should be on his way. Once Mark is secured, Ms. Brielle, take your men and leave. Better get Mark out of Beaconsfield; otherwise, Ryan will keep using him as leverage against you."
Brielle nodded, sharing the same thoughts. She dreaded Mark suffering the same fate as her grandfather. Remembering Julian, Brielle felt her eyes well up with tears, which she fought back fiercely. Before she could dwell on it further, Spencer's voice broke through. "Let me go! Who the hell are you guys?"
14:41
Chapter 299
Seeing Spencer's face, unscathed by his ordeal, Briellé thought he seemed to have been living comfortably. She lowered her lashes, refusing to look at him any longer.
Meanwhile, Ryan had indeed received the message. After deploying so many resources and not finding Spencer, his temper was explosive and aggravated further by Faith's constant weeping at home. Who were these kidnappers, and why would they exchange Spencer for an old man? Was there more to Mark than met the eye? Despite racking his brain, Ryan couldn't figure it out. Now that they had initiated contact, he was eager to seize the opportunity to retrieve his son. He had Mark brought over, and they set off immediately.
Faith had wanted to accompany them, but one look at Ryan's disdainful expression was enough to make her shrink back. She stayed behind in the villa.
Ryan was seething with venomous thoughts, contemplating using this chance to eliminate the threat once and for all. However, any unexpected incidents could put Spencer's life at risk. With lips pressed tight, he restrained from harshly interrogating Mark, fearing Spencer might suffer in return. So, Mark was treated the same as Spencer - confined but otherwise unharmed.
Upon reaching the agreed location, Ryan was furious to find the hideout so close to the city. center. It was under his very nose the whole time.
Swallowing his pride, Ryan ordered Mark to be taken down. Who was pulling the strings behind this group of kidnappers? Despite his reluctance, Ryan had no choice but to proceed with the exchange.
###Chapter 300
Chapter 300
Brielle and Patrick stood on the second floor, overseeing the commotion as Spencer was escorted out by a group of burly men.
The atmosphere was tense, with neither side showing any courtesy or restraint.
Ryan scrutinized the men carefully, noting their disposition. It was clear they were more than just ordinary bodyguards, but beyond that, he couldn't tell. Frowning at the uncertainty of his adversaries, Ryan wasn't about to make any rash moves.
As Spencer was led closer to Ryan, a look of relief washed over his face, and he couldn't help but ask, "Spencer, are you alright?"
Hearing his father's voice, Spencer became frantic, struggling against his captors. "Dad! Dad! Save me!"
Seeing a gun pressed against Spencer's head, Ryan's own heart raced, and he was even more cautious. "Spencer, calm down. Just hang on. I'll get you out of here soon."
After speaking, Ryan signaled to his crew to bring Mark over, and pushed him forward. The other side reciprocated by releasing Spencer.
Both parties had exchanged their hostages without a hitch, but just as tension peaked, gunfire erupted.
"Bang! Bang! Bang!"
"Bang! Bang!"
It was unclear who had fired the shots, but Ryan's group was thrown into disarray. their guns blazing in all directions.
Brielle's face turned dark as she watched from the second floor. This wasn't the work of Ryan or Max's people; a third party had joined the fray!
"Patrick, call everyone to retreat. There's a third party involved, and we don't know what they're after," she ordered.
Patrick nodded and relayed the retreat order through the walkie-talkie, and everyone in the villa began to pull back.
With her cane in hand, Brielle descended the stairs and sighed in relief once she saw that Mark was only unconscious. Outside, the gunfire persisted, and Ryan's men were now engaged in a fierce battle with this third party.
Patrick's expression turned grim. The meeting location had been chosen at the last minute, and there was no way their side leaked information. With Ryan fighting for his son's life, he wouldn't have staged this, especially as he was still in combat. So, who was behind this third-party intervention?
Chapter 300
"Ms. Brielle, there's a tunnel on the innermost side. This villa is just a shell; let's get out of here." Patrick informed her.
Brielle nodded and followed them out. Their retreat was swift, and thanks to the tunnel, there were no casualties. They had successfully rescued Mark.
However, Ryan's situation was dire. The third party shot indiscriminately, and many of Ryan's bodyguards lay dead. Ryan pulled Spencer back to the car, tore the blindfold from his eyes, and cut the ropes binding his hands and feet with a knife.
Spencer heard the chaotic gunfire around them, his heart skipped a beat, and his face was drained of color. Frustrated, Ryan slapped the dashboard. "Let's get out of here! Move!"
Ryan had brought a considerable number of people, thinking it would prevent any tricks the kidnappers might play. Now, they were his lifeline.
His car sped away, half-expecting to meet resistance on the road. However, the third party didn't give chase; they continued their assault on the villa. Their target wasn't Ryan or his group; it was the kidnappers..
Ryan's eyes were filled with a ruthless glint, but he didn't dare to look back at the ongoing battle.
As for Spencer, realizing the motives of the third party unsettled him. He had been kidnapped by Brielle, and although he hadn't seen the people watching over him, he knew they were somehow connected to her. If there was even a one percent chance Brielle was still in the villa, she would be in grave danger now.
The thought pricked his heart, and he heard Ryan's question.
"Do you know who kidnapped you? At first, I thought it was Brielle since she was the one who arranged to meet you the day you disappeared. We couldn't find any trace of you or her at the hotel. Was it really her?"
Instinctively. Spencer was about to confirm it was Brielle, but catching the venom in Ryan's eyes, he realized that if his father knew the truth, Brielle wouldn't stand a chance. mOddly enough, Spencer didn't want her to die-not now, not ever, even if her actions had brought him. shame.
"Dad, how could it be Brielle? What kind of power does she have? Who could she possibly rely on? The Haywood family?"
###Chapter 301
Chapter 301
Ryan snorted dismissively, decisively abandoning any lingering suspicions he had about Brielle. "In the days since you vanished, the Haywood clan became toast. Max made his move against them. At the last Hatfield charity ball, Lillian had the audacity to slip something into Max's drink. I can't fathom where she got the guts."
Max taking action against the Haywood family was publicly justified by Lillian's bold move against him. Everyone knew the consequences of riling up Max, especially by employing such sordid tactics. As Ryan relayed the events, Spencer's pupils dilated sharply, sensing he was missing a critical piece of the puzzle.
The charity ball hosted by the Hatfield family, Lillian's tryst with Connor, and that morning. Spencer had witnessed Max with Brielle in the elevator. Brielle, who had no business being there, was inexplicably present. Even if they had a professional relationship, upon reflection, it seemed peculiar.
"Spencer, glad you're okay. I'll keep digging into this. You need to watch your back and not give anyone another opportunity to hurt you."
it like it w
But Spencer wasn't really listening. His mind short-circuiting, unable to keep up. A ridiculous thought surfaced, which he desperately tried to dismiss. Impossible. How could it be?
Meanwhile, Brielle and her entourage had driven a few hundred meters away from the villa. A distant explosion sent them all turning to look back.
The villa's location was shrouded in dust and debris; someone had blown it up. Brielle's eyes narrowed sharply, her lips clenched tightly. The attack wasn't targeted at Ryan but at them. Had they left just seconds later, they would have been reduced to rubble alongside the villa. Thankfully, Ryan's intervention had bought them precious time.
Brielle was shaken and couldn't help but glance at Patrick. Patrick's usually composed face showed a fleeting trace of surprise before settling into a frown. "Ms. Brielle, I'll look into this. Please secure a safe place for Mark. I'll have a new benefactor take over the orphanage. The deeper your ties with those kids, the more they become your Achilles heel. You might save one. but you can't save them all. It's best to cut these ties."
Patrick's gaze lingered on the rising smoke. His thoughts drifted to Max's current condition. and he felt a headache coming on. "Ms. Brielle, don't say I didn't warn you. The moment your decided to get involved with Mr. Dorsey, you stepped into the Beaconsfield ring. Your relationship will come out sooner or later, and it'll be fraught with danger. You might not even be able to protect yourself."
Brielle lowered her lashes, acknowledging the harsh truth in his words. Julian should have been living out his twilight years in a hospice, but because of her, he died with his eyes wide open. Chapter 301
To this day, she hadn't even seen his body.
Brielle was unable to reach anyone from the Haywood family, and as an outsider with no legal rights, she couldn't even arrange Julian's affairs. It was all her fault.
Brielle closed her eyes in anguish, gathered her composure, and reopened them with an icy resolve. "I understand. Thank you, Patrick."
Patrick nodded but chose not to burden her with Max's current plight.
The car stopped in a secluded area, and without a moment's hesitation, Brielle hurriedly arranged all necessary documents for Mark. When Mark awoke, he was already en route to another city. Beside him lay a letter from Brielle, promising to take care of the children, and a card with a password on its back.
Ten million the nest egg Brielle had left for his retirement.
Mark sighed as he looked at the card, and Brielle stood rooted to the spot, her heart heavy with he decision she'd made.
Mark had lived his whole life in Beaconsfield, and even if it wasn't the main city, he was
ccustomed to every flower and blade of grass around the orphanage. Now, at his age, he was eing uprooted to start anew elsewhere.
rielle was pressed for time and couldn't think of a better solution than to leave him money and letter. She couldn't even face him when he was awake, so while he was still unconscious, she ad him sent away. s Brielle turned to leave, her phone pinged. [Bri, I'm old, and it doesn't matter where I live. Take Dod care of
and live well.]
ears fell as she read the last two words, remembering Julian's last words to live well.
he was gone forever, and another was sent far away. She was now the quintessential sinner. silent executioner.
###Chapter 302
Chapter 302
Feeling like a ton of bricks had settled in her chest, Brielle leaned on her cane and climbed back
into her car.
After parking in the downtown core, she hobbled into a nearby diner. Her mind was still a foggy mess. She had skipped meals all day, and now her stomach was punishing her, gnawing painfully from the inside. If she didn't eat soon, she'd likely pass out from low blood sugar before even making it home.
She propped her cane beside her and ordered some comfort food - a cheeseburger with a side of fries.
This little joint was a stone's throw away from Dorsey International, drawing a crowd of white-collar workers from the surrounding offices. In the world of finance, the hot topic was always the latest news. So, it was only a few minutes after sitting down that she caught wind of the Haywood family's troubles.
The news had been buzzing about it for days, but for these folks, the angle was different. With the Haywood family in disarray, who would swoop in to claim their slice of the market? How would the stock market react? Speculations on which stocks would soar and which would plummet fueled the lively debates.
Amidst this chatter, Brielle felt like an outsider. It had been half a month since she'd set foot in Dorsey International, having been on rest since her leg injury. But right now, the last thing on her mind was work instead, she pondered how the Haywood family would handle the funeral arrangements.
After finishing her meal, she grabbed her cane and began the walk back to her car. Just then, a luxury car - one that screamed millions pulled up beside her. Out stepped Catherine, the woman she had met the other day.
Catherine's eyes held a flicker of disdain as they landed on Brielle and shifted to the cane. "How's the leg? Still not healed? Don't tell me you're going to be a cripple," she sneered. Brielle paused, turning to see Catherine clutching her designer purse worth a small fortune.
Catherine had felt a sting of guilt after intercepting a call meant for her husband days ago. Indeed, she had seen the Haywood family's misfortune unfold stock prices were tumbling. contracts were being canceled, and debts soared into the billions.
Meanwhile, Kingston Enterprises had received a termination letter from Dorsey International in the same timeframe, leaving Catherine restless and worried. The rumor mill suggested it was all because Catherine had crossed Brielle. Could Kingston Enterprises face the same fate as the Haywood family? But then, last night, news came in from Dorsey International - the partnership would continue. With a weight lifted off her shoulders, Catherine felt ridiculous for ever being scared of Brielle, a divorcee. The memory of kicking Brielle's cast that day and now seeing her with a cane all
15:04
Chapter 302
helped dissipate the gloom a bit..
"Brielle, with your leg like that and the Dorsey family ditching you, you'll struggle to find a man if you end up a cripple," Catherine taunted.
Brielle tightened her grip on her cane, noticing Catherine approaching with the same malice as before. Catherine's kick had resulted in a second fracture for Brielle last time.
Seeing Catherine coming for her again, a sharp glint passed through Brielle's eyes. As Catherine drew closer, Brielle offered a thin smile. "Even if I were to lose a leg. I don't think I'd be at a disadvantage." Catherine didn't grasp the meaning behind those words. She strutted forward, and her foot was poised to strike, but Brielle's cane was quicker, jabbing Catherine in the stomach.
Catherine stumbled backward from the poke, landing squarely on her rear. The bustling street was full of onlookers, and they all turned to see the commotion.
Red-faced with anger, Catherine noticed another figure stepping out of her car - her husband, Bradley, the CEO of Kingston Enterprises.
Bradley looked grim and adjusted his tie. "What's the meaning of this? We're here to sign a renewed contract with Dorsey International. There's no need to provoke others," he said sternly.
Clenching her fist, Catherine glared at Brielle, the woman who had embarrassed her. "Honey. this is Brielle, Spencer's ex-fiancée."
Before she could finish, Brielle interjected, "You could have done without the prefix. I'm the Director at Dorsey International, and that title isn't something to be ashamed of."
Catherine's nostrils flared, and she raised her hand to slap Brielle.
Brielle, tired of Catherine's lack of lessons learned, extended her cane again, this time aiming for Catherine's leg.
Bradley narrowed his eyes and sneered, “Make another move, and consider the consequences.” Dorsey International's decision to resume its partnership with Kingston Enterprises suggested that the gossip Connor had heard was false. Max hadn't canceled the deal with Kingston Enterprises because of Brielle. It might have been a weighing of pros and cons, and now that misunderstandings were cleared, both companies were set to collaborate happily.
As for Brielle? She wasn't worth a second glance.
###Chapter 303
Chapter 303
Brielle, unfazed by the expectation of her pausing at the words thrown at her, intensified her swing at Catherine's leg. Catherine wobbled, nearly tumbling to the ground.
Bradley, having never been so publicly disrespected, especially by someone younger, felt his temperature drop. Catherine's whimpering call prompted him to step forward and helped her to
her feet.
"Ms. Brielle, as the Director of Dorsey International, you should be aware that we are one of your clients. Do you have any idea of the repercussions of offending a client? If we bring this matter to Mr. Dorsey, I wonder whether your position as Director will remain secure."
Brielle couldn't help but smirk. "Be my guest. I doubt you'd be foolish enough to back out of the deal voluntarily. After all, clawing your way to this opportunity must've taken considerable effort. Mr. Bradley, instead of lecturing me, perhaps you should keep a tighter leash on your better hall. Otherwise, the next time she stirs up trouble, you might just lose this hard-earned opportunity."
Catherine, incensed by Brielle's belittlement, was about to retaliate when she was stopped by Bradley's stern admonition. "That's enough. Why flex your muscles here?"
Catherine, not wanting to back down but noticing the bruise forming on her leg, felt aggrieved. "Brielle, just you wait. When I go in to discuss the partnership, I'll make sure to report you to the senior management of Dorsey International."
Brielle raised an eyebrow, and her response was the same. "As you wish."
Shaking with anger but aware of the many eyes on them, Catherine clenched her teeth, not wanting to cause a scene. "Fine, but don't come crying to me later!"
Bradley cast Brielle a lingering glance before heading towards the Dorsey Tower. From another vehicle, several top brass from Kingston Enterprises eyed Brielle before departing.
Brielle stood alone and sighed. Had she just made enemies with Kingston Enterprises?
Inside Dorsey Tower, Bradley was escorted directly to the contract signing floor by a company representative, leaving Catherine to wait outside.
Before entering the meeting room, Bradley didn't forget to caution her. "Don't stir up any more. trouble. With the Haywood family's fall, everyone's walking on eggshells. Nobody knows what Max is really thinking. Settle your score with that girl later; let's secure the contract first."
Though Catherine was seething, she knew she had to play along for now. During Bradley's absence, Catherine ran into Patrick.
Patrick, recognizing her, addressed her politely, "Ms. Catherine."
Catherine's demeanor instantly turned respectful, and she greeted him, "Patrick, I really owe you one for this contract."
Chapter 303
Patrick was caught off guard. Hadn't the president already rejected the partnership with Kingston Enterprises? Why was Catherine still talking about a contract?
Patrick frowned, trying to conceal his confusion with a smile.
"What exactly is the nature of the contract between Kingston Enterprises and Dorsey
International?"
Trying to appear gracious, Catherine explained, "We were blindsided by Dorsey International's termination notice. I didn't sleep a wink that night, only to receive a message last evening urging us to come today with the contract in hand."
Patrick silently parsed the key points of this conversation. If the contract was being renegotiated, it certainly wasn't Max's doing. Once Max decided to cancel, he wouldn't backtrack. Even if he truly intended to let go of Ms. Brielle, he wouldn't allow someone who had bullied her to be so brazen. It seemed someone else was pulling the strings for the contract with Kingston Enterprises. Patrick couldn't be sure who it
was.
"I see. Then, here's to a successful signing for Bradley."
"Absolutely. It's a win-win for both companies after all."
Catherine, considering Patrick's position, pondered for a moment. "By the way, do you know Brielle?"
Patrick was taken aback. He had specifically looked into the truth behind Brielle's second injury and was aware of the tension between her and Catherine. Now, faced with her question, he replied, "I do know her. We're colleagues, after all. Ms. Haywood occasionally comes up for meetings. I've seen her a few times, but we're not close."
A spark of hope glinted in Catherine's eyes. If even Max's assistant claimed not to be close to Brielle, how could Max himself have any significant involvement with her? She couldn't fathom where Connor had heard such an unreliable rumor.
Frustrated by her own fears, Catherine grew more irritated. "When I arrived earlier, Ms. Haywood's attitude was... well, let's not dwell on it. Fortunately, we're still able to collaborate. After all, Ms. Haywood is an employee of Dorsey International, and I Shouldn't say more."
A classic case of feigning retreat to advance. Patrick, a seasoned player in the game, knew exactly what she was implying but chose to ignore it.
Chapter 304
###Chapter 304
Chapter 304
"There's a coffee station down the hall. I'll have someone brew a fresh pot and bring it over. Please, have a seat."
Catherine had thought that after the words she'd exchanged with Patrick, at the very least, he'd owe her some sort of explanation out of sheer professional courtesy on account of Kingston Enterprises. But Patrick had artfully dodged the issue, and he did so by bringing up such a mundane matter. If she were to press on, she'd seem uncouth.
"No trouble, Patrick. I can grab a cup myself," she replied, her tone veiling her irritation.
She turned to head towards the coffee station but stopped in her tracks when she saw the elevator doors slide open, and Brielle step out, leaning heavily on her crutch.
Didn't Brielle just leave to catch a cab? Why the sudden return? The sight knotted Catherine's brow further. Encountering Brielle again felt like a bad omen.
By chance, the room where the contract was to be signed, and Brielle's office was on the same floor. Brielle hadn't expected to see Catherine there, and seeing her now twisted Brielle's features in displeasure. Brielle had only returned because a colleague had called her about some crucial documents in her office. She had the keys and needed to pass them documents on to someone in her department. Pretending not to notice Catherine, Brielle aimed for her office door. Catherine, however, was not about to let her slip away unnoticed. "Well, if it isn't Ms. Haywood," she called out mockingly.
Brielle, irked but masking it with a smile, responded, "Surely you haven't forgotten our run-in just moments ago?"
Catherine's face stiffened, and her earlier resolve to heed Bradley's advice was forgotten. She wanted to close the distance between her and Brielle but hesitated. She remembered the crutch in Brielle's hand and did not want to be humiliated like before. So she held back.
"Ms. Haywood, we're here to sign a contract with Dorsey International. By all accounts, we're guests of your company. Shouldn't you, as a representative of Dorsey International, fetch me a coffee?" Catherine stated, looking expectantly at Patrick. "Don't you agree, Patrick?"
Patrick grimaced. He wouldn't dare ask Brielle to pour coffee. Rushing to smooth things over. he offered, "Ms. Haywood isn't in the position to do so, but if you need it, I'll get it for you."
Catherine felt out of her depth. Although Patrick seemed merely an assistant, his longstanding rapport with Max suggested otherwise. Many of Max's decisions passed through Patrick influence not unlike that of a royal confidant. Who would dare cross him?
As Catherine stewed in her indignation, a cold, detached voice cut through the tension. "The executive meeting is about to commence."
an
Chapter 304
Patrick froze, turning to see Max standing in the exclusive elevator, hand on the open button. and his gaze icy as it swept the scene. Patrick instinctively looked to Brielle, who stood rooted to the spot, eyes locked on Max.
Max's gaze brushed over Brielle without a pause, as if nothing could stir the depths of his eyes, cold and fathomless.
Brielle recalled a time when she and Spencer had crossed paths with Max. She recognized that same impassive scrutiny.
With the elevator doors about to close, Brielle hurriedly handed the keys to Patrick. "Please, pass these on for me."
Before Patrick could respond, Brielle made her way to the exclusive elevator. It was a struggle with her crutch, but she attempted to step inside. The doors were nearly shut when she reached out, and her fingers fell short.
Then, from within, a long, slender hand reached out, halting the closing doors.
Max stood there, his presence chilling the air around them.
###Chapter 305
Chapter 305
Brielle nearly got frostbite from the icy draft that Max unleashed. Yet, there were things she felt compelled to probe on her own. She needed solid answers, instead of tossing and turning in the dead of night, parsing the meaning behind each of his words
Max seemed to wear a mask. Impeccable on the surface, but the ripples in his eyes began to spread with Brielle's approach.
Brielle was already striking, and with her injury, there was a shimmering vulnerability in her eyes that made her look pitiable. A stifling sensation crossed Max's heart. He frowned slightly. but his words were devoid of emotion. "Why are you here at the office if your leg isn't healed?"
It sounded like nothing more than a superior's concern for a subordinate.
Brielle mustered her strength to hide her emotions, even managing to pull off a smile. "Mr. Dorsey, you've been a big help, and I haven't had the chance to thank you yet.
Her heart twinged as if someone was kneading its softest part.
She had reverted to calling him Mr. Dorsey. It was a measure of her sense of propriety.
"It was nothing."
Max felt a sting in his heart upon seeing her equally cold demeanor. This was the outcome he wanted.
Brielle had already entered and kept a considerable distance between them. The elevator doors closed.
Catherine stood outside, and her heartbeat nearly stopped as she saw Brielle chase after Max. She worried there might be something between them. But seeing Max's coldness towards Brielle, she felt a surge of relief. It appeared that Brielle was just being presumptuous.
She laughed at her prior anxiety. Clearly, Max only saw Brielle as an ordinary employee, not offering her the slightest warmth. Where on earth did Connor get his information? She'd have to have a word with him next time.
The elevator began its descent, indicating that Max had no intention of attending the meeting.
Brielle leaned against the elevator wall, catching Max's indifference in the reflection. She lowered her gaze.
The silence was sharper than a knife. Since it was so, she didn't need to rush to be the butt of someone else's joke. She watched the numbers on the elevator panel, not uttering a word.
Max, though appearing detached, was surreptitiously observing her from the corner of his eye. He said it was a minor effort, but did she really plan on showing no gratitude? After all, he had hid Spencer for days and had dealt with the Haywood family.
She was truly heartless. Even a stray dog knew to wag its tail when you threw it a bone. But
15:05
Chapter 305
with Brielle, she wouldn't even offer him a glance. Fine, he definitely wouldn't be the one to break the silence.
A few seconds later.
"Does your leg still hurt?"
Brielle paused, realizing he was addressing her. Just as she was about to respond, the elevator jolted violently. Already unstable on her crutches, she lurched towards him.
The lights inside flickered before going out entirely, and the elevator ground to a halt. The doors remained shut.
Brielle realized she was in Max's arms. The force of the jolt had thrown her against him. She wasn't heavy, but she still worried if Max's hands were hurt. "Are your hands alright?" Max's hands were momentarily numb, and his brow furrowed, but the darkness concealed their expressions from each other.
"Yeah."
Brielle sighed in relief and slowly disengaged from his embrace. Her crutch had fallen, and she bent down to search for it.
Her hand touched the cold fabric of Max's trouser leg. She quickly withdrew, stumbling over her words. "Sorry." She turned in a different direction and continued feeling around for her crutch.
An emergency light in the elevator flicked on as Max pulled out his phone, noticing her crouched on the floor. The injured leg was awkwardly bent.
He felt a surge of irritation. Couldn't she use her mouth to ask for help? Couldn't she just ask him for assistance?
Chapter 306
The light flickered on,
###Chapter 306
Chapter 306
and Brielle spotted her cane lying just within reach, propped against the elevator's handrail. She leaned in to grab it.
Max couldn't help but let out a chuckle mixed with a hint of exasperation. "Ms. Haywood, you're quite the trooper," he said, his voice tinged with sarcasm.
Brielle tensed, fully aware he was mocking her, and her temper flared. "Nothing compared to you, Mr. Dorsey. You're busy as a bee, as always," she retorted. It was a clear jab at him for his habit of not answering calls.
Anyone else would think twice before speaking to Max in such a manner, but Max didn't get angry. Instead, he felt an odd sense of helplessness, even a bit of bewilderment, about how to respond to her. Amidst his silence, Brielle finally got hold of her cane and stood there in the corner, stiff as a board. After a long while, she feigned composure and asked, "I know it might be redundant to ask, but are you planning to call it quits, Mr. Dorsey?"
For Brielle, mustering the courage to ask such a question was monumental. Max's actions had made his intentions clear; he wanted to set boundaries between them. She had always found herself too timid and too reserved in the face of attraction. Her past was far from glamorous, riddled with rejections and romantic tumbles, not to mention a family life in shambles. Yet she had never shied away from any of it; she embraced it all, including the faint stirrings of her heart for Max.
It was her one source of pride.
Max didn't answer right away. The closed elevator was quiet. The seconds were ticking by, and their heartbeats were almost audible in the silence. Just as Brielle thought he wouldn't respond, she heard a decisive, "Yeah."
Although she had anticipated this answer, she had clung to a gambler's hope for a different outcome until the very end. That nascent flicker of attraction was snuffed out with Max's single word. Max said nothing more, avoided looking at her as if he was holding back something, and forced his gaze elsewhere.
Brielle exhaled a laugh. "Well then, I wish you all the best in getting what you want, Mr. Dorsey." Max's Adam's apple bobbed; his hand discreetly brushed over his chest.
It hurt a bit, but it was bearable. When breaking an addiction, one had to be resolute from the start. Any hesitation was harmful to both parties.
Brielle closed her eyes, awaiting rescue, and no longer willing to invest her emotions in a lost cause. She should have remembered that Max had made it clear from the beginning-he didn't Chapter 306
believe in love. It was all a dopamine-induced delusion.
She gripped her cane tightly, realizing that even if Max harbored a small affection for her, his formidable brain would immediately take action to correct any emotional derailment, much like smokers contemplating quitting or drinkers pondering sobriety.
After all, dopamine wasn't exclusive to one kind of pleasure. And the only thing that could combat dopamine was dopamine itself.
Brielle chuckled to herself for a few seconds, having come to terms with it all.
Voices from outside indicated that someone had noticed the elevator malfunction. She breathed a sigh of relief, eager to leave this confined space.
"Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Brielle, are you in there?" called out Patrick's voice, along with the sound of technicians and executives.
Brielle quickly responded, "I'm here. How long until the elevator is fixed?"
"Ten minutes, we're making it a priority," came the reply.
Brielle relaxed, choosing not to engage further.
Outside the elevator, Noah was standing with the executives. He had rushed over upon hearing that Brielle was at the company today. He had promised Alivia to win Brielle over within a week. and yet, ironically, time had passed, and he had only met her once.
He had called Alivia the night before to probe for more time, and she had given him a month. Noah felt embarrassed and was eager to impress, now that he knew Brielle was trapped.
To him, Brielle and Max being stuck together was purely coincidental-he couldn't fathom any deeper connection between them.
Noah took a step forward; his tone was gentle. "Brielle, don't be afraid. The technicians are
working as fast as they can."
Hearing this pretentious tone, Brielle couldn't help but cringe. Noah, with his unwarranted flower delivery and now this charade, what was he playing at?
"Mr. Noah, rest assured, I'm not scared," she replied, almost defiantly.
Inexplicably, she glanced at Max.
Chapter 307
###Chapter 307
Chapter 307
The chill in the man's aura seemed to grow colder, like the frost on a winter's morning.
Outside the elevator, Noah was blissfully unaware of the icy tension building inside. Hearing. Brielle's response, he mistakenly thought his concern had not gone unnoticed, and he doubled. down on his effort. "Hey, I heard you hurt your leg. I know this top-notch doc. Want me to take you over after work?"
Others from the company's upper echelon were also outside the elevator, but Noah didn't bother to hide his intentions. His pursuit of Brielle was public knowledge, and so would be the eventual breakup. After all, the only one who would face embarrassment was Brielle.
Noah planned to make the breakup a spectacle, hoping to gain some points with Alivia. With that thought, he felt quite pleased with himself.
Brielle, on the other hand, found Noah irksomely verbose. She couldn't remember finding him this annoying before. She frowned, aware that many eyes were upon them.
Surely, with Max trapped as well, the executives had all come to show their concern. Was Noah putting on a show for the whole crowd?
Using the light from her phone, she noticed a slight furrow in Max's brow, suggesting he was also growing tired of Noah's persistence.
"Brielle, that doctor is really good." Noah was now feeling relentless and noticed the murmuring of the e executives around him. All except for the HR Director and the Finance Director, who seemed at a loss for words.
Both were aware of Brielle's relationship with the CEO. Was Noah brazenly hitting on the boss' mistress? They looked at Noah with a mix of pity and disbelief, but he was preoccupied with winning Brielle over and took no notice.
"There's this great steakhouse not far from the clinic, with a view overlooking all of Beaconsfield from the window seats. Interested, Brielle?"
Brielle felt a headache coming on but kept her cool. "Thanks for the offer, Mr. Noah, but it's not necessary."
As she finished speaking, the elevator doors opened. Seeing Max, Noah reluctantly greeted him with respect, "Mr. Dorsey."
Max's expression was frosty: his gaze was like a sheet of ice. For a moment, Noah felt as though that look could shatter him.
Brielle ignored the tension between the two men. She felt a wave of dizziness from the sudden descent and took a moment to regain her composure before speaking politely. "Mr. Dorsey, I'll be back at work as soon as my leg heals. I should head out now."
Max's lips pressed into a thin line, managing only a curt, "Hmm."
Chapter 307
Watching Brielle leave, Noah hastily followed, "Brielle, you're injured. Let me drive you home. It'd be bad if the wound got infected." He shadowed Brielle closely, reaching out to support her. Nearby. Max looked on, his countenance darkening. Patrick instinctively stepped back to avoid. the chill in the air.
Max found the creature orbiting Brielle intolerably irksome, but what reason could he have to intervene?
His fingers twitched at his side, and he eventually instructed Patrick. "Take Ms. Haywood
home."
He used the formal "Ms. Haywood," which seemed perfectly reasonable to the other executives - just a boss caring for his employee.
Patrick was tasked by Max, nodded, and approached Brielle.
Brielle, noticing Noah's persistence, finally stopped. "Mr. Noah, I thought I made myself clear last time."
She had been blunt when Noah bizarrely delivered flowers to her department. Why was he intensifying his efforts now?
Noah smiled, a calculating look in his eyes that didn't sit well with Brielle. She trusted her instincts: Noah didn't like her. In fact, he loathed her. So why pursue her? Was someone pulling his strings? "Brielle, I'm serious about you. If you don't like flowers, I can give you something else."
Brielle's stomach churned at the thought of those three fingers. "No, thank you."
Noah was certainly not the sender of that anonymous package.
Leaning on her crutch, she moved to leave, eager to escape Max's piercing gaze. She needed time to clear her head and to sort through her thoughts.
She had imagined a million ways things with Max might end, but never in such a dismal fashion.
What was this? It was as if the universe was reminding her not to get too greedy.
###Chapter 308
Chapter 308
However, as luck would have it, when you're down on your luck, even sipping water can choke you. She had only taken a few steps when her cane got stuck in a pothole that had appeared on the sidewalk. She yanked on it, but her strength was insufficient, and the tip of the cane was firmly lodged.
This little mishap was the straw that broke the camel's back. Her eyes instantly welled up, her heart felt suffocated, and she hastily pulled out her cell phone, intending to call Aubree. She needed someone to pick her up and save her from further embarrassment.
Before she could dial, footsteps sounded from behind her. She stiffened. Was it Noah or...
Then Patrick's voice chimed in, "Ms. Brielle, let me drive you home."
Brielle felt a faint sense of expectation rise within her, which she found rather silly. "No, I'll call Aubree," she replied.
But before she could finish, Noah stepped up to her. "Brielle, don't be polite to me. You look a bit pale. Just get in my car," he insisted.
Turning to Patrick, Noah continued, "Patrick, it's no trouble at all. I'll take Brielle home. And by the way, she's likely to be my future girlfriend."
Women loved it when a man publicly claimed them. It fed their modest vanity. Brielle was just an ordinary woman and surely couldn't resist his persistent advances.
Hearing Noah's words, Brielle's lips twitched slightly. "Mr. Noah, have you lost your mind?" After holding back time and again, why couldn't Noah read the room?
"Anyone might be your girlfriend, but it won't be me." Her tone was indifferent; she was too weary to engage further with Noah. Instead, she tried to pull the cane free again. Realizing she couldn't do it alone, she turned to ask Patrick for help. To any onlooker, she simply seemed to have stopped in her tracks; no one had noticed her cane trapped in the hole. "Patr-" Before she could finish, a hand reached out from beside her and effortlessly liberated the cane.
The scent of natural cedarwood emanated from him, fresh and clear as ever.
Without even looking, Brielle knew it was Max. Only he had noticed her predicament. This realization brought tears to her eyes again, but she pushed her emotions down. "Thank you, Mr. Dorsey." Nobody expected Max to step up to Brielle's side, let alone perform such a gentlemanly act.
Noah, noticing Max's behavior, felt a pang of annoyance as if he had been bested. He hadn't noticed Brielle's cane was stuck. He had lost Alivia, and now was he about to lose Brielle as well? Chapter 308
The thought made him exceedingly uncomfortable. He almost reached for Brielle, intending to usher her into his car, but before his hand got halfway. Max spoke up. "The executive meeting starts in ten minutes. What are you all doing standing around?"
Max didn't need to be present for the executive meeting, which was why he had left early.
Reminded by his words, everyone snapped back to reality. The other executives quickly fawned.
"Mr. Dorsey, glad you're alright. We'll head up then."
"Mr. Dorsey, sorry you had to go through that."
Max ignored them, and his gaze was fixed on Noah, as if to say, what are you still doing here?
Noah, for all his bravado, couldn't defy Max and skip the meeting. He turned to Brielle. "Brielle, Patrick will take you home. Once your leg's better, I'll take you out for dinner."
Brielle's lips tightened in what passed for a response.
Once everyone had left, Brielle didn't linger either. She turned to leave, but Max graspe
wrist.
"Mr. Dorsey, what is this about?"
her
Patrick, ever perceptive, discreetly retreated. Thus, in the vast expanse of the underground parking lot, only the two of them remained.
Max didn't speak. Instead, he took her cane and scooped her up in his arms. He seemed intent on personally escorting her home.
Brielle felt stifled. The break-up had been his idea. The harsh words had been his, so why did he seem utterly unaffected?
###Chapter 309
Chapter 309
But let's face it, a woman's strength just doesn't stack up against a man's. She struggled for a bit, then gave in, allowing herself to be gently placed in the passenger seat.
Max even did the chivalrous thing and buckled her in, just like in the old days. The gesture brought them so close they could hear each other's breathing.
Brielle was the first to look away, fixing her gaze on the road ahead. "I need to get back to Pearl Estate."
"Alright."
Max settled into the driver's seat and was about to hit the gas when his phone dinged with a new message. It was from Andrew. [I'm at Premier Palace, why aren't you here?] Max frowned and ignored it, gliding the car smoothly out of the underground parking.
The air was thick with silence between them. Brielle, unable to stand the suffocating quiet and unsure of Max's intentions, rolled down her window.
The rush of fresh air seemed to lighten the mood.
As they were approaching Pearl Estate, Max finally spoke up. "Noah's go
So, his pursuit of Brielle definitely wasn't genuine.
a crush."
Brielle was sharp; she caught the hint. But she was surprised he'd even care about Noah's affairs. She frowned, "On who? Alivia?"
She thought the name would stir something in Max. After all, if Noah really fancied Alivia, wouldn't that make him and Max rivals in love?
However, Max didn't even bat an eyelash, as if the name meant nothing more than any other.
"Yeah."
He wanted to add that Noah must've been up to something and was playing games. Max knew Brielle wouldn't fall for it, yet he couldn't help feeling uneasy.
What if she fell in love with him?
Her words reached his ears, light and breezy. "So Mr. Noah's got a thing for Alivia, and is this all to get back at her by messing with me?"
Knowing where Max's heart lay, she reverted to the old Brielle. There was no need to play small in front of him, as they were never meant to be. She ripped away the pretense, exposing her true feelings. Out of the corner of her eye, she watched for his reaction. As expected, his brow furrowed at her words. "Alivia and I go way back, same with her brother - a lifelong friend. She wouldn't stoop to using such tactics."
Chapter 309
Brielle chuckled softly, turning to gaze out the window. Right, when someone disappointed you, they wouldn't do it just once?
They were childhood sweethearts, inseparable since they were kids. And her? She was nothing. Not even a passerby in his life, at best a fleeting breeze at Mr. Dorsey's fingertips, gone with a wave of his hand.
After that, Brielle fell silent and stayed silent all the
Until the car stopped at Pearl Estate.
Max intended to get out and open the door for her, but Brielle, leaning on her cane, got out herself. She walked past him, a few steps away, before tossing over her shoulder, "Thanks, Mr. Dorsey." Max's mouth tasted like he'd bitten into a sour lemon. He meant to follow her but then heard. Brielle continue. "No need to walk me in." She was clearly shooing him off.
Watching her retreating figure, Max felt a twinge of frustration. He swore he'd never felt this choked up in his life, except with Brielle.
Max had never really pondered what it meant to like someone, to feel love.
To Max, love was being happy around someone due to your brain flooding with dopamine. But as time passed, the dopamine would fade, and if someone new came along, it would spike again. That was why so many in Beaconsfield were always hopping from one romance to the next, never settling down.
At eighteen, Max understood that people just couldn't resist the pull of dopamine, especially for something as evolutionarily critical as sex. So, in his mind, this thing called love didn't really exist. He might as well head back to Premier Palace. Brielle didn't seem to care much about him anyway. As he was thinking this, his steps, however, veered towards the estate's gate.
###Chapter 310
Chapter 310
If Patrick were here, he'd probably secretly mutter that Max wore that mock disgust so well, even when he was secretly pleased.
Brielle, leaning on a cane, moved at a leisurely pace, which gave her ample time to notice the newcomer striding through the gates. What was he doing tagging along?
Pearl Estate boasted a refined neighborhood ambiance that even the lobby's polished floors could reflect. Their shadows grew closer on the gleaming surface. "Mr. Dorsey?" she called out politely, catching sight of Max now standing before her.
"There's a matter concerning Bradley that I need to discuss with you." He was all business as if his hurried approach had nothing to do with personal interest. Brielle was momentarily baffled by this tactic, and when she gathered her wits, she found the whole thing ludicrous. "Mr. Dorsey. I'm on the injured list."
"Your brain isn't what's hurt."
Brielle was no stranger to Max's biting wit, and his remark now sent a wave of heat coursing through her. It seemed to stoke the fever she'd been battling all night. "Then go ahead, Mr. Dorsey. Dock my pay."
She barely finished speaking when the elevator arrived. Without a second glance, she stepped inside and crisply pressed the close button.
Max caught just a snippet of her words. "After all, that card you gave me should be enough to keep me cozy for the rest of my days, Mr. Dorsey."
Left standing there, Max hadn't quite processed Brielle's parting shot. By the time he snapped back to reality, the elevator had already departed. She had left him behind. The realization didn't embarrass him; after all, there was nothing Brielle could do that he couldn't rationalize.
He didn't follow her up but instead walked back to his car. Once seated inside, he pulled out his phone and saw a new message from Andrew, pressing for an update. Ignoring it, he tapped on Brielle's contact instead. What could he say?
Rubbing his temple, he chuckled at his own sequence of reactions. What was he doing? Perhaps it was time to cool off and get a grip on his emotions.
After sitting in the car for ten minutes, he finally drove back to Premier Palace.
Andrew was lounging on the couch at Premier Palace, idly flipping his phone in his hand. Spotting Wesley still bustling about, he drawled, "When's the last time Brielle popped in?" Chapter 310
Wesley, unsure why Mr. Clements was inquiring about Ms. Brielle, responded conservatively. "Ms. Brielle seldom visits."
Andrew scoffed. Seldom? Now that he knew Max had taken an interest in her, he figured Max would want her glued to his side around the clock.
Women were such a hassle.
Half an hour later, Max's car pulled up outside Premier Palace. He strolled into the lobby to find a flamboyant-looking man sitting there.
Andrew paused his phone tossing at the sight of Max. "Where are you coming from?"
Max didn't bother to answer; instead, he gave Andrew a once-over and settled on another
couch.
"Did you know Brielle's calls are getting rerouted to Kenzo? She also asked Aubree to ring me up; everyone's been looking for you." A smirk played across Andrew's face, a hint of schadenfreude in his voice. "Max, don't tell me you're finally tired and thinking of ditching her."
Wesley approached with two cups of coffee, ready to interject, but a look from Max told him to hold his tongue.
Max wrapped his fingers around the cup; his brows lifted slightly, "What if I am?"
Andrew nearly choked on his coffee, taken aback by what he thought must've been a hallucination.
Was Max actually suggesting he was tired of Brielle?
Andrew's eyes widened before he let out a light chuckle. "Figures, the Dorsey family doesn't produce lovesick fools. That's more like it. You had me worried for a bit there. I can't for the life of me see what's so appealing about Brielle. She's so utterly average, save for a decent face."
The comment struck a nerve with Max, causing him discomfort. "Still better than Tessa."
Andrew felt a jolt at the mention of Tessa, realizing Max was still defending Brielle. He softened his tone. "Yeah, yeah. So what's this about being sick of her?"
Even in front of Max, Andrew reined in his temper. "As you can see, the Dorsey family doesn't entertain weaknesses."
A dark glint passed through Andrew's eyes. Was this not about eradicating a potential vulnerability once and for all?
###Chapter 311
Chapter 311
"Max, how about we hit the town tonight to celebrate, eh? Alivia's coming back soon, and since you've had your fill of Brielle, maybe it's time to put a ring on Alivia? She's been waiting for you for years." Engagement? The thought had never seriously crossed Max's mind.
"If she's getting engaged, it sure as heck won't be to me."
Andrew had been mid-sip of his water when Max dropped this bombshell. Andrew nearly choked on it. Everyone in Beaconsfield knew Alivia was holding out for Max, but now the man himself was saying she shouldn't wait for him.
"Max, you're not pulling my leg, are you? Don't tell me you're oblivious to Alivia's crush on you."
"I've made it clear before, I'm not into her."
His tone was so firm it sent a chill through Andrew's spine. If Alivia wasn't in Max's sights, who was?
The women who had circled Max in recent years, those under thirty at least, were pretty much Brielle and Alivia. Any other guy in Beaconsfield would be a fool to pass up Alivia for Brielle. Unless they were blind.
Andrew cracked a wry smile, his thoughts drifting back to the image of Max beneath the blaze of a high-rise inferno. His gaze was dark and inscrutable. "The Dorsey family and the Barnes clan are all looking forward to this merger of a marriage. If you turn it down, you could be messing with family relations big time."
He couldn't believe Max hadn't considered this.
With a nonchalant lift of his eyebrows, Max replied. "I've made my stance crystal clear to Alivia herself. She's no fool."
But how clear-headed could a woman in love truly be? Max had never really fallen for Alivia, so he couldn't fathom the depth of her infatuation.
As an outsider to their romance, Andrew kept his opinions to himself, yet he couldn't help but think he could smooth their path somewhat. At least compared to Brielle, Andrew considered Alivia a friend. He whipped out his phone and shot Alivia a text. [Max says he won't propose.]
Andrew had always been blunt with others, especially when it came to anything involving Max.
As expected, Alivia's reply came swiftly. Her devotion to the subject was clear. [Wait till I'm back in town. He'll change his mind.]
Alivia wanted to probe further into the situation with Brielle, like whether there was anything truly going on between her and Max. But Alivia had already put herself out there enough.
Digging for more through Max's friends would just seem desperate.
It was best to ask her brother. If her brother said there was nothing to it, then it had to be true.
Max was destined to marry Alivia.
Andrew shared these details to Alivia, just to keep Max from getting stuck with Brielle, but he also knew his boundaries. It wasn't his place to spill Max's secrets to Alivia. Besides, she would be back soon enough, and then others could fill her in.
Meanwhile, Alivia was in the company of Emily..
Emily's resentment had been simmering ever since the Hatfield family had cut her loose and sent her abroad with a ten-year ban from Beaconsfield. It was because of Brielle, and the bitterness was palpable. So when Alivia asked Emily about Max, she didn't hold back, embellishing the tale. "Ms. Alivia, you don't head back soon, I bet Brielle will have Mr. Dorsey wrapped around her little finger. You haven't dealt with her directly, so you have no idea how crafty she can be."
"She managed to get me kicked out of Beaconsfield. Max lets her have her way. I think he's completely under her spell. Never thought I'd see the day when Max fell head over heels."
Exiled and heartbroken, Emily's infatuation with Max had turned to loathing now that she was in a foreign land. But this also meant that no one was around to censor the words she said to Alivia.
Emily wanted to fan the flames of hatred toward Brielle. She might've lost to Brielle, but Alivia would never lose to that nobody, that... bastard!
Alivia would be Emily's instrument of revenge.
Yet Alivia found these tales laughable. Max, bewitched by someone? Impossible. He was a born businessman, destined to dominate any industry he took to, like his early days on Wall Street. He was immune to the charms of women, especially someone like Brielle, who didn't even have a family name to claim.
###Chapter 312
Chapter 312
Emily continued to stir the pot.
"Ms. Alivia, you're busting your hump overseas for Max's career, while Max is back home and playing house with some trophy girlfriend. Are you really okay with that? Did Max ever promise to put a ring on it? With no promises, you're still holding on after all these years. I can't tell whether that's devotion or just plain foolishness."
But if mere words could sway Alivia, she wouldn't have gotten to where she was today. She had climbed her way up the academic ladder to the research institute, unlike the shallow Emily. So, even though anger simmered inside her, Alivia still believed in doing what was expected of her.
She cracked a smile. "Emily, I've known Max for years, and I know exactly what kind of man he is. You don't need to say these things to get under my skin. Don't you understand why you've ended up in this mess?"
She leaned in close to Emily, her gaze dripping with disdain. "It's because you see Max as just another guy. That's what's fueling your jealousy."
Emily's face turned a shade of sour grapes, not expecting Alivia to be so unmoved.
Emily stood up in a huff, no longer bothering to keep up appearances. "Alivia, don't get it twisted and think Max is all yours. Just wait and see. When you get back, you'll see how much the tables have turned." Alivia remained unshaken, confident in the knowledge that she had sent Noah to deal with Brielle. If Noah succeeded, what chance did Brielle stand with Max?
A woman of Brielle's lowly stature could never catch Max's eye. Alivia didn't even have to lift a finger; by using others, she could ensure Brielle wouldn't get far. She wasn't about to make an embarrassing exit like Emily.
After Emily left, Alivia sent a text to her brother. [Hey Kenzo, what's Max up to these days?]
Kenzo, lounging on the couch, saw the phone vibrate but ignored it. Ten minutes later, he picked it up and replied with a single word. [Working.]
That wasn't the answer Alivia was
looking for. [Kenzo, you know that's not what I meant.]
Kenzo chuckled, his fingers tapping out a response. [Max isn't planning on settling down with anyone.]
Alivia breathed a sigh of relief. That was Max for you. And she didn't need his love, just his loyalty.
After sending the message, Kenzo stared at his phone, lost in thought. Tthere was no reply-it seemed he had reassured his sister.
Kenzo's place was a haven of tranquility, with hardly a servant in sight. In the spacious living room, he sat with perfect posture on the sofa, thumbing through a book.
215-06
1/2
Chapter 312
He recalled Andrew's nosy comments during a phone call about Max growing tired of Brielle. Was it true? Perhaps only Andrew belleved what Max had said. Kenzo smirked, his mindset unchanged from the past. He enjoyed watching these clever souls hurt and chase after each other, only to eventually drift apart. However, he couldn't shake the feeling that something was off at Dorsey International lately. Max probably sensed it, too.
Meanwhile, Max sat on an oaken chair, opposite a man with snow-white hair practicing his calligraphy.
This was Michael.
Neither spoke, but Max was far from nervous.
Michael finished a piece of calligraphy and set down his pen methodically. "Bradley's business.
got snatched up by William last night. He came to me, and since the bid didn't seem like a bi
deal I let him go for it. I didn't realize it was a project you'd already vetoed."
He was explaining to Max, and that was precisely why Max had come tonight. Only in the afternoon, when Max saw Bradley's people around, did he realize Bradley had signed a new deal without his consent. They'd gone over his head, straight to the patriarch-what was this about?
"Father, I'd prefer you not to intervene in the company's affairs."
Michael rubbed his temples, aware that Max could be quite stubborn. A man with absolute control over Dorsey International would not tolerate his authority being trampled on. It was a rule of survival in the business world.
"Max, I didn't expect William would want a project you'd already dropped. There was nothing. wrong with it, and Bradley chose this company after careful consideration. Why kick them to the curb right before signing the contract? What will others say about Dorsey International-that we're not true to our word?"
Max, of course, wouldn't admit that he'd done it because the wife of Bradley's CEO had wronged Brielle. Brielle's leg had suffered a second fracture, all because of Catherine's doing.
"What does it matter if the world thinks we're not true to our word? It doesn't affect Dorsey International's standing."
In the face of absolute strength, rumors were nothing but passing clouds.
Michael stared at Max, having never doubted his son's competence, or perhaps his coldness. but it was only now that he realized how much he'd aged.
He waved the matter aside. "Alright, then tell me why you canceled the partnership.
###Chapter 313
Chapter 313
Max's fingertips faintly stirred as he lifted his gaze. "Bradley's gonna screw up sooner or later." Michael arched an eyebrow, his tone casual. "I recall Bradley's doing quite well for himself. He wouldn't have outplayed all those rivals if he wasn't.
"It's just a matter of time." Whenever Max wished for trouble, it would brew.
Michael choked on those words, feeling an even greater headache coming on. Sometimes, talking to his youngest son was infuriating enough to drive a man to his grave.
William and Ryan were all respectful and deferential, but with Max, it was always Michael who ended up eating humble pie.
"Since William is so keen on this project, let him have at it. It's just a medium-sized venture, after all. He's done his fair share for Dorsey International over the years; can't deny him this small request." Michael thought back to last night when William suddenly showed up at the family mansion. dutifully sharing supper with him. It was only afterward that William brought up Bradley, carefully omitting the fact that the project was one that Max had discarded.
What was William up to?
Max stood, understanding that Michael was playing the peacemaker, hinting that denying this favor would be a slight against his elders. "This won't set a precedent."
Michael lifted a hand, pressing at his brow once more. "Yeah, let your brother have his way with
it."
After leaving the family mansion and getting into his car, Max's expression darkened. William was aware of his ties with Brielle, but just lacking any solid evidence for now. William saw Max abandon the partnership with Bradley, and it probably spurred him to do some digging, which led him to Brielle.
But it was all speculation.
Such speculation, if brought before Michael, would embarrass himself. So, William shifted tactics, reclaiming the project. This way, he could put Max in his place.
Not just that, but it could also sow discord between Max and Michael, and furthermore, strain Max's relationship with Brielle, stirring up trouble.
Killing two birds with one stone.
Max pieced together the intricate puzzle, closing his eyes. William was meticulous, clever enough this time not to blab to Michael, but retreating as a way to advance. By bringing this matter to Michael directly, Max would inevitably raise Michael's suspicions..
15:06
Chapter 313
Sooner or later, it would lead back to Brielle.
Patrick, driving up front, noticed Max looking exhausted and couldn't help asking. "Sir, are you worried about Ms. Brielle's safety?"
If she caught Michael's eye, no one could guess what Michael's would do, Given Michael's ruthless tactics against Everett, Brielle wouldn't stand a chance.
It wasn't just concern; Brielle had already caught William's attention. It seemed necessary to take other measures. At the very least, Max couldn't allow her to get dragged into this.
Facing Max's silence, Patrick knew he must've been pondering some issue. Patrick kept quiet.
As the sky darkened, a tense undercurrent flowed through Beaconsfield. Those with a keen sense sensed the change, but outsiders remained oblivious.
Brielle, only half in the loop, knew getting close to Max meant trouble. But having reached out to him, she'd braced herself for whatever might come.
Julian had passed away, and she'd sent the orphanage director packing. Brielle had no family in Beaconsfield, just a few scattered friends. Yet she hadn't expected Max to push her away.
She stayed in her apartment for two days, refusing to wallow in a heartache that had begun even before love could take root. On the third day, she decided to get out. Her leg had nearly healed. She could walk without a cane, but for caution's sake, she brought it along.
Near Pearl Estate was a charming forest park, a perfect place for some soul-searching. As she stepped out of her complex, she spotted a luxury car pulling up. Out stepped a woman-Catherine. Catherine's eyes turned scornful at the sight of Brielle. "Well, look who it is. Ms. Haywood." Her tone dripped with sarcasm, grating on the nerves.
Brielle stood at the curb, hailing a taxi, with no mind to engage her. Brielle leaned her cane against a tree trunk, and waited.
Catherine, noticing Brielle's indifference, twisted her nose in annoyance. Then her gaze landed on two kids passing by, likely beggars aiming to scrounge up some cash from the well-to-do residents. Catherine whipped out several bills, gesturing toward Brielle. "Snatch her cane, and this
money's yours."
###Chapter 314
Chapter 314
Two ragamuffin kids, dressed in clothes that had seen better days, were torn by the offer made to them. The lure of money was overwhelming, and one of them snatched the cash with lightning speed, darted over to Brielle, and bowed down to swipe her cane before running off without a trace.
Brielle was caught off guard and could only watch as the two kids disappeared around the corner. She turned to Catherine, who wore a smug grin and raised her eyebrows in triumph.
Instead of anger, Brielle felt only a sense of embarrassment for Catherine, who was tarnishing the reputation of Kingston Enterprises.
In the luxury car, sitting next to Catherine, was her husband, Bradley. Bradley sighed at his wife's pettiness. "Why bother with a woman who has nothing to her name?"
Catherine continued to revel in Brielle's awkward plight. "Honey, you don't understand. Brielle even set her sights on Max. She was ogling him at the office, and I bet Max was annoyed. Who knows if she'll be able to keep her supervisor position."
Bradley was not one to overlook an insult, and his frown deepened at the thought of Brielle's impertinence. "She's clearly from the wrong side of the tracks, and doesn't even know who her parents are. Arguing with her is beneath you," he chided.
Catherine snorted, "I don't care about that. The little minx was anything but polite to me. It's only fair she gets taken down a peg."
Bradley knew Catherine well. After years together, he was aware of her spiteful nature and anticipated that Brielle was in for more trouble. Not that he particularly cared-Brielle was as insignificant to them as an ant on the sidewalk.
Casting one last look at the helpless Brielle, Catherine felt a rush of satisfaction. "Let's leave this nonsense behind and go inside," she said dismissively.
Bradley nodded and stepped out of the car, not giving Brielle another glance.
Brielle watched them go, recollecting her encounter with the couple the previous day at Dorsey International, which hinted at a brewing partnership between Kingston Enterprises and Dorsey International. She pulled out her phone to check in with a colleague. "Is the Kingston Enterprises contract in its final stages?"
"Ms. Haywood, that contract isn't our department's responsibility. I heard it's with Mr. Noah for approval now. There should be no issues."
Noah? Brielle frowned, feeling a sense of aversion. "Can you send a copy of the original contract to my email?"
Her colleague didn't .
1/2
15:06
Chapter 314
As Brielle ended the call and was about to head home, another car pulled up beside her-it was Spencer. And he didn't look pleased to see her.
It seemed she really should have checked the horoscope before stepping out today.
She backed away cautiously, only to see Spencer get out of the car. Sensing bad luck, she quickened her pace.
Spencer, noting her limping leg, raised an eyebrow and stopped a step away. "Let me guess. my kidnapping had something to do with you, right? Brielle, when I was released. I heard the sound of a cane on the floor. I didn't make the connection then, but seeing your leg now, it all
makes sense."
His gaze sharpened as he looked at her. "I disappear for just a few days, and suddenly the Haywood family is in ruins. Lillian's fate is unknown, and her parents are under police investigation, with Cameron looking like a lost soul. Brielle, you've outdone yourself."
Spencer leaned in, his stare unsettlingly calm. "I'd love to know how you managed all this. I heard Max was behind the Haywood downfall. On the surface, it looks like just business rivalry. but something tells me it's not that simple."
His tone was chilling. "How did you hurt your leg?"
Brielle hadn't anticipated that Spencer would turn so astute from a single kidnapping experience. He was able to point suspicions at her based solely on sound.
However, they could only remain suspicions, as without her confession, Spencer had no case.
"A car hit me. Is there a problem?" Her voice was indifferent, but she saw Spencer stand up, his face darkening. "If the information I gathered is right, it was Lillian who bribed the driver to hit you, wasn't it?" Brielle's frown deepened, unsure of his implication.
Suddenly, Spencer grasped her chin firmly. "The moment Lillian caused your injury, Max targeted the Haywood family. You managed to hide me away, and my father, with all his power, was unable to find me. Is Max the one backing you up?"
Spencer was not as naive as he seemed, connecting the dots with keen insight.
Brielle smirked, "If I had the charm to influence Mr. Dorsey, I would have had you taken care of." "Brielle!"
The pressure on her chin intensified, and Brielle winced in pain.
###Chapter 315
Chapter 315
Spencer's chest heaved with the force of his fury. His eyes seared into Brielle as if they could shoot flames.
"I'm not kidding around, and don't you think you can keep fooling me. Sure, my relationship with Lillian was a mistake, but what about your flings with other guys? How was that any better? We're both in the mud here. You better not have anything going on with Max, or I swear, even as a ghost, I won't let you off the hook. We'll see about that."
Spencer released his grip, and his eyes were filled with venom. "When you were playing around. with other guys, I might have let that slide, but if you're secretly seeing Max while putting me down, I can never forgive you.
Brielle found him utterly ridiculous. How did he manage to place himself in the victim's seat so quickly? She stood there, calm and unmoved, and with a blank expression, she let out a cold retort. "Are you done? If so, you can leave."
Spencer's face turned a deep shade of red, but as he had said, everything was just speculation. He needed evidence. If he did find proof, he would be willing to lose everything just to get back at Brielle. How could he allow anyone to trample on his dignity like that?
Once his car had driven off, Brielle let out a sigh. Spencer was insufferable. Spencer had stewed for days before confronting her because he was probably busy hunting for evidence. but after coming up empty-handed, he had erupted in frustrated anger.
Dealing with Spencer was becoming a headache for Brielle, but it wasn't the first time he had behaved so irrationally. He was like a petulant child who believed that crying and throwing a fit would get him what he wanted. In reality, such behavior only ruined whatever good was left in the beginning. It was almost laughable.
Back at home, Brielle decided to temporarily forget about Spencer's antics and focus on researching Kingston Enterprises. She couldn't let it go. It was meant to be a distraction, but she had stumbled upon some intriguing leads.
Her lips curled into a slight smile. She had planned to visit Dorsey International the next day. but any delay might mean Kingston's deal would go through. So, after a brief rest, she headed out with the documents in hand.
The elevator took her straight to the top floor, and as the conference room doors swung open, there was Max, emerging amidst a cluster of executives.
Brielle saw him, and her body tensed involuntarily.
The HR Director and the Finance Director exchanged a glance, sensing an opportunity to curry favor with Max, and they hurried to speak up. "Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Haywood is over there."
The HR Director had thought that sharing this information would lead Max to stop and chat
Chapter 315
with Brielle, but Max merely gave Brielle a cursory glance, nodded slightly, and headed for his office.
What was going on? Max's demeanor toward Ms. Haywood was usually warmer. Had their relationship changed?
Their minds raced, and in an instant, they surmised that Max must have ended things. Men, after all, grew tired of the same flavor, and there were already rumors that Ms. Alivia was Max's true love. Now that Ms. Alivia was set to return, it made sense for the President to refocus his attention.
They had thought Ms. Haywood would be different, yet in Max's world, she was just another passerby. With this 'fact' in mind, they scrapped the idea of using Brielle to get close to Max. It seemed wiser to align themselves with the future Mrs. Dorsey.
###Chapter 316
Chapter 316
Brielle caught Max's reaction out of the corner of her eye, but she didn't let it faze her. After all, the cat was out of the bag. She had bigger fish to fry at the moment.
Her gaze shifted to Noah, and she strode over with determination. "Mr. Noah, I need to speak with you. Is now a good time?" she inquired, her tone casual yet firm.
At that moment, Max had just reached the door of his office. Hearing Brielle's request, his hand paused mid-motion. He was supposed to head in and shut the door, shutting out everything else, but a wrinkle formed between his brows. Hadn't he told Brielle the other day that Noah was already taken? And now, here she was, on her day off, seeking a private conversation with Noah. Was she really angling for a lunch date with the guy? The thought alone darkened his mood considerably.
The others in the office, eavesdropping on the exchange, were equally surprised. During the elevator mishap a few days prior, most of the senior staff were present when Noah was notably attentive to Brielle and even invited her to dinner. Now, even as Brielle was still recovering, she was making a point to look for Noah at the office. Were the two of them an item now?
Curious and confused glances were exchanged around the room.
Undeterred by the surrounding stares, Brielle kept her focus on Noah. A gleam of triumph flickered in Noah's eyes, tinged with a touch of irony. He had wondered how long Brielle would hold out. It seemed just a few caring words from him had been enough to make her cave.
"Easy prey," he mused. It looked like he'd be reporting back to Alivia sooner than expected.
His lips curled into a semblance of a sincere smile. "Sure, the restaurant I mentioned the other day still has a table free tonight. I'll make a reservation right now."
Brielle frowned, sensing his misunderstanding, but didn't bother to correct him. "No need for a restaurant. Your office will do," she stated plainly.
His office? Was she announcing in front of everyone that she wanted to go to his office? It seemed Brielle was ready to go public.
Noah couldn't hide his elation; the faster this was dealt with, the better. "Alright, this way. please. After our talk, we can still hit the restaurant for dinner. What kind of food do you like.
Brielle?"
As the two walked away, the rest of the upper management remained rooted to the spot.
Max, should have been inside his office by now, but there he was, frozen at the doorway as if struck by a spell. He noticed a few glances in his direction but didn't react; his gaze followed Brielle and Noah toward the latter's office.
What on earth did Brielle want to talk about? Max's brow furrowed in thought. One might mistake it for concern over the meeting's proceedings.
1607
Only Patrick, his right-hand man, knew the real reason for his boss' preoccupation. Max was probably green with jealousy. Patrick subtly nudged him. "Mr. Dorsey, perhaps we should head inside. Max pushed open the door to his office without a word; his face was a mask of indifference. Patrick followed him in.
Once seated, Max pretended to busy himself with some documents on his desk. Patrick, standing before him, noticed the papers were upside down but chose to remain silent.
Max's concentration was elsewhere. His thoughts were on Brielle. After a while, he looked up at Patrick. "What's the name of the restaurant Noah mentioned?"
Max had no clue about the place; he rarely dined out and usually stuck to meals at the Dorsey family estate.
Patrick, ever the proficient assistant, quickly found the restaurant's name. "It's a couples" restaurant, sir," he informed.
Max, who was holding a pen, nearly snapped it at the news. He managed to maintain his composure, though a chill seemed to emanate from him.
Patrick grimaced slightly before he added, "Their most popular package is a couples' special. I hear it has great reviews and a lovely view of the night skyline."
With each word, the atmosphere in the office grew colder. Sensing the mood, Patrick wisely clamped his mouth shut.
Meanwhile, in Noah's office, the door had barely clicked shut before Noah's hands began to wander toward Brielle's shoulder. He was eager to close the deal and report back to Alivia. For Alivia's sake, he was ready to go all in.
###Chapter 317
Chapter 317
"Mr. Noah, I assure you, I won't start anything if you don't. I've trained in taekwondo, and though my leg isn't fully recovered, I won't get messed up in the office." Brielle's tone was nonchalant as she made her way to the couch and took a seat.
Noah's face tensed up, completely baffled about what she was getting at. Hadn't she already agreed to go along with his plans? Was she playing hard to get?
He took a moment to collect himself before sinking into his office chair. "Alright, I'll behave. We have all the time in the world to discuss things. So, what's on your mind?"
Was it the future? Dreams? Or something else?
Truth be told, Brielle was quite the looker. If it weren't for his feelings for Alivia, Noah would've considered keeping her close just for her beauty alone. But with Alivia's brilliance setting the standard, Brielle just seemed bland in comparison.
"I heard Kingston Enterprises contract made its way to you, Mr. Noah?"
The last thing Noah expected was for Brielle to bring up business. His expression darkened a bit, but remembering that their interactions were improving, he nodded.
"Yes, that project has been handed off to Mr. Ryan. Mr. Dorsey had a sudden change of heart about working with Kingston Enterprises, and then the contract was pulled back. It's under review here before it goes to Mr. Dorsey."
William held a firm position at Dorsey International, stable as ever over the years. Compared to Ryan, who was ousted a while ago, William was now second in command only to Max. Some of the staff even whispered about the changes within Dorsey International, with William opposing Max.
However, only the higher-ups knew that no one could shake Max's position. Just like how easily he had Ryan pack his bags and leave. Now, Ryan was desperate to return, but it all seemed futile. Brielle had only intended to discuss the contract but found herself tangled in information she hadn't known. Had Max pulled the contract with Kingston Enterprises? When did that happen? She remembered the bidding war ending not too long ago, so the contract withdrawal had to be recent. Was it before or after Catherine's kick?
Despite her better judgment, she couldn't help but feel a peculiar sweetness swirling in her thoughts. Even if Max had decided to distance himself now, during their time together, Max indeed lived up to his promise to look out for her. When someone treated you well, you had to acknowledge it. So even if their relationship ended abruptly, she harbored no resentment towards Max. It was just a matter of status, nothing more.
"Mr. Noah, what's your take on the project?"
Noah hadn't scrutinized the contract too closely since it was William's responsibility. It was
1/2
15:07
just a formality in his office, awaiting his signature before it would be passed to William.
"It should be fine. After all, Kingston Enterprises fought its way through tough competition, naturally outperforming others in many areas." Brielle pulled out the file she had been holding.
"Kingston Enterprises has strong overall capabilities, but I've uncovered something troubling. The CEO, Bradley, has a son who's been overly indulged by his parents. Two years ago, the boy was involved in a fatal accident, which never hit the news. However, there are murmurs about it resurfacing. Moreover, he's deep into vices like drinking and gambling-reportedly blowing through a billion in a month and accumulating sizable debts. His subsidiary is even behind on paying its workers. If this gets out, it'll undoubtedly affect Kingston Enterprises, and by extension, Dorsey International won't escape unscathed. Switching partners mid-project is no small feat."
Brielle's competence was unquestionable, and the vulnerabilities of Kingston Enterprises she outlined were real concerns. But the project wasn't Noah's to manage, "I'll mention your concerns to Mr. Ryan, but whether he'll take them on board is another matter."
Brielle lowered her gaze. Before coming here, she was unaware that Max had rejected the contract, so she didn't see anything amiss with William's proposal to partner with Kingston Enterprises. Now, pondering deeper, she sensed there was more at play.
If Max had acted for her sake, then William's move might've been a ploy to force Max's hand. against Kingston Enterprises. What William didn't anticipate was that Max and Brielle's relationship had already ended.
###Chapter 318
Chapter 318
Brielle's lips quirked into a half-smile as she leaned back in her chair. The pros and cons of the situation she faced were clearly laid out in her mind. As for Williamn's choice, well, that was his
After all, the project wasn't exactly small potatoes. If William couldn't handle this little venture without screwing up, it was his own reputation at Dorsey International that would take the hit. Rising to her feet with a measured nod, Brielle made her position clear. "That's all I've got to lay on the table, Mr. Noah. You go ahead and weigh that as you see fit."
Noah was fumino, feeling like Brielle was lording it over him, but keeping his ultimate goal in sight, he tried to smooth his tone. "Now that we've got the nuts and bolts out of the way, let's chew the tat about something else. Brielle, what's your take on me as a person?"
Noah wasn't one for beating around the bush. He was supposed to get Brielle, bed her, and snap a few incriminating snapshots for Alivia. Then, his status in Alivia's heart would definitely improve. Watching him nearly tripping over his own eagerness, Brielle couldn't help but find it amusing. Noah wasn't without talent, having Inherited his position from his father. He rarely engaged in underhanded tactics, which made Brielle wonder whether to call him na?ve or just plain dumb.
"Mr. Noah, let's not rush things. I've had a bit of a rough patch recently. Do you mind lending me an ear and maybe some advice?" she asked, softening her voice.
Noah nodded. "What's the issue?"
"Well, Spencer and I were engaged, right? But he's been fooling around with Lillian, which is a slap in the face to me. There's this gorgeous friend of mine in Beaconsfield, and I was thinking of having her seduce Spencer, catch him red-handed, and make sure the whole town gets a load of it. What do you think?"
"Wouldn't that be like throwing your friend to the wolves? If Spencer's a playboy, he won't treat your friend any better. How can you call yourself a friend if you drag her into your mess? Why involve a third party in your beef?"
Brielle arched an eyebrow, smiling slightly. "Isn't what Alivia's asking you to do, essentially throwing you to the wolves? If I were as bad as you all think, how would you feel about approaching me? I'm not sure what Alivia's angle is, but if you're her pal, she shouldn't be pushing you around like this, right?"
Brielle's savvy lay in framing the conversation around her own experience, effectively resonating with Noah. Unbeknownst to him, what Alivia had asked him to do was no different. from Brielle's own scenario. Noah's face darkened, only then realizing that Brielle was hinting at his own situation. He was quick to disassociate. "Chasing after you is my own decision; it's got nothing to do with Alivia. Don't paint her in a bad light."
Chapter 318
"So, you agree that this kind of behavior is pretty low. Whether or not she put you up to this, Mr. Noah, you know the truth. I've said my piece. Good day."
Brielle stood, not lingering for another word.
Meanwhile, Noah sat clenching the arms of his office chair. His expression was as dark as the bottom of a burnt pan.
He had rose-tinted glasses on when it came to Alivia and a strong distaste for Brielle, so he couldn't see it the way Brielle did-that Alivia was throwing him under the bus. He took it as a sign of Alivia's trust because they were friends. Besides, it was because of that trust that Alivial had entrusted him with this task.
And though he knew deep down that he and Alivia were a non-starter, he wouldn't let anyone else stand in the way of her happiness. To an outsider, Noah's behavior might've been described with a popular internet lingo - he was a total simp.
Stung by Brielle's frank words, he felt a twinge of discomfort but thought the potential closeness with Alivia made it bearable. Brielle was crafty, deliberately stirring up trouble between him and Alivia.
As Brielle stepped out of the office, she caught sight of Patrick waiting at a distance. She didn't assume he was there for her and headed for the private elevator.
But then Patrick spoke up. "Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey wants a word with you."
###Chapter 319
Chapter 319
Brielle's steps halted and she was utterly confused by what Patrick was trying to say. Her brows knitted together in a frown.
Patrick made a welcoming gesture with his hand. Having received so much help from Patrick. Brielle felt she couldn't put him in a tight spot and reluctantly nodded.
Entering Max's office, she saw him seated behind his desk, leaning back in his chair with his eyes closed as if asleep. His scent was always subtle, yet Brielle couldn't help but recall the steamy nights they'd spent tangled in the sheets. Only then did his gaze burn hot, as if searing. into her soul.
"Mr. Dorsey." She called out, noting Max slowly open his eyes.
A flicker of puzzlement, then a spark of recognition crossed his face at the sight of her.
"What did you need to see me about, Mr. Dorsey?"
Max hadn't summoned her, but he guessed Patrick might've been overstepping.
As they exchanged glances, Brielle pieced it together, feeling a wash of embarrassment. "If there's nothing else, then I'll just-"
Before she could finish. Max cut in, "I have a business trip tomorrow. I'm heading to Oakwood Town."
Brielle froze, unsure why her boss would need to inform her of his travel plans. After a brief silence, she managed to say, "Oh, well, safe travels, Mr. Dorsey?"
Realizing her response, she added, "But, a trip like that surely doesn't require you to personally grace the place, does it? Even if it's to scout for materials or to oversee a new construction, that's usually a task for the business department to liaise with the local government.”
"Hmm, I've heard the Radiant Light Church there is quite famous."
So, he was going to visit a church? For what?
It probably had nothing to do with her anyway.
Her eyes dropped, and she was about to excuse herself when he suddenly asked. "Would your like to join me?" After beating around the bush, he finally laid out the invitation.
The office fell silent as Brielle pondered whether this trip was a ruse or a genuine offer. potentially her last chance to spend time with Max.
She smiled as she looked up with composed grace. "Sure, I'll go home and start packing."
Max grunted in approval; his satisfaction was apparent as he probably deduced that she would no longer be dining with Noah at some couples' restaurant.
Once outside Max's office, Brielle felt like she was floating on air. What was Max's angle?
Chapter 319
Stepping into the elevator, she couldn't resist touching her cheek, feeling its warmth. This was the first time he'd proposed they go on a trip together, a rare opportunity. She might as well treat it as a fitting end to their relationship rather than a farcical conclusion.
She caught a glimpse of her hopeful reflection in the elevator mirror, and felt a pang of self-reproach. Was the fledgling hope she'd just snuffed out beginning to stir again?
Back at her apartment, she eagerly began to pack, but paused when she spotted the vial. The last time, Ryan had threatened her into poisoning Max, using Mark as leverage. Now that Mark was safe, Ryan's plans had stalled.
But if Ryan could threaten her once, he could do it again.
She frowned, feeling it was best out of sight, and tucked it into the back of a drawer.
After finishing packing, she received a call from Aubree. Aubree sounded thrilled, "Bri, it's your birthday tomorrow! Got any wishes? I just scored big from Andrew, and how about I buy you a villa? Forget working at Dorsey International. We don't need that grief. Trust me, once I hit it big, you'll have half of everything I own-except men, of course. But if you want a man, that's negotiable; I just worry you might turn your nose up at Andrew."
Brielle smiled, knowing Aubree must have indeed struck gold. With the Clements family's vast empire and their status as the country's leading diamond merchants, money was no .
Only then did Brielle remember that tomorrow was her birthday. Was she gonna spending her birthday with Max at a church?
Her smile grew as her tone softened. "Actually, I'm going to the Radiant Light Church with Max
tomorrow."
###Chapter 320
Chapter 320
Aubree thought she'd misheard, and was frozen for a few seconds before slowly saying, "Are you sure?"
Brielle, oblivious to her friend's tone, nodded affirmatively. "Yeah, just heard it at the office, and now I've packed up at home. Sorry, Aubree, it looks like I can't celebrate my birthday with you, after all."
Aubree, holding a glass of wine, pondered for a moment and gently set it down. "No biggie. Tell me, what do you want for your birthday? If not a mansion, how about an emerald? Andrew mentioned that Infinity Brilliance discovered this incredibly rare emerald, roughly valued at seven million. Infinity Brilliance is looking for a buyer, and I bet Andrew is thinking of getting it for Tessa. How about I get it for you with Andrew's money?"
Seven million? Aubree had always been generous, but she'd never splurged quite like this.
"Aubree, you don't have to. It's way too much."
There was silence on the other end before Aubree muttered, "If you're going to the Radiant Light Church, could you could you pray for me or something? Just, you know, to keep me and Andrew together forever, and to never part. Even just to annoy him would be fine."
Brielle could only guess at the pain behind Aubree's words, but she agreed, nonetheless.
By six in the evening, Brielle's doorbell rang. It was the doorman. "Ms. Brielle, this was left for you."
Brielle was taken aback. Her mind flashed back to the last unsettling delivery of three severed fingers, her brow furrowed.
First, she received flowers, then fingers, what could it be this time?
"Ms. Brielle, you must accept it. The person who sent it said it's something you need."
Brielle knew this mysterious sender meant her no harm, despite the macabre gesture of fingers. "Alright, thank you."
Once the doorman left, she opened the box. Inside was a black ceramic urn and a note.
The note read:
-The Haywood family discarded Julian's remains. These are his ashes, Brielle. You must need them, right?
Were these Julian's ashes?
The Haywoods had taken Julian's body, and she, not being a direct relative, had no legal claim over it. She had hoped for a shred of decency from them, for a proper send-off, but it seemed the Haywoods could always stoop lower than she expected.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes. Besides the urn and the note, there was nothing else in the
box. The Haywoods had cold-heartedly disposed of Julian, just to strike at her. She had thought they took the body to leave her in anguish, not realizing they were capable of such. heartlessness. Brielle lowered her gaze, holding the urn close, and feeling truly grateful to the mysterious
person.
Tomorrow, she'd take it to the Radiant Light Church, to cleanse away the Haywood's bad vibes, hoping Julian would be reborn into a loving family.
She placed the urn in a prominent spot in the living room. Her lips curved into a faint smile, anticipating the next day.
As the clock struck twelve, she awoke briefly. Whispering 'Happy Birthday' to herself, she drifted back to sleep.
At six in the morning, she was up again, carefully packed the urn in bubble wrap, and placed it in a suitcase.
Brielle packed light, with just two outfits and some spare change for the church's donation box. She felt an unusual restlessness, and was checking the time every few minutes, eager to know when Patrick would come to pick her up.
Around nine, her phone rang. It was Patrick. "Ms. Brielle, I'm sorry, Mr. Dorsey had an emergency and can't make it."
Brielle paused, wondering why Max hadn't told her himself. "Why the sudden change of plans?" Patrick hesitated before replying, "Some urgent business came up.”
Brielle had a hunch it was something he couldn't discuss with her. "Alright, I understand."
"Ms. Brielle, I can come to pick you up if you'd like to go. I'd be happy to drive you there." "No need, I've decided not to go. My leg's still healing, and I prefer to rest at home." Actually, her leg was fine, but she chose to go alone.
After hanging up, she didn't hesitate to grab her suitcase and drive off, beginning her journey to the town, which she wouldn't reach until tomorrow. She filled the trunk with water and snacks, and hit the road, deliberately keeping her mind clear of Max.
By six in the evening, she stopped by a riverside, bathed in sunset hues, to rest and saw a news alert on her phone.
Dorsey International's CEO spotted at the airport, possibly to greet his fiancée? Wedding bells were imminent for the two powerhouses.
###Chapter 321
Chapter 321
Brielle tapped into the news feed. Her eyes landed on a photograph of Max and Alivia. There was Alivia, all smiles, beaming up at Max. Since he was shot from behind, his expression remained a mystery to the onlookers.
But the vibe of the picture? It screamed 'head over heels - a tale as old as time.
A bitter taste seeped into Brielle's smile as she exhaled a heavy sigh, and switched her phone into airplane mode. She settled back, letting the evening sky captivate her attention. The heavens were painted with strokes of crimson, reflecting off the river in a dazzling dance of
color.
After taking a few sips of water and nibbling on some snacks, she pulled out her phone to capture the sunset's beauty in a few snapshots, before continuing on her journey. Meanwhile, outside the gates of Pearl Estate, Aubree was nursing a cigarette between her fingers. She'd been buzzing the intercom for minutes, but Brielle hadn't answered.
The news had reached her last night - a slip of the tongue from Andrew, a deliberate leak. Alivia couldn't stand Brielle, so she asked Max to take her out on Brielle's birthday as a twisted form of revenge.
Aubree had pondered over the perfect birthday gift for Brielle days in advance, and even conspired with Andrew to secure a fine diamond from Infinity Brilliance.
Hearing Andrew's words last night had sent Aubree into a fury. What was Max playing at? The dislike was one thing, but toying with someone's emotions was cruel.
Brielle, ever so committed in matters of the heart, was ready to face any storm for love. Still, her sincerity seemed to be the punchline of a joke to others.
When Aubree called Brielle last night, she couldn't bring herself to break the harsh truth. She hinted, but Brielle, lost in hopeful anticipation for her day with Max, missed the undertones.
Aubree had harbored a sliver of hope herself - hope that Max wasn't like Andrew, a cad who'd warm Tessa's bed while courting her. But the news of Max picking up Alivia was out- scoundrels indeed flocked together.
Aubree imagined Brielle nursing a broken heart somewhere, enduring a lonely birthday. The thought twisted her insides with discomfort.
She dialed Andrew. His voice came through, drowsy and indifferent. "What's up?"
"You're just like Max, a jerk."
Andrew was silent for a beat before his leg dropped off the coffee table. "Look, Aubree, what's gotten into you? If you're mad at Max, fine, but why lash out at me?" "You're a bunch of scumbags."
"Weren't you quite happy under one of those 'scumbags' last night?"
He chuckled, squinting mischievously. "Are you done with your rant? Think about what your want for dinner."
"Check where Bri is for me. Her phone's unreachable, and I'm worried."
"A grown woman gone missing? Please. And it's not like this is some kind of a breakup. She knew what she was getting into with Max."
Andrew was used to Aubree's verbal lashings, and shrugged it off. At most, he'd 'punish' her later in bed.
"Aubree. Mom called today; she wants us over for dinner. Are you coming?"
Aubree was surprised, and her lashes fluttered. "I'll see. She doesn't really want to see me. She's just checking if I've got a boyfriend so I won't be a bother to you."
The Clements had their suspicions. Their mother was more astute, and sensed something amiss between Aubree and Andrew. She probed now and then. Frustrated, Aubree had moved out. Her tone softened. "Just find out where Bri is."
"No."
That damn man!
Aubree's scalp tingled with anger. "If you don't, I'll go to Tessa and tell her we've been sleeping together for years."
The line went dead.
After a minute, her phone buzzed with a message. [Brielle was spotted on her way to the Radiant Light Church.]
###Chapter 322
Chapter 322
Aubree let out a sigh of relief; it seemed Brielle had ventured out on her own. A walk to clear her head was probably for the best, instead of staying put and being bombarded with constant updates about Max and Alivia's escapades.
Meanwhile, Brielle was still in the car; her phone was on airplane mode, which meant no more incoming messages. She decided to spend the night in a hotel in the city she had reached. After booking a room, she parked her car and headed inside.
This was a neighboring city to Beaconsfield, and the hotel, nestled in a small county town, wasn't exactly top-notch. In the dead of night, a sudden pounding at the door jolted her awake. *Bang! Bang! Bang!"
"Boom!"
A cacophony of sounds twisted her brows in an instant as she sat up in bed.
The noises continued outside, peppered with the cursing of men in a local dialect Brielle couldn't understand. She pushed a table against the door for added security.
The hotel lacked any means to contact the front desk, and even if she called the cops, by the time they arrived, it might be too late for whoever was in trouble. One table wasn't enough, so she barricaded the door further with chairs.
The pounding lasted until after eleven, and she glanced at her phone. Her birthday was nearly
over.
No cake, no well-wishes.
Her lips twisted into a wry smile, consoled by the thought that at least she had witnessed a
beautiful sunset.
Once the noise ceased, she curled up in bed and drifted back to sleep. At the crack of dawn, she rose, eager to reach Radiant Light Church in time to possibly catch the sunrise.
After a two-hour drive around the scenic mountain roads, she parked her car beneath the Radiant Light Church. The sun was just peeking out from the sea of clouds, a fiery orb. Her gloom lifted entirely, and she couldn't resist stepping closer to breathe in the fresh air of nature. The sun, like a giant golden coin, began to radiate beams of light.
Watching the sunrise, Brielle felt the insignificance of humanity in the vast scheme of the universe. Her brief chapter with Max, in the grand timeline, was minuscule, so there was nothing to fret over.
She dropped some coins into the donation box and prayed. Then she took out Julian's urn and entrusted it to the church's reverend, hoping for spiritual guidance.
After completing these rituals, she remembered Aubree's instructions and pulled out a few
Chapter 322
wooden plaques. After pondering, she wrote down Aubree's wish:
May Aubree and Andrew be lied together for life.
Upon hanging the plaque on a tree, she considered her next move and wrote-Wishing for Mark's health and longevity.
With the third plaque in her hands, she was at a loss; she had no wishes of her own. After much thought and ensuring no one was watching, she wrote down-Hoping Max might give liking me a try. The idea of Max with Alivia made her feel like a lowly interloper. She quickly erased it and rewrote-Wishing myself a happy birthday.
Feeling relieved, she hung the plaque up.
The scenery at the Radiant Light Church was stunning. It was surrounded by mountains, yet no one was there to share it with her.
Just as she thought this, a voice called out from behind. "Brielle?"
She stiffened, thinking she'd misheard, and spun around. "Kenzo?"
Kenzo was dressed casually, looking somewhat surprised. "What are you doing here?"
Brielle couldn't admit the real reason for her visit, so she bit her lip awkwardly. "Just felt like paying respects, I've been through a lot lately, and I feel like my luck's been down."
Kenzo chuckled, eyeing the tree with the hanging plaques. "What did you wish for?"
Brielle was glad she had changed the last plaque because when Kenzo saw the first one she'd written, he laughed softly. "Did Aubree ask you to write that?"
Brielle blushed slightly, nodding. "She made sure to tell me before I came."
The plaques were right there, hard to ignore.
Brielle had never felt so wise. If Kenzo had seen her original third wish, the embarrassment would have been unbearable. Just the thought made her cringe. It was such a cheesy line, and it came from her hand.
Indeed, being in love could make one do silly things.
"Is today your birthday?"
Kenzo's voice was always gentle, his gaze warm.
Brielle felt a touch embarrassed, "Um."
###Chapter 323
Chapter 323
*I didn't know, so I didn't prepare a gift or anything in advance, but here, this is for you." He handed her a tiny jewelry box, probably containing a necklace or something similar. Brielle tried to decline quickly. "No need, really, thank you."
Kenzo chuckled and placed it in her hands anyway. "I was planning to give it to my sister, but got held up and couldn't go back. Running into you must be fate, so take it."
To push further would be impolite, so Brielle accepted it with gratitude. "Thank you."
Hanging out with Kenzo wasn't awkward, but Brielle was still curious. What was Kenzo doing here? It seemed too much of a coincidence.
Perhaps her confusion was too apparent, as Kenzo offered a light-hearted smile. "A family member has been feeling under the weather, and a buddy mentioned this place is quite miraculous. Since I happened to be out of town, it was convenient to come by."
That explained it.
"You're so thoughtful. I'm sure your family will bounce back in no time."
As they chatted, they continued walking inside, just as a priest came out to invite them for a meal.
Brielle had just taken a seat at the table when Kenzo's phone rang. Without stepping away, he answered the call. “Alivia?"
Brielle's hand paused mid-motion, and then she quickly pretended to be engrossed in her food.
Kenzo laughed softly. "Dining with Max? How is it? I can't make it back now; I'll probably return tomorrow. Ran into an old friend and decided to stay another night, yeah."
Brielle was worried Kenzo might've mentioned her by name. It wasn't guilt she felt but rather a desire not to draw further attention from Alivia. Noah's reaction the other day had made it clear he was acting under Alivia's influence. That meant Brielle had already caught Alivia's eye. And since her involvement with Max had ended, there was no reason for Brielle to remain a target of Alivia's spite.
Fortunately, Kenzo didn't bring her up during the call. Brielle let out a sigh of relief and quietly continued with her meal, but she couldn't help but notice that the rice seemed to have taken on a bitter taste. From the snippets of Kenzo's conversation, Brielle deduced that Alivia was with the Dorsey family and that they were likely dining together, which was why Max hadn't been able to join her at the Radiant Light Church.
"Let's talk about the engagement when I get back. It all depends on how you and Max feel,
Chapter 323
Alivia. What's meant to be will always find a way."
Kenzo spoke with calm assurance. Even just hearing him talk, made Brielle feel envious of Alivia for having such a brother.
With his distinguished family background, impressive education, and good looks-just as Tiffanie Harkins had said-Alivia truly was a golden girl.
After hanging up. Kenzo noticed Brielle had only nibbled at her food and slid a plate of greens her way. "If you fancy a burger or steak, there's a place on the next hill over. The blossoms there last longer than anywhere else. Maybe we'll see a whole hillside of wildflowers. I plan to snap a few shots. Care to join?"
A photography trip?
Kenzo, being a screenwriter, was always hunting for inspiration. Brielle's eyes lit up with envy. and all traces of her earlier despondency were gone. "Is it really that beautiful?"
Kenzo feigned contemplation before breaking into a grin. "Well, I find it beautiful. I've been there before. It's not a tourist spot, untouched by developers. The hotel there is owned by a friend. It's exclusive and doesn't open to the public."
"I'd love to go. Thanks."
Brielle's spirits lifted, and her eyes sparkled with anticipation.
Kenzo's gaze flickered, then shifted away. "Finish up, and we'll head out."
Brielle nodded, forced a few more bites, and declared she was full.
They took Kenzo's car, and Brielle had brought the ceramic urn. She volunteered an explanation, "This contains my grandfather's ashes. I thought, since the place is so beautiful, it'd be nice for him to see it too."
"You're thoughtful. Let's go."
She got into his car, and they set off toward the other hill.
After a three-hour drive, they arrived just as the evening was setting in, with the moon shining unusually bright over the hills.
The hotel Kenzo mentioned was more like a boutique lodge, beautifully secluded. Yet the owner was nowhere to be found, and the place felt like a hidden paradise, only known to those led
there by someone in the know.
"Kenzo, where's your friend?"
Kenzo glanced around and chuckled ruefully. "Looks like we picked the wrong time. He must be out. No worries, they never lock up here. There's no one around for miles."
Brielle couldn't shake a shiver of fear. What kind of person runs a hotel in such a remote mountain?
###Chapter 324
Chapter 324
She swallowed hard, grateful that the power supply here was ample, and cast a lovely glow from the well-arranged lights.
Brielle took a step forward and opened the refrigerator. As expected, it was stocked with various kinds of fresh meats. However, her culinary skills were limited at best. Just as she was about to search for some rice to make a simple porridge, she saw Kenzo pulling out a piece of meat. "How about a stew? Or maybe you'd prefer a different flavor?"
Brielle was taken aback. Kenzo, with his otherworldly demeanor, knew how to cook. "Stew sounds great. Thank you."
Kenzo nodded towards the couch not too far away. "Take a seat. It'll be ready in an hour."
Brielle, shamefully salivating, managed an "Okay." However, she didn't sit down. Instead, she wandered out to the adjacent balcony, lost in the tranquility of the secluded valley.
The night was far from pitch black in the mountains; it was lively instead. The moon here shone brighter than in Beaconsfield, and the distant sounds of insects filled the air. She closed her eyes, letting the mountain breeze caress her face and the scent of flowers wafting from below.
This was indeed a beautiful place.
Pulling out her phone, she snapped a picture of the moonlit scene, intending to send it to Aubree as a sign of her safety, but even after disabling airplane mode, there was no signal. Puzzled, she walked back inside.
"Kenzo, do you have a signal on your phone?"
Kenzo, having donned gloves, was meticulously arranging the washed meat and vegetables. Upon hearing her, he pointed to his phone on the coffee table. "See for yourself."
Brielle picked up his phone-no signal there either. How were they supposed to contact the outside world?
She paced around the lobby, noting the absence of any entertainment facilities. Surely, there was Wi-Fi. If not, she'd be off the grid for the duration of their stay.
"Kenzo, is there no Wi-Fi here? When you came here before, were you also unable to connect with the outside world?"
Kenzo paused his preparation, and his brow furrowed in confusion. "No internet?"
He pondered, "Could someone have installed a signal jammer around here?"
He chuckled ruefully. "If you're scared, we can head back after dinner."
Brielle felt a bit embarrassed; it wasn't fear, just the modern dread of being without a network. Besides, Kenzo was here to take photographs, and with the pitch-black night, he'd have to wait for the sun to rise. If they left now, his trip would have been for nothing.
CHAN 304
"No worries, it's just inconvenient without the internet."
She sat down, unaware that the atmosphere back at the Dorsey family estate was incredibly
tense.
Everyone had gathered at home, quietly waiting for the doctor to finish examining Michael. Just the other day, in the early hours, Michael had suffered a stroke and collapsed.
Max, who was supposed to leave with Brielle, heard about the incident an hour before their departure and rushed back overnight. Thankfully, Michael was rescued in time and was out of danger, but his condition was precarious, and he was preoccupied with Max's future.
In the grand hall, the doctor sat respectfully, wiping the sweat from his brow. "Michael is out of danger now, but he must avoid stress going forward. It seems to be a complication from his youth. He needs plenty of rest."
Max sat in the most conspicuous spot, his expression grim.
Meanwhile, Michael, with Victoria's assistance, was making his way downstairs. Clearing his throat, he looked down at his family gathered below. Except for the third son, who never cared for Beaconsfield, everyone was there.
"Ahem, Max, Alivia came back yesterday, and you had lunch with her today. How do you feel?"
It was Michael who had instructed Max to pick up Alivia. At that time, Michael had made this demand right after being resuscitated.
The doctor advised indulging Michael's whims, so Max had no choice but to head for the airport. His gaze fell as he remembered the meal with the Barnes family earlier that day: his patience was obviously wearing thin.
"No particular feelings."
###Chapter 325
Chapter 325
The atmosphere in the room turned rather eerie as he spoke.
In the Dorsey household, Michael's authority was unchallenged, towering above everyone. else's. So when trouble knocked on his door, the whole family gathered, fearing the worst.
The only person who might have had a fighting chance at keeping Max in check was Michael
himself.
Without Michael, the rest of the Dorseys were like dolls in Max's presence. Even William felt a twinge of worry with the sudden turn of events.
Now that Michael was just beginning to recover, Max's words were startlingly blunt.
Victoria, who was helping Michael to the sofa in the living room, shot Max a glare. "Max, Dad's just getting better. Tone it down a bit, will you?”
As Michael settled on the couch, he waved off their concern with the ease of long habit. "This old body of mine has seen better days. What worries me most, Max, is not being around to see you settled." He might as well have come right out and told Max to marry Alivia.
"Father, I've made it perfectly clear to Alivia years ago. Our families have been friends for generations, but that's all she and I can be," Max stated.
Michael gave him a quiet look, followed by a cough. "Didn't you say that if you didn't find. someone you liked, you'd marry Alivia? So, have you found that someone now?"
The question hung in the air like a soft-spoken challenge. If Max said yes, Brielle would find herself in the crosshairs of the Dorsey family's considerable influence, no matter where she hid. No one knew for sure what cards Michael still held.
"No, but I'm not looking to marry just yet."
A flicker of satisfaction graced Michael's eyes as he smiled faintly. Just as he was about to speak again, the living room door swung open, and in came Spencer, looking haggard and
worn.
Michael's brow furrowed at the sight of him; what had the boy been up to lately? He appeared significantly thinner than the last time he was brought home after that kidnapping fiasco..
Caught off guard by the crowd, Spencer paused before greeting his grandfather. Then, with heavy dark circles under his eyes, he took a seat opposite Max. His eyes, bloodshot and weary. were unable to stop darting back to Max.
Spencer had been tirelessly searching for any evidence of a liaison between Brielle and his uncle, Max. But every lead and every piece of surveillance footage he pursued had vanished without a trace. The more elusive the evidence, the deeper his suspicions grew.
Just last night, he'd approached the Hatfield family, hoping they would release the footage from the night of the party, but they had politely refused, citing the privacy of their guests.
1/2
15-08
Chapter 325
Frustration gnawed at Spencer as he clenched his fists until they seemed to draw blood.
He had intended to look for clues at Brielle's old apartment, but after the fire, all the tenants had moved out. Several had died in the blaze, and the building had become a ghost town. Unwilling to give up, Spencer had been doggedly questioning former residents, even showing them a picture of Max to see if anyone recognized him, but to no avail.
He couldn't quite pin down why he was so determined to press on. Perhaps he was driven by a terrifying intuition-an intuition that made him want to tear everything apart.
If Brielle and Max were involved, where had Brielle been on those nights when Max had just returned to the country? Was she with some gigolo, as she claimed, or with Max? Spencer could not contemplate the thought, for just the speculation alone threatened to unravel him.
Something tumultuous churned within him. With a tight-lipped sneer, he lifted his gaze to meet Michael's and spoke with feigned sincerity. "Grandfather, there's something I need to talk to you about. Given your ill health, why don't we have a celebration to lift the spirits? Uncle Max may not be eager to marry just yet, but I am, and I've got someone in mind. I was foolish before, but I've seen clearly through my recent trials. I must marry her and no other."
Chapter 326IIII
Chapter 326
###Chapter 326
Chapter 326
Michael arched an eyebrow with a hint of interest. "Oh? You've finally taken the initiative, Spencer. Who's the girl?"
Spencer glanced at Max, but Max was unfazed, casually sipping the coffee a servant had handed him. Spencer felt a tightness in his chest, as if he was being dismissed. "You know her. it's Brielle. I wronged her in the past, but I've turned over a new leaf, and I'm ready to make things work with her."
The mention of Brielle made Michael's expression darken. He had heard that name more than once, and the thought of both his son and grandson entangled with such a woman made the last shred of fondness he had for her vanish into thin air.
Women like her were trouble, and trouble, as far as he was concerned, didn't deserve to thrive.
"Spencer, you were once engaged to her, and that engagement was broken off. Now you're talking about getting back together with her. If word gets out, people will laugh at how lightly you treat marriage. Besides, Brielle has caused quite a stir in Beaconsfield; her reputation is in tatters. How can you expect a woman like her to step through the Dorsey family threshold?"
Back in the day, Victoria managed to secure Everett by her side with her theatrics and threats, and that was an exception Michael had reluctantly made-after all, Everett was a world-renowned pianist. But Brielle? What was she? She wasn't world-renowned, and her modest fame stemmed from nothing more than scandals involving the Haywood family.
Michael had little respect for Everett back then, and even less for Brielle now. "Let's drop this
matter."
"Grandfather, but I-"
Seeing Michael's face turn sour, Faith, who sat among the others, quickly spoke up. "Spencer, your grandfather's right. Brielle doesn't even know who her parents are. She's definitely not Dorsey material. If you're so eager to marry, I can find you a suitable young lady from one of the other distinguished families in Beaconsfield."
As soon as she finished, Max took a leisurely sip of his coffee. "Spencer's intentions commendable. In that case, I'll leave this task to you, Faith."
are
This move effectively blocked any chance of Spencer and Brielle reuniting.
Was a man like Spencer, known for his frivolous pursuits, worthy of Brielle? Max's face was impassive, and his fingers tightened imperceptibly. It was better to nip this in the bud.
Spencer's face soured as he realized why Max had been so composed earlier; he had foreseen Michael's disapproval. If Michael had seen something in Brielle, he would never have allowed the engagement
to be broken off in the first place. No prestigious family in Beaconsfield had ever re-engaged after calling off an engagement-it would indeed become the talk of the town.
Spencer felt his blood boil. To him, Max was an insurmountable peak, and his frost was untouched even by the blazing sun.
Spencer's eyelashes drooped, but even then, he would not allow Max to be with Brielle. This dusty gem was his discovery: why should he lose his right to possess it? Resentment flashed in his eyes, but he said nothing more. His mind was already hatching. plans.
Michael sighed, glancing at the darkening sky. "It's getting late. You've all been here a while: go on home."
The guests slowly rose to leave. Max was the last to go. Just as he turned the corner, he heard footsteps and Spencer's voice. "Uncle Max."
Max's face showed a flicker of impatience, but Spencer was still family, so he composed himself. What is it?"
Td like to return to work at Dorsey International, in my old department. With Brielle as the director and the manager position still vacant, I could learn a lot from her.
Max locked down. "Submit a job application to the department head. I won't be handling the manager position. You should be familiar with the new hiring policies from the recent department restructuring." And, of course, the department head was none other than Brielle.
###Chapter 327
Chapter 327
Spencer felt the last vestige of color drain from his face. He was a Dorsey, through and through, and yet here he was, having to get Brielle's permission to even step foot into Dorsey Enterprises. Why the hell should he?
But the man laying down the law was Max. Even with a heart full of reluctance, Spencer didn't dare act out in front of Max.
Spencer's fists tightened slowly, and his knuckles were whitening, before he finally let go. "I get it. I'll play by the rules," he muttered.
Max gave Spencer a cursory nod, his indifference as cutting as a blade, before he turned on his heel and left.
As soon as he was gone, Faith emerged from behind a nearby column. Her voice was laden with concern as she clutched Spencer's sleeve. "What's gotten into you? You used to be all about Lillian, and now you're chasing after that bastard girl? Did that kidnapping knock something loose in your head?"
Spencer's control snapped, and his fist slammed into the column with such force that it came away bloody.
Faith yelped, instantly pulling out a handkerchief with a maternal instinct. "What are your doing?"
Spencer's lips parted as if to speak, but before a word could escape, a sharp slap cut the air. His cheek flared with pain, and his mouth filled with the metallic taste of blood.
Spencer turned to face the assailant, meeting Ryan's burning gaze.
Ryan and Faith had been there the whole time, waiting for Max to leave before they dared to show themselves. Ryan was no fool. He saw right through his son's intentions. It wasn't just about vying for the family fortune; it was about winning over a woman.
Was it a case of the early bird getting the worm? But could Brielle even be considered a prize?
Faith's pupils shrank in fear, yet she didn't dare go against Ryan. Her voice sounded timid as she intervened. "Let's just talk this through. Spencer's probably still rattled from the kidnapping. He never gave Brielle the time of day before."
But Spencer, clutching his stricken face, was already staring off in the direction Max had gone. "Mom, Dad, that was then," he said, wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth before striding away with a resolute step.
Faith and Ryan were left behind, and their expressions were turning stormy. A dark resolve flickered in Ryan's eyes. He had thought to use Brielle to get at Max, but now it seemed unnecessary. Max was heartless. No woman held a special place with him. And now his own son had fallen under Brielle's spell, and nearly incited the wrath of the patriarch, Michael.
Brielle was a disaster that couldn't be allowed to linger.
1/2
15-09
Chapter 327
Max reached the family estate's driveway and got into his car, unbuttoning the top button of his
shirt.
Since Michael had been rushed to the ER, nobody had rested. The day before had been spent executing the patriarch's orders and dealing with the Barnes family. By his count, Max hadn't slept in two days. Patrick sat in the driver's seat, catching the red in Max's eyes through the rearview mirror. "Sir, shall we head back to Premier Palace for some rest?"
Max's eyelashes quivered, and his hand massaged his temple as his voice came out husky with fatigue. "Take me to Radiant Light Church." Patrick looked surprised. "Now?"
"Yes."
Max's voice was soft, and his exhaustion was evident as he leaned back in his seat, his aristocratic bearing undiminished. With a few buttons undone, his Adam's apple stood out starkly against his skin. Patrick knew better than to argue. The weather service had already issued travel warnings. The temperature was expected to plummet, and there might even be snow in higher elevations. It wasn't safe to travel, but he knew Max was aware of the risks.
Max was probably feeling guilty about standing up Brielle, and even though he was two days late, he felt compelled to go.
Patrick had often thought that in some ways, the two were alike. The day he informed Max that Ms. Brielle planned to rest at home, Max had predicted she would go to the church alone. But at that time, with Michael still in the emergency room, Max, as the Dorsey family's pillar, couldn't leave.
Turned out, Ms. Brielle had indeed gone alone.
"Sir, why don't you rest a while? I'll drive slower."
Max didn't respond and just closed his eyes and rested against the seat, surrendering to his weariness.
###Chapter 328
Chapter 328
shake
Max couldn't he thought of reaching out to Brielle, but what on earth could he say? He
had stood her up, plain and simple, No excuses could erase that fact. "Some things are better said in person," he reasoned.
By now, Brielle had finished her meal, surprised to find that Kenzo, who looked like he'd never lifted a finger in the kitchen, had whipped up something delicious.
She took her time savoring every bite of her pasta bowl, then couldn't help but ask. "Kenzo, if there's a signal jammer around here, where's the switch?"
Kenzo rubbed his temples with a sigh. "I don't know. He must've run into some trouble recently: otherwise, he wouldn't have set up a jammer around this place. The last time I was here was
two years ago."
Brielle couldn't help but laugh at the irony of their situation. It seemed they were destined to be out of touch with the world for the night.
After washing up the dishes, she heard a clinking sound on the floor and turned to see that a fortune cookie had fallen from Kenzo's pocket. Brielle paused, a little puzzled.
She bent down to pick it up, but Kenzo was quicker, slipping the little slip of paper back into his pocket.
Brielle found it amusing. So, even a guy like Kenzo believed in these things? "Did you ask the fortune cookie for love advice, Kenzo?"
His eyes crinkled with a smile. "Something like that. It was a good fortune, and I didn't want to throw it away."
"You'll find what you're looking for, I'm sure of it.”
Kenzo didn't reply but took a seat on the couch. "Hopefully." His tone was nonchalant, as if he wasn't particularly enamored with the idea of his destined other half. But Brielle didn't pry. That was his personal business, after all.
Kenzo pointed upstairs. "Go up the stairs, and to the right, there's a guest room. I'll take the one downstairs. Goodnight."
With one upstairs, and one downstairs, they were being considerate of each other's space.
Brielle appreciated the thoughtfulness and nodded. "Alright then, I'll head off to bed. Get some rest yourself, Kenzo."
After settling into the guest room and taking a shower, Brielle still couldn't resist checking her phone one more time. No signal. She sighed and lay down, drifting off into a peaceful sleep.
The next morning, the sound of the wind woke her. Opening her eyes, she saw the forest had burst into bloom. She flung open the window; the air was fragrant with the scent of fresh. flowers. After freshening up, she went downstairs to find bread and milk on the table. With her stomach. full, she stepped outside. Kenzo was there with his camera, capturing the forest in its glory. Brielle quickly retrieved her grandfather's ceramic urn.
Kenzo paused, pointing to a bare tree in the distance. "How about burying your granddad's ashes under that tree? It's a peach tree. It'll bloom after winter."
Brielle had had the same thought, but this was Kenzo's friend's property. It seemed presumptuous to bury a stranger's urn without asking. Reading her hesitation, Kenzo smiled. "He never believed in these things. He won't mind."
Brielle nodded, found a shovel, and carefully dug a small hole at the base of the tree. She placed the urn inside and tenderly covered it with soil. Kenzo didn't watch, focusing instead on the scenery through his lens.
When it was all done, they headed back to the car, ready to leave.
Meanwhile, at Radiant Light Church, Max had arrived. Hearing from the clergy that Brielle had indeed been there but had left the previous evening with a man, his heart sank.
A man?
###Chapter 329
Chapter 329
Tucked away in the remote countryside, the Radiant Light Church stood in a place where
security cameras were considered disrespectful to the deities worshipped within its hallowed walls. The backroads that Max and Patrick had traversed were even less likely to be monitored. Who was Brielle with when she left?
Max whipped out his cellphone and dialed Brielle's number without hesitation.
No answer.
His expression darkened instantly. "Patrick, get someone on it. Now."
Patrick nodded, his movements quickening as he began to make arrangements.
Max pondered for a moment before he decided to call Aubree. If Brielle had made plans with someone else to come to the retreat, Aubree would certainly be in the know. But Aubree didn't pick up her phone either.
A sense of unease gripped Max, stronger than even the night he had found himself amidst the flames of a fire. It was as if a sealed valley had suddenly flung open to let a relentless wind tear through, chilling to the bone.
While waiting for any news, his phone rang urgently. It was Alivia calling. Max didn't want to answer and contemplated hanging up, but then a text from Alivia came through. Max's mother had just been rushed into the ER at an overseas hospital.
Max's pupils contracted sharply, and he called Alivia back immediately.
Alivia was currently at the Barnes family's estate, and couldn't help but feel a twisted sense of
relief upon receiving the news. Max's mother's deteriorating health meant it the time
Alivia was needed most. She had been Max's mother's most trusted confidante over the years. even more than her own son.
"Max, the attending doctor just called me. Your mother's mental state isn't good. If she pulls through this time, they'll have to increase her medication dosage. But you know the side effects of those drugs." Max rubbed his temples wearily. "I'm coming back right away."
A car would be far too slow. Within an hour, a helicopter dispatched from the nearest base arrived. Max climbed aboard, but not before giving Patrick one last order.
"Stay here and make sure Brielle is safe. I've got to go abroad.”
Patrick, recalling that Max hadn't rested for two nights straight, worried that he might have another spell of discomfort like the last time. "Sir, you must rest when you get there." Patrick implored.
"Understood."
Chapter 329
Max buckled himself in, paused, and then added, "Call me once you've confirmed her safety." Sleep would elude him every time his mother had a crisis.
As Max's helicopter lifted off, he looked down to see a car speeding through the mountain. roads, but he didn't dwell on it, retracting his gaze..
At that same moment, Brielle glanced up and caught the fleeting shadow of the helicopter as it flew overhead. She raised an eyebrow, a slight smirk on her lips. "Who's flying a chopper out here? Could it be someone scouting for movie locations?"
Kenzo, who was driving, chuckled. "Maybe it's some rich kid playing around."
Brielle didn't respond, her gaze fixed on the receding silhouette.
Suddenly, she longed to return to B The retreat offered stunning sunsets and
sunrises, but one couldn't run away forever. She exhaled deeply, and just then, her phone rang. Did she have a signal now?
Surprised, she exchanged a puzzled glance with Kenzo, who, after a few seconds, suggested, "Must be out of the signal-blocking area."
Brielle quickly checked the caller ID. It was Aubree. "Aubree, what's up?"
Aubree was frantic, but hearing Brielle's calm voice helped her relax.
"You have no idea how worried I was. I couldn't reach you at all. Max called me half an hour ago, but I didn't pick up."
She had purposely ignored the call, suspecting Max was inquiring about Brielle. After all, if decisions had been made, there was no need for further dragging of feet. Brielle fell silent for a moment before letting out a sigh. "Yeah, I know. I'm on my way back
now."
Before she could finish, Kenzo pointed out. "Look at that cliffside."
Instinctively, Brielle turned to see a pair of cliffs standing in opposition, their towering forms. etched against the sky-a testament to nature's awe-inspiring craftsmanship.
Aubree perked up at the sound of a male voice in the background. "Who's with you?"
Brielle hesitated, wary of saying Kenzo's name. Kenzo and Max moved in the same circles, and with Aubree's penchant for gossip, there was a chance Andrew would find out, leading to yet another complicated explanation.
"Just a friend," she said cautiously.
Aubree wasn't buying it. "Sounds like someone I know. And you won't say his name because you're afraid I'll tell Andrew, right? Is it that man from your college?"
Brielle felt a headache coming on.
"Bri, you're something else. Alivia snagged the guy you had your eye on; and you just go after
2/3
15:09
Chapter 329
her brother. Now you outrank her, and I can just imagine her squirming in front of you... must. feel pretty good, huh?"
Brielle could only manage a wry smile when suddenly the car lurched forward-their vehicle
had been hit.
After the first impact, a second blow came. It was deliberate!
###Chapter 330
Chapter 330
Brielle's brows furrowed sharply as she quickly bid farewell to Aubree and turned her attention. to Kenzo. "Kenzo, are we being followed?"
Kenzo nodded, hastily securing all the windows. "Brielle, buckle up."
She felt the nerves kick in. Were they after them, or...
Before she could finish her thought, the sound of gunfire pierced the air, shattering the rearview mirror, Kenzo jerked the steering wheel fiercely: his expression was as dark as a storm cloud.
With only one mirror left, Kenzo glanced through it to see four or five cars that had seemingly come out of nowhere now tailing them. "Brielle, do you know how to handle a gun? There's one under your seat. Load it and pull the trigger."
Brielle had aced her college shooting class, but it had been years since she'd touched a firearm. Without hesitation, she retrieved the gun from beneath her seat. As the car was about to make a sharp turn, she held her breath.
Kenzo was about to advise her on when to shoot but instead saw her poke her head out during the turn, aiming directly at the driver of the pursuing car. The vehicle behind them veered out of control and plummeted off the cliff's edge.
Before Brielle could even celebrate, a massive truck loomed ahead.
Pincer attack. The people behind them had no intention of letting them live!
"Hold on!" Kenzo spun the wheel almost reflexively, hastily making the most advantageous choice.
The car plunged down an embankment, crashing through several trees. Kenzo's head struck the windshield, and blood instantly clouded his vision.
"Kenzo!" Brielle was unharmed but dizzy. She quickly opened the car door, intending to unbuckle him.
But Kenzo shook his head, his tone eerily calm, "Have you had any accidents lately?"
Brielle recalled the attack she'd experienced with Patrick and nodded.
Kenzo pursed his lips. "They're after you, and they want you dead. Go on ahead."
How could Brielle leave at such a moment? If she left, would Kenzo even survive? Out here in the wilderness, with his leg injured, infection could lead to fever and unconsciousness.
"Brielle, there's a village close by. Find someone there to come for me. If you stay, we're both as good as dead."
After a moment of panic, Brielle spotted searchers already nearby. "Kenzo, at least let me get you out." Chapter 330
Kenzo chuckled softly, sighing. "My leg's injured."
"I'll help you hide somewhere else, then go for help."
Kenzo nodded, gritting his teeth as he pulled the debris from his leg. Brielle's heart skipped a beat. She tore a piece of cloth from her clothing and hastily bandaged his wound.
The voices of their pursuers grew nearer. She hid Kenzo behind a large tree, camouflaging him with branches and leaves.
Both of them moving together was out of the question. Kenzo's leg was severely injured, and she couldn't carry him far. The likely outcome would be both of them dying here.
"Kenzo, wait for me here."
Kenzo slowly nodded, sweat beading on his brow from the pain.
Brielle took a deep breath and started running towards the village Kenzo mentioned. She also tried to use her phone to contact the outside world, but after their fall, there was no signal. She stumbled down a small slope, tumbling to a creek's edge.
Kenzo was right; they were after her. As long as she remained alive, they would keep pursuing her and ignore Kenzo. Only if she left would Kenzo be safe.
She pushed herself up and ran another thousand meters before collapsing from exhaustion. Her hands and knees were scraped and bleeding. Gunshots echoed in the distance. She looked around at the isolated terrain and felt a wave of despair wash over her. "Bang!"
"Bang! Bang!"
She looked down, curling her fingers, then staggered to her feet and forced herself to keep running, but after only a few steps, she fell again.
The area was strewn with jagged rocks, and the only thing in sight was the flowing creek, offering no place to hide. Once out of the car crash's woodland cover, there was nothing but the stream. If she slowed down even for a moment, she'd become a target for their guns.
With no patch of unscathed skin left on her hands, she heard shouts and more gunfire in the distance. She closed her eyes, accepting her fate.
Strangely, regret filled her thoughts.
Her last wish at the Radiant Light Church should have been about Max, if she had known she was going to die the next day. Even if Kenzo had teased her about the wish, it wouldn't have mattered,. Only regrets... that's all that remained.
###Chapter 331
Chapter 331
Suddenly, the sky was pierced by the roar of a helicopter. Reinforcements. They actually had reinforcements.
At this moment, the only person Brielle felt sorry for was Kenzo, who was completely an innocent victim in this mess. No, she couldn't give up. Even if it meant dying here, she had to save Kenzo. Brielle gritted her teeth, and the taste of iron filled her mouth. She could no longer stand, so she crawled on the ground, inching forward. The roar of the chopper grew louder as if it were right above her. Through her blurred vision, she could make out a figure in a sleek suit approaching swiftly. Without seeing his face, she knew he was in a panic.
Max?
It was probably just a dying hallucination..
Brielle felt a profound sense of injustice. On the brink of death, she still didn't know who was targeting her. They had come after her with such force.
Blood stained the cobblestones as Max's heart shattered. The world around him faded, leaving only the expanding image of Brielle, seared into his retinas in shades of red.
"Brielle!" He hastened to her side and lifted her. His cool presence threatened to shatter the very air around them.
This wasn't an illusion. Had Max really come? Brielle squinted, hearing distant gunfire, and quickly grabbed his arm. "Max?"
His heart trembled at the sight of her blood-stained fingers. Her leg wounds, barely healed, were injured once more.
Max pulled her into his embrace. "What happened?"
Brielle didn't have time to ponder why Max was there; her eyes reddened in an instant. "I..."
She choked up but then remembered Kenzo, forcing herself to be calm. "Kenzo is still over there. We need to go back quickly."
Max didn't move but instead took out a tissue to wipe her palms. His long fingers tremble
slightly, his gaze unsettled. "Kenzo? You went to the Radiant Light Church with him?"
"He wanted to take some photos."
Kenzo indeed loved seeking inspiration in various places. It seemed his encounter with Brielle was a mere chance.
Max held her close. "I'll have someone look for him. You come with me."
Chapter 331
Injured as she was, Brielle was of no use here. But with Kenzo's fate uncertain, how could she
leave without worry?
"I want to find Kenzo."
Now that reinforcements had arrived, they should go back for Kenzo.
Max remained silent, a sharp taste crossing his heart as if he had bitten into a lemon. "My people will find Kenzo and ensure his safety."
Brielle's mind cleared. It seemed that fate had been kind to let her see the person she most wanted to in her dying moments. It was enough.
Sensing her reluctance to leave and the blood dripping from her fingertips to the ground, Max felt a sudden pain in his chest. "Let me first stop your bleeding."
Only then did Brielle glance at the wounds on her leg and palm; though minor, the blood made them look frightful. She sat on a nearby rock, feeling a chill throughout her body.
Max's backup was swift; several more helicopters flew in, scouring the woods. The gunfire had stopped; the assailants had likely retreated upon seeing the reinforcements. If so, then Kenzo should be safe. Brielle's heart settled, and her gaze fell upon Max. He took a bandage from a subordinate and knelt to tend to her leg wound. His dark eyes were cast down, and his brows relaxed.
Feeling out of place, Brielle instinctively drew her leg back, fearing even the slightest stain on her shoe might tarnish his pristine fingers.
Max had promised to join her here but had bailed, and now he had descended like a deity. If making someone fall was a talent, then Max truly had a gift.
He caught her leg firmly, a serious look in his eyes. "Don't move."
Her face flushed, and she quickly looked away.
Once he finished, she stood, fearing another moment might compel her to ask the questions bubbling inside her.
Why did he come? Why was he so gentle?
me Way th
"I'm going back for Kenzo." Her head bowed, she walked had come.
Max couldn't dissuade her and followed, but his phone rang again. As she walked, she heard him answer. "I've discussed it with the doctor, use the new medication and a sedative to stabilize her mood." "Yes, I've had a situation here, I'll be on my way shortly."
Brielle wasn't attentive, so she had a misstep, expecting to fall onto the rough stones, but was caught by the waist and pulled into a cool embrace.
"Be careful." The words were for her. Max ensured she was alright, before he continued with his
Chapter 331
instructions on the phone. I'll come in person to sign off for the use of the new medication."
After hanging up, he stepped in front of Brielle and crouched down. She stepped back, alarmed. What was he doing?
"Get on."
"But..."
Before she could finish, her hand was pulled firmly, and she found herself hoisted onto his back.
###Chapter 332
Chapter 332
The chill of his presence was an oddly comforting shroud as Brielle leaned against his back. Exhausted to her core, the sting of tears threatened to betray her when Max hoisted her up effortlessly.
Taking a few steps forward, Max's broad shoulders offered a smooth ride, while his bodyguard, trailing behind, dared not linger his gaze and hastened Into the forest to look for Kenzo. Brielle's fingers clutched at the fabric of Max's suit, and after a moment's hesitation, she rested her chin on his shoulder and closed her eyes. Ten minutes ago, she thought she was a goner. "Brielle, you're not crying, are you?" Max's voice was even, his stride unshaken.
Brielle, who had felt a twinge at the tip of her nose, stifled it, "How could I be?"
A soft chuckle escaped Max as he glanced into the distance.
Brielle, fighting back her emotions, quickly changed the subject. "Patrick took me to that old warehouse where we planned to trap Spencer. We were ambushed then, too. It's got to be the same group-they're well-trained." Her voice was calm and analytical.
"Right."
As Max carried on, a loud boom echoed from afar, and a fiery blaze erupted in the woods. A car had exploded, igniting a wildfire. Thankfully, it wasn't summer; otherwise, the blaze would have been hell to control.
A shiver ran down Brielle's spine as she clutched tighter at the fabric on Max's arm. Her palms were sweating with anxiety.
"Don't be scared."
Max's soothing voice comforted her as he attempted to call Patrick, only to find no signal on his phone. The reception in the woods was hit or miss, and sometimes it was non-existent. "We're better off by the clearing." Max noted.
"Mr. Dorsey. I hid Kenzo in a different spot. The fire shouldn't reach there, but I'm not sure if those guys found him."
"Just direct me, and I'll take you there."
Brielle felt a surge of relief and nodded, wrapping her arms around his neck. The cool forest breeze brushed the faces of the unlikely pair.
Max followed the path upward, noticing sporadic drops of blood-Brielle's-and felt a pang of distress.
Brielle's voice sounded weary with fatigue as she whispered near his ear, "About 500 meters
more."
Chapter 332
Max nodded and was ready to press on, then he heard her delirious murmur. "I thought I'd never see you again." Was she delirious?
Max pursed his lips, recalling the car he'd noticed earlier but hadn't identified as Brielle's until Patrick's call. He was going abroad, and it would be days before he returned. He felt the need to speak with her, face to face. But on his way, he saw the smoke rising from the woods.
Brielle's car had crashed. The realization sent shivers down his spine.
When he found her sprawled by the river, his heart skipped a beat. At that moment, nothing else mattered-just that Brielle was alive. "Just stay alive," he silently pleaded.
Max's grip tightened as he softly called, "Brielle?"
She felt like slipping into sleep, eyelids warring against each other. At the sound of his voice, her head stirred, and her lips brushed against the skin of his neck. Max tensed, his voice a shade huskier. "Don't move around. Just guide me."
Brielle lifted her head. "Turn right, straight ahead. I covered our tracks with some branches."
Overcome by exhaustion, she nestled onto his back and drifted off.
"Brielle?" Max called again, receiving no response. He gently settled her onto a protruding rock. He tapped her face lightly. Brielle's eyes fluttered open to see the surroundings shrouded in fog; the visibility had reduced to mere meters. "Is that fog?"
Max nodded, checking her forehead. She wasn't feverish, just drained.
"Yeah, it's thick. The fire's died down. Our guys should have found Kenzo by now."
But without cell service, they were cut off.
Winter fog was common in these well-preserved woods, and the mist was thick and persistent. It felt like when it rained, it poured.
Max tucked a stray hair behind her ear, his tone gentle. "Once we're out of here, there's something I need to tell you."
###Chapter 333
Chapter 333
Brielle couldn't guess what he was about to say, but that single sentence had injected a jolt of energy into her weary bones.
The thrumming of the helicopter blades was audible, yet with the mountains shrouded in a thick mist, it was impossible to pinpoint someone's location once they strayed.
Max crouched down again, gesturing for her to climb on. "I'll take you back. Kenzo's already been picked up."
It seemed Kenzo's injuries were serious; otherwise, the chopper wouldn't have hovered directly overhead. They must have sent a winch down from high above to haul him up. Thankfully, they weren't dealing with a dense fog; otherwise, evacuating Kenzo would have been a nightmare.
"Are you sure Kenzo has been rescued?" Brielle wrapped her arms around his neck again, whispering close enough that her breath tickled his skin.
Max looked down, his eyelashes casting shadows on his cheeks as he murmured a subdued "Yeah."
Brielle felt an overwhelming sense of relief. The fog grew thicker, to the point where even the ground beneath her feet was nearly obscured, wrapping the world in an ethereal haze.
Later on, when Brielle would recount this episode to Aubree, she would mention she always felt as if they had been surrounded by chaos, unsure where heaven or earth lay. Perched on his back, she watched him navigate the fog-enshrouded terrain, a vast expanse where it seemed
the only two souls left.
they!
She wished this path would stretch on indefinitely, without end, but she knew all too well that this brief, blissful moment was no more than a beautiful yet fragile castle in the air, so precarious that pulling out a single brick could bring it down like an avalanche.
As the fog began to dissipate, the stream ahead gradually came into view. Brielle's eyes drooped with a touch of sadness.
Max walked with a steady gait, noticing that a group had gathered in a clearing up ahead, waiting. It seemed that the fog had been too dense, and after finding Kenzo, everyone had retreated.
A man approached Max. "Sir, Mr. Kenzo's been taken to the local clinic for stitches. Once he's patched up, he'll be able to return to Beaconsfield."
Curious eyes swept over Brielle, but she quickly looked away.
Brielle's injuries were superficial. She tugged discreetly at Max's suit jacket. "Put me down, I can walk."
Max set her down but, worried she might trip over the stones, so he kept an arm around her waist and announced to the others, "Let's head back."
15:12
Their curiosity was palpable, but nobody asked any questions.
Max helped Brielle onto the helicopter and sat beside her as it took off, rising higher and higher from the ground.
Brielle gazed out the window, feeling a sense of loss. Was this return journey a sign that everything was over? Was this a happy ending?
Overcome by exhaustion, she couldn't resist leaning against the side and falling asleep.
Max glanced at her and gently shifted her head onto his shoulder. With that done, his thoughts began to drift.
Both of Brielle's brushes with danger had been because of him. Without his involvement. someone with her background wouldn't have faced such threats in Beaconsfield.
Who could it be? They were well-trained, tactful, and attacked without leaving a single trace.
His lips pressed into a thin line, his eyes cutting sharply through the air.
The helicopter soon landed at the Premier Palace. Brielle was asleep, and barely aware that she was being carried into a warm embrace; she mumbled groggily. "When can Kenzo return to Beaconsfield?" She was too drowsy to open her eyes, yet still worried about Kenzo.
"Patrick's taking care of him; don't worry."
Relieved, Brielle snuggled into his chest and drifted off again.
Max carried her up to the second-floor bedroom. The bathtub was already filled with hot water. and he gently lowered Brielle into it.
Wrapped in the warmth, Brielle finally stirred awake. Realizing she was naked, her cheeks. flushed a deep crimson as she lowered her gaze, pretending to be still asleep.
What was happening? How did she end up in Premier Palace, and what was Max doing? Her cheeks burned with embarrassment.
Max, meanwhile, grabbed a loofah, poured some fragrant body wash on it, and began to scrub her body gently.
Brielle's blush deepened, spreading from her cheeks to the tips of her fingers.
###Chapter 334
Chapter 334
Max was cautious around her wounds, not daring to let her soak in the bath for too long. He washed her swiftly, then carefully lifted her and placed her on the bed.
After ensuring she was settled, he turned and headed to the bathroom for a quick shower himself. He emerged shortly after, pulling on a pair of pajama bottoms and tying the drawstring at his waist. His physique was striking-broad shoulders, narrow waist-and as water dripped from his damp hair, he exuded an undeniable allure.
A knock came at the door. It was Wesley. "Sir, Ms. Alivia has called. She seems quite anxious and hopes you can join her abroad as soon as possible."
Max paused in the act of drying his hair and opened the door to issue a command, "Fetch some antiseptic cream."
Wesley nodded, and within a minute, he handed the cream to Max.
Max turned back, taking hold of Brielle's foot, and gently applied the ointment to the fine cuts that had not become inflamed after soaking. After smoothing the cream over her wounds and additional spots on her legs, he went to wash his hands. Upon his return, his phone rang. He answered, massaging his temple, which throbbed with tension.
"Yeah, I'll be there in two hours."
He hung up and looked down at Brielle, whose dark hair fanned across the pillow, contrasting with her skin like a fallen fairy in the night.
Max swallowed hard and called out
"Brielle?"
She slowly opened her eyes, her gaze quietly meeting his. No words were exchanged, just a silent space hanging between them.
Brielle was so tired it felt like a dream, as if she had been transported back to the beginning. Her eyes misted over as she looked at Max. The tips of her lashes were slightly drunk with sleepiness, as though she'd had too much wine.
Max ended the call and moved closer, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. He intended to leave after that simple gesture, but Brielle bit down on his fingertip. There was a tiny imprint where her teeth had been, and then, tilting her head, she licked it like a kitten.
Max's breath hitched, and he inhaled deeply, attempting to pull away. But she wrapped her arms around his waist, and her lips found the tense muscles of his torso through the open collar of his shirt. The frost in his gaze began to melt, revealing a fervor as red as blooming blossoms. He leaned in, pulling her close and setting her down by the window ledge.
The cool breeze from the open window brought her back to her senses; the fog in her eyes cleared. "Mmm," she managed, unable to form words. Max insisted on her awakening, on her realizing exactly what was happening.
Chapter 334
Afraid of falling backward, Brielle clung to his neck.
"Scared?" His voice was a deep, raspy whisper, grazing her nose.
Brielle's mind had come rushing back, and she was fully aware of what she had just done. Her embarrassment caused her fingers to curl into her palm.
The temperature seemed to rise, their lips meeting with the Intensity of lightning striking dry timber. Eventually, Brielle opened her mouth and bit down on his collarbone, leaving a glistening mark.
Max paused, pushing her hair aside and taking her wrist in his hand, tracing upward until their fingers intertwined, sending a shiver through them both.
Fireworks seemed to burst in her eyes. Even the upward curl of her lashes looked like a dangerously intoxicating bloom, sharp and feverish.
"Brielle, wait for me to come back," he murmured hazily into her ear.
Confused, she looked up at him; her long lashes were reminiscent of a bird's feathers. Max dropped his gaze and was hooked once again as their lips met anew.
He had promised to leave in two hours, but it turned into four as he reluctantly pulled away from her lips, savoring the taste he was reluctant to leave behind.
Brielle's cheeks were flushed, and she felt as if she was still caught in the tempest, her body not her own. After Max left, she slowly opened her eyes to the familiar ceiling and couldn't help but pull the pillow close, burying her head into it.
He had said to wait for him to return: perhaps he had something to say.
She could barely remember, and was so overwhelmed by the intensity of their lovemaking, as if they were trying to engrave each other into their very bones. It seemed he did care about her, after all.
was of
He had stood her up for their trip to Radiant Light Church to pick up Alivia, and now he with Alivia again. Surely, there was something she didn't know. She decided to take a chance this time, to wait for him to come back, to wait for him to say it in person.
A heavy rain had started to fall in Beaconsfield, the sound of it pitter-pattering against the windows. Brielle slept through to the next day, waking up exhausted. The night had taken its toll, leaving her feeling completely drained.
Wesley's respectful knock came from outside the door. "Ms. Brielle, are you awake?"
It was then she remembered she was at the Premier Palace. Quickly, she went to freshen up, but upon seeing her reflection in the mirror, her face flushed red. Her neck was marked with many traces of love bites, and she remembered-hadn't she also left a bite on Max's collarbone?
###Chapter 335
Chapter 335
"That was a bit reckless," she mused aloud.
After freshening up, she deliberately pulled her collar higher and opened the door, finding Wesley still waiting outside.
"Ms. Brielle, why don't you head down for some hot soup to chase away the chill? Mr. Dorsey instructed me, before he left, not to let you step out of Premier Palace. Mr. Kenzo is still recuperating in town, and if the Barnes clan traces his last known whereabouts to you, I reckon they might drag you into this mess."
A bitter taste spread in Brielle's mouth; Kenzo had met with disaster because of her. She glanced at her frail form and wondered if she could withstand the wrath of the Barnes family should they decide to come after her for this incident.
As she sipped her soup, her mind was racing. Twice now, she'd been targeted, yet the assailant left no clues. Who could it be? With her status, how could she have attracted such a vendetta?
She almost immediately concluded that it was her connection with Max that had brought this peril upon her.
Beaconsfield seemed like a gaping maw, ready to swallow her whole, an insignificant player in its grand scheme. She didn't want to sit around like a sitting duck, always waiting for Max to return. Besides, Max had never made any promises about choosing her.
If she truly cared for Max, she was willing to sprint towards his world, to bridge the gap between them at all costs, but the one thing she couldn't do was muster the strength to make
a move if he didn't care for her in return.
So long as he harbored some affection for her...
She needed a game plan.
After finishing her soup, she called up Tiffanie. Tiffanie was out in the boondocks, a place an unbridled heiress like her had never experienced before.
Tiffanie's eyes lit up when she saw Brielle's call, and she hit the answer button with enthusiasm. "Brielle, what's up? Got another thrilling task for me?"
Brielle couldn't help but smile at her friend's excitement but quickly regained composure. "Is Mason gone?"
"Mason, huh." Tiffanie glanced at the man mingling with a group of kids nearby, her heart softening just a touch. "Nope, we're down in a rural part of Beaconsfield. Let me tell you, this place is dirt-poor. Cars can't even get through. Mason wanted to hike it, but I just called in a chopper. And would you believe it, he didn't even thank me."
Tiffanie sounded a bit aggrieved. "It's not my fault I'm rich. Honestly, I get him here faster, and he distances himself from me." Chapter 335
After her little rant, she regained her composure. "So, what do you need Mason for?"
"I'm thinking of investing in his company, In my own name."
A sharp glint passed through Tiffanie's eyes. "Got it. We'll head back tonight. Want to meet up?" "Sure, I'll wait for you guys at Pearl Estate."
Tiffanie nodded, hung up the call, and looked over at Mason, who was still chatting with the modestly dressed children. Her extravagant appearance, complete with tattoos and bling, probably intimidated the local kids, as none dared to approach her.
She walked over to Mason and tapped his shoulder. "Brielle says she wants to invest in you. Your startup is just getting off the ground, right?"
Mason brushed off her hand. "Brielle?"
He stood up, his impression of Brielle bringing a sparkle to his eyes. "Investing in her personal capacity, huh."
Tiffanie's mood soured at once. "I offered to invest before, and you flat-out refused. Now Brielle wants in, and you're all starry-eyed."
Mason patted one of the kids on the head and handed over the clothes, toys, and furniture he'd bought to the village chief. "You and her... you're different."
Tiffanie crossed her arms. "What's the difference? We're both women, with two nostrils and a
mouth."
Mason gave her a look and strode back to his temporary quarters.
###Chapter 336
Chapter 336
They had been holed up in this rural escape for three days already, and everyone had figured Tiffanie, with her high-maintenance ways, wouldn't last an hour, let alone plant her roots. Yet, here she was, having chased Mason all the way from Beaconsfield, and now seemingly refusing
to leave.
It was back in Mason's senior year of high school when he followed a band of college students to teach in the countryside that he stumbled upon this place. The stark poverty had struck them all dumb; kids were studying on desks made of piled stones, trudging miles through the mountains to school in the dead of winter while their hair was dusted with frost.
Once they returned home, they all continued to donate to this place over the years. Those who earned a bit more gave a bit more, and those with less gave what they could.
Now, there was a school and a road in the area.
Mason stayed in a wooden cabin prepared by the locals, with Tiffanie's room right next door.
Tiffanie was the boldest woman he'd ever come across. Just last night, she had tried to sneak into his room, of all things. If he hadn't been too anxious to fall asleep, tossing and turning until the wee hours, she might have actually succeeded. It was ridiculous; a grown man like him was feeling like he was the belle of the ball that the town bully had taken a shine to.
As soon as he walked in, Tiffanie followed suit, smoothly shutting the door behind her and wrapping her arms around his waist from behind.
"Look here," she said, "what's not to like about me? Check out this face, this figure, this family background. Tell me, which guy wouldn't be dazzled by me?"
Mason's lips twitched as he pried her hands away, feeling his body heat up to an almost unbearable degree. Part of him was embarrassed, the other part mortified. "Can't you act a bit more like a lady?!" Instead of taking offense, Tiffanie sprawled onto the bed with a carefree chuckle. "Hah? If I were shy in the pursuit of a man, he'd definitely never be mine. Don't you get it? I'm all about taking the initiative." Mason, seeing her so casually lying on his bed, felt his ears burn hot with embarrassment. He'd met plenty of bold women, and many who'd wanted a fling with him, but he'd never felt so awkward and helpless.
Frowning, he sat down by the window and grabbed a cup of water, only to be interrupted by Tiffanie's rebellious suggestion. "Mason, how about we get hitched?"
The water went flying out of Mason's mouth as he coughed and spluttered. His cheeks blazed red, feeling like his insides were about to roast him alive.
Tiffanie raised an eyebrow, clearly amused. "What, you're so thrilled you're speechless?*
"Cough, cough." Mason kept his head down, coughing, refusing to look at her.
1/2
15:12
But Tiffanie was on a roll, leaning in close. "Don't tell me, you're still a virgin."
"Tiffanie!!" He jumped as if he had been stepped on, exploding in protest.
Her lips curved up in a satisfied smile.
Mason headed for the door, his whole body radiating heat. "Weren't we supposed to be heading back to Beaconsfield? Let's go, Brielle is waiting for us."
Tiffanie looked regretful, glancing at the bed. "Are you leaving already, Mason? Are you not up for it? I've chased you all the way here, and you do nothing and want to take me back? If others heard about this, I'd be so embarrassed, Mason!"
She followed him out only to see Mason stop abruptly, nearly colliding with his back.
Mason turned around, his gaze fixed unwaveringly on her. After a minute, he suddenly cupped her face in his hands and solemnly planted a kiss on her forehead. "Happy now?" He released her quickly, striding even faster toward the helicopter.
Tiffanie stood frozen, slowly lifting a hand to touch her forehead. Then, seeing Mason's awkward walk, she burst into laughter. "Of course, I'm happy. I've been marked by you, and now I belong to you." Mason was stepping onto the aircraft. When he heard her words, he slipped and almost fell.
###Chapter 337
Chapter 337
Tiffanie strode over, a wide grin spreading across her face as she snatched the safety helmet. and plopped herself into the driver's seat. "Hey, buckle up! We're off to see Brielle."
Mason's cheeks were still flushed, but the cool breeze wafting through the valley quickly dissipated the heat. He glanced down at the ground, now far below, and the corner of his mouth lifted ever so slightly.
It was a faint smile, but Tiffanie caught it. She chuckled along, making a mental note to tell Brielle later. After all, Tiffanie was about to snag herself a bona fide gentleman.
After hanging up with Tiffanie, Brielle told Wesley she needed to head back. Wesley wore a look. of consternation. "Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey said to walt for him here."
But Brielle shook her head. "Wesley, I'll explain it to him later, but right now, I really want to go back."
Seeing that he couldn't stop her, Wesley reluctantly arranged for someone to drive her back to Pearl Estate.
On the way, Brielle gazed blankly out the window, lost in thought. Once home, she took al moment to relax on the sofa.
After whipping up a simple snack for herself, she powered on her laptop, forcing herself to get some work done.
All told, her various cards currently held a total of around two hundred million dollars.
Mason's company was still in its infancy and not yet profitable, but this amount of funding was more than enough to get started. She rubbed her tired eyes, knowing that the company's future growth was what mattered most. She needed to draft a detailed plan.
At ten in the evening, her living room doorbell rang. When she opened the door, there stood Tiffanie and Mason.
Mason was holding a modest gift from the supermarket, while Tiffanie's hands were empty. Her smile was wide and carefree.
"Good evening, my friend! I've been up in the mountains, spreading some love by feeding the wildlife," Tiffanie declared with her usual whimsy.
As Brielle ushered them in and turned to pour some drinks, she caught Tiffanie slyly touching. the tips of Mason's fingers. Her lips twitched in amusement. Mason discreetly scooted away. creating some distance. Ever since the helicopter ride and that forehead kiss, Tiffanie had been strutting around with pride, as if she had a tail wagging to the sky.
Pretending not to notice the exchange, Brielle brought over the drinks, only to hear Tiffanie dive into gossip. "So, I heard Kenzo's in trouble. Is that true?"
15:13
Chapter 137
Brielle's grip twitched at the news. Who could have leaked that information?
Max was supposed to keep things hush-hush and prevent the news from spreading.
Settling down with a feigned calm, Brielle hid her bruises beneath her clothes. After resting earlier in the day, her energy had returned, along with her cool composure.
Tiffanie sighed dramatically. "Kenzo was one of my favorites-so gentle and talented. Such a shame. If the rumors in the circult are true, the Barnes family is going to flip, aren't they?" Brielle's heart pounded as if it were about to leap from her throat.
Sharp as ever, Tiffanie noticed her reaction. "Hey, Brielle, you don't have anything to do with Kenzo's disappearance, do you?"
Brielle hadn't intended to hide anything, so she recounted the pursuit incident from start to finish. When it came to serious matters, Tiffanie's face lost its usual mirth. "Who knew you
were with Kenzo at the time?"
Brielle shook her head. Their encounter had been by chance, and Kenzo had even kept her name a secret from Alivia, so he surely wouldn't tell a soul.
She trusted Kenzo not to do so.
But on her end...
Suddenly, it hit her-the phone call from Aubree. She realized with a jolt. Aubree knew she had
been with Kenzo.
###Chapter 338
Chapter 338
Brielle lowered her eyelashes, a gesture that Aubree, her confidant of many years, knew all too well. Aubree wasn't the type to spread rumors carelessly; Brielle's secret was safe with her. "I've only told Aubree, but I trust her completely."
Tiffanie, deep in thought, stroked her chin. "You and Aubree have known each other for ages, and she's mostly above suspicion. But if that snake Andrew is slithering around her, all bets. are off. That guy has always had it out for you."
Brielle dropped her gaze. It wasn't an impossibility, but she was confident that Aubree would have taken her concerns into account and made sure no one was around when she answered
the phone.
The mystery was too complex, and the solution eluded her. Perhaps it was time to switch topics and ask about the Mason Corporation.
Brielle turned to Mason. She lacked the courage to confront them about their true identities; it was too melodramatic, too sensational, and she was just an outsider.
Mason still had that fresh-faced college student vibe, both in appearance and demeanor. When Brielle first met him, she could've sworn he'd just left the campus gates. In any college setting. Mason would be the guy everyone fawned over.
Perhaps feeling Brielle's unabashed gaze, Tiffanie opened her arms wide, protective as a mother hen shielding her chick.
"Brielle, Mason's off the market he's mine. Stop looking at him like that. Besides, you've got Maxie. Time to rein it in."
The corner of Brielle's mouth twitched, and she caught Mason's flustered protest. "Cut it out!"
Tiffanie raised an eyebrow. "Right, I'm just talking nonsense. So that seal of approval kiss wasn't for me?"
Brielle pretended not to hear, sensing Mason was about to blush into flames. She remembered their first meeting; he'd been so composed and so unruffled, even at a bustling reunion. She never imagined Tiffanie, the wildcat, would push him to the brink like this.
Brielle cleared her throat. "Mason, I bet you've had tons of offers to invest in your company, or even buy you out completely. Why didn't you sell back then?"
Mason regained his composure, and after a brief pause, he spoke. "I'm passionate about the company I built and adore my team. When we, a group of young dreamers, hit wall after wall and returned to square one, we believed we could change the world. It wasn't just me who didn't want to sell; none of us did."
"I've never told anyone, but three months after we started, a Wall Street financier wanted to buy us out. The offer was half a billion dollars. I tossed and turned for a month, and to this day, I'm not sure if keeping the company was the right decision."
15:13
Chapter 338
That was half a billion dollars after only three months in business.
Brielle smiled slightly. "If there's a reason not to sell, it's probably because only one company ever turned down a half-billion-dollar offer in its infancy the Hartley Group." Today, the Hartley Group was a retail titan both online and off, a true global giant.
A glint of ambition shone in Mason's eyes as he chuckled. "You're right. And in the world of the internet, I aim to be the next Hartley Group."
Tiffanie leaned back, resting her chin on her hand, listening to the pair dissect potential deals. She yawned, oblivious to the fact that this evening at Pearl Estate, two enthusiastic young people might've just been laying the groundwork for an internet empire. Sadly, one couldn't foresee the future, and so the thrill of witnessing history unfold remained elusive.
After their discussion, Brielle noticed Tiffanie, curled up in a tiny bundle and dozing off in the corner. The room was chilly; they'd forgotten to turn on the heat, and were too engrossed in their conversation to notice. But Tiffanie seemed too cold to move, not bothering to ask for a blanket, possibly not wanting to interrupt Brielle's train of thought.
Feeling sleepy herself, Brielle was about to suggest that Mason and Tiffanie stay over when she saw Mason gently lift Tiffanie in his arms and nod at her, ready to leave. "Mason," Brielle called out, her heart feeling a sudden weight.
Mason was a decent person, and so was Tiffanie. Two pure souls brought together, caught in the tangle of their parents' past grievances, couldn't stay untainted forever.
###Chapter 339
Chapter 339
Mason paused mid-stride, a hint of confusion shadowing his features as he turned back. "What's up? Did we miss something important Just now?"
The two had just settled on the early size of their startup. Mason and his crew of techies hadn't quite cracked the code on monetizing their venture, but Brielle, with her finance degree, was the one who had a handle on that aspect. She had already outlined the company's trajectory for the upcoming year, and Mason had been on board with the plan.
Now, he looked perplexed.
Brielle opened her mouth, then slowly shut it again. "It's nothing. I'll transfer the funds to the company account soon."
Mason chuckled, his tone light and teasing. "Alright then, once we go public, I might just make you President."
Brielle didn't respond. Instead, she escorted them out. She hesitated multiple times, wanting to speak, but Mason, walking ahead, didn't see.
Stepping into the elevator, Mason glanced back at Brielle. "Ever since I saw you handle that meeting with the Hartley Group's CEO, I knew you were meant for big things. It's been a pleasure working together." Brielle's lips curved into a small smile as she pressed the elevator button for him. "A pleasure indeed."
As the elevator doors slid shut, Brielle was left staring at the empty hallway. Her hand massaged her temples. A headache was coming on.
Brielle still hadn't managed to voice the complexity of her relationship with Mason.
In this world, there were two types of people who were simply drawn to each other. Mason had tried to resist and reject Tiffanie, but if her influence was inevitable, then his feelings for her would eventually be either love or hate. Brielle knew this all too well, and it tormented her.
Back in her room, she felt utterly drained. She stared blankly at the ceiling, rubbing at her temples again. She was exhausted.
Grabbing the remote, she turned on the heater. As the warmth spread, her chilled limbs slowly came back to life.
It was two in the morning, and with a weary effort, she applied ointment to the cuts on her hands before falling asleep on the couch.
At six a.m., her phone rang. It was Patrick. "Ms. Brielle, Mr. Kenzo has woken up. He's hurt his leg, but it's nothing serious. The cold has slowed down the infection, and the local doctors have managed it well. We'll be heading back soon, so don't worry."
Brielle let out a relieved sigh, hearing Kenzo's voice on the other end. "Patrick, is that Brielle?"
Chapter 339
Patrick confirmed, "Yes, Ms. Brielle is quite concerned."
"Tell her I'm fine, and not to worry. This wasn't her fault."
Patrick nodded, then addressed Brielle, "Ms. Brielle, we'll be back shortly. Make sure you take care of that injury."
Rubbing her eyes, Brielle mustered her energy. "Which hospital will you be taking him to?"
There was a pause before Patrick, ever the rational one, advised, "Regardless of the hospital, it's best you don't visit. The Barnes family is already suspicious about Mr. Kenzo's injury. Rumors are flying that it's because of you. If you show up, it'll only confirm their suspicions, and they won't let you off easily."
Brielle's lips pressed together, knowing Patrick spoke the truth.
Kenzo's voice came through once more, taking over the call. His tone was still gentle. "Patrick's right, Brielle. I'll be fine. I heard you're hurt, too. Take care of yourself, and once this gossip blows over, let's grab a meal together."
"I'm so sorry, Kenzo."
His voice sharpened. "You have nothing to apologize for. It's not your fault."
Even though he said that, Brielle knew she had inadvertently put him in harm's way. Thankfully, he was alright, or she would have lived under a curse of guilt.
After the call, Brielle felt a weight lift from her chest. She even managed to make herself some
Soup.
By early evening, Patrick called again to say they were back in Beaconsfield. Brielle finally felt at ease.
As she pondered how to spend Christmas Eve, her doorbell rang. It was Aubree.
Wrapped in a scarf, Aubree marched in, unraveling it to reveal a neck covered in love bites. "Andrew made sure to mark his territory before I came over to see you."
Brielle frowned but didn't comment, she just watched as Aubree presented her with a box. "Here, a belated birthday present."
Worried it was some extravagant expense, Brielle opened the box to find a beautiful diamond and breathed a sigh of relief.
Aubree looked around the room and settled herself on the sofa. "Bri, you hung up so quickly yesterday. I only found out about Kenzo's injury today. What in the world happened?" Brielle recounted the harrowing tale of their near brush with death.
Aubree's expression darkened. "But you decided to go to the Radiant Light Church on the spur of the moment, right? I didn't tell a soul. Who could it be?"
###Chapter 340
Chapter 340
Brielle managed a wry smile, wishing she was in the know.
Aubree placed her hands on Brielle's shoulders firmly. "Is there something you're keeping from me? Bri, trust me, anything you tell me stays between us. I've never breathed a word to Andrew, I know he's not your biggest fan, but you mean so much more to me than he does."
Brielle trusted Aubree, of course, but the thought of her secret being out there still cast a shadow of worry across her face. Not knowing who the puppet master was behind the scenes made Brielle feel helpless.
Aubree had also brought over a couple of bottles of wine. "Fancy a glass tonight?"
Brielle shook her head, and just as she reached for her phone, Aubree stopped her. "You really should just chill at home for a few days, don't look at anything, don't think about anything. After such a big ordeal, it's easy to get overwhelmed."
Aubree wasn't good at lying to Brielle's face, so she spotted the fib instantly.
Aubree, uneasy, pulled back her hands and deflated into a nearby chair. "Fine, but if you go looking for news, don't say I didn't warn you. You're just asking for trouble."
It didn't take long for Brielle to understand what "asking for trouble" meant. Just half an hour before, the media had been ablaze with talk of the Barnes family and the Dorsey clan's upcoming nuptials.
The catalyst was a photo Alivia had posted on her social media. It featured two hands, side by side, each adorned with a black bead bracelet, clearly a matched set.
The caption was equally romantic.
-No longer content to watch from the shore, he's ready to dive into the waves of passion.
Comments were flooding in by the tens of thousands, all of them well-wishes.
"The couple I've been rooting for! Matching in pedigree, looks, talent, and education!"
"There really is love in high society. With their looks, their kids are going to be stunners."
"I heard Alivia's the dream girl for plenty of Beaconfield's golden boys. Who knew she'd fall head over heels just like the rest of us."
"When's the wedding? The courthouse is practically rolling out the red carpet for you two."
Aubree watched Brielle from the corner of her eye, noticing a slight tremor of Brielle's lashes as she scrolled through the messages. Suddenly feeling a pang of empathy, Aubree snatched the phone and slapped it down on the table. "Stop torturing yourself. He's just another jerk. You'll find someone way better than Max!"
Brielle's mind blanked for a second, but then she just smiled. "I'm fine."
Chapter 340
Aubree wasn't convinced. She knew Brielle had a soft spot for Max, and now that he seemed on the brink of engagement, there was no way she was just fine. She must've been too heartbroken to even realize it. "Bri, if you're hurting. Just say it."
But Brielle genuinely wasn't hurting: she just felt a bit stifled. Why would Max give Alivia such a photo op? She couldn't believe that Max would tangle with her while planning a wedding with Alivia. If their wedding were truly imminent, Max wouldn't ask Brielle to wait for his return.
She had a hunch he had something important to tell her; it was just that he had left in such a hurry that he only asked her to wait for him.
Seeing Brielle's silence, Aubree knew her friend was still heartbroken and quickly tried to console her. "There are plenty of fish in the sea. We'll just find you a new one. You're not stuck like me, Bri. You've still got a shot. And hey, you've been with Max. You didn't lose out. What does it matter if he gets engaged to Alivia? I bet they haven't even slept together!"
Brielle's cheeks flushed with embarrassment. "And how would you know that?" Max and Alivia had known each other for years; it was unlikely nothing had ever happened.
"Andrew let it slip, said you were Max's first, you know."
A sweet warmth spread through Brielle's heart, and her cheeks grew hotter. He was her first, too. Their firsts were shared, something special. She had thought Max and Alivia had done it.
If last night hadn't happened, seeing that photo would have been a blow to her heart. She would have consoled herself by thinking that so many women adored Max, and he couldn't possibly reciprocate everyone's feelings. Besides, she had been prepared to play the lone role in her unrequited drama.
Her faint stirrings of affection had never been a thunderous explosion in Max's world, at best, a quiet sob.
Brielle looked down, feeling her heart bloom with every beat. "He's probably not getting engaged."
Aubree was surprised Brielle was still defending Max at a time like this. After a moment's thought, Aubree admitted to herself that Max hadn't really done anything wrong. After all, he wasn't engaged to anyone. He hadn't let anyone down.
Chapter 341
###Chapter 341
Chapter 341
Aubree was nursing a headache. "Love," she mused, "is undoubtedly the most confounding enigma in the world." "Let's drop that topic, Bri. Come on, tell me, did you make a wish for me?"
The conversation took a lighter turn. Aubree's eyes gleamed with expectation as she intently watched Brielle's face. Brielle was in high spirits, and her smile was shining brighter than usual "Of course I did. The very first wish was for you." Aubree cheered, "That seals it. Andrew can't shake me off now."
They would be tied together for life.
"By the way, this time Andrew got me this stunning necklace, said he designed it himself, with my name and all."
Aubree cocked an eyebrow in pride, nudging Brielle's shoulder. "I'll bring it over for you to see sometime."
Brielle didn't want to dampen Aubree's spirits, so she played along. "Sure thing."
They sat in the living room, gossiping about the latest scandals in Beaconsfield before dozing off, leaning against each other.
Meanwhile, the online world continued its relentless churn. Alivia's post was laden with insinuations, just short of a public declaration that she and Max were an item. Anyone would take it for a public display of affection.
But at that moment, Max was slumped on a couch in a hospital ward. His neck was treated with ointment for several scratch marks. He hadn't slept for days, and now that the patient. was finally stable, he succumbed to sleep on the sofa.
The patient had always been dependent on Alivia, so Alivia was allowed to stay in the room.
On the other side was a large bed with a woman lying on it, weak and sedated, now fast asleep. Just two hours earlier, her hysteria had peaked, and her sharp nails had slashed across Max's neck as he fed her soup.
Her tirade in the ward had been manic, until the doctor swiftly administered a sedative and discussed further treatment plans with Max before treating his neck wounds.
The woman's nails had been unforgiving; the three bloody scratches were visible, extending from his shirt collar up to his jaw, even with the top button done up.
"Max, you've had your medicine. Try to get some rest," the doctor had urged.
The sedative in Max's medication, combined with his lack of sleep both at home and abroad, and now with the sleep-inducing drugs he had taken, allowed him to drift off on the couch. Chapter 341
Alivia watched him, her eyes filled with obsession and resentment. When the doctor treated. Max, Alivia had seen the bite mark. It was like a thorn piercing her heart, bleeding her dry. Another woman had left it, and to be in such a place, It had to be someone close. Who could it
be?
She trembled with rage, exerting great effort to keep from lashing out. She had so many questions, yet she bottled them up.
Seeing him asleep, she longed to draw near. Alivia knew he was sensitive and dared not get too close. Even in this state, the moment she approached, Max would instantly wake up. So she stayed a meter away, finding an angle to take a photo that made their hands appear together.
In reality, there was about half a meter between their hands, but the angle made it seem ast though they were intimately placed side by side.
Pleased with the photo, Alivia promptly uploaded it to her social media account. After knowing him for so many years, she could only afford such minor gestures behind his back.
That woman back home brazenly left such marks on his neck for all to see. What a harlot. flaunting it in such a conspicuous place. Was the woman showing off?
Alivia was livid, her face ashen, yet she suppressed her emotions. She still had a chance.
Every time Martha had an episode, Max would rush back, and these were the rare moments they spent together. All her efforts over the years to cultivate a relationship with Martha were not in vain. Martha was Max's birth mother, and among the Dorsey siblings, only Victoria and Max shared the same mother. But Max and Victoria were distant. Max always preferred to read quietly for days on end, secluded in his room.
Max felt that uncomfortable gaze, and his brow furrowed, and he slowly opened his eyes.
Alivia hastily tucked her phone away at the sight. "Max, you're awake. Do you want to sleep some more?"
Max had only slept for two hours and still looked weary. He glanced at his mum lying on the bed, slowly got up, and drew open the curtains.
The facility was a three-story sanatorium, dedicated entirely to Martha's care. So, Max never worried about Martha's basic needs. But Martha's condition was deteriorating with each episode. What could be the cause?
Chapter 342
###Chapter 342
Chapter 342
Alivia watched his retreating figure, a hint of infatuation flickering in her eyes.
She had met plenty of men, each like a firework at her fingertips, bright for a moment before fading into dull ash. But Max was different, a constant presence in her life, like the North Star, illuminating her entire existence. No matter who the other woman was, Alivia was determined to eliminate her competition.
A sharp glint crossed her gaze.
Raised as an elite lady of high society, she had been groomed for greatness from a young age. Upon reaching an age of awareness, she began to scout for a suitable future husband.
It was at one of those high-society parties that she first laid eyes on Max. Even then, he possessed an aura of unapproachability, standing stoically beside Michael.
Pride emanated from Michael as he proclaimed to everyone that this boy was the chosen heir to the Dorsey family legacy. Immediately, the atmosphere thickened with significant glances. Alivia even thought she saw a few glares, sharp enough to cut.
Max, the youngest son of Michael and Martha, had nearly cost his mother her life at birth. And indeed, he had shown extraordinary abilities from an early age. Yet, he was only ten when Michael announced him as the next heir. Facing siblings nearly two decades his senior, how did he survive the conspiracies that surely followed?
Nobody knew how many assassination attempts Max had endured. To the adults, a ten-year-old child was like a fish on a chopping board.
Alivia etched that face in her memory.
It was only after eavesdropping on the grown-ups at home that she understood Michael's intentions. The heir of the Dorsey family had to pass through trials by fire. Leaking the news early was a test for Max.
If he lived to adulthood, the title would be his. If he died, he would simply be a stepping stone for someone else's success. This was Michael's philosophy of leadership.
A successful person was often built upon a mound of defeated adversaries.
Alivia quelled the surge of emotion in her chest, softening her tone. "Max, you've barely rested two hours. Aunt Martha's condition needs further observation. Why don't you rest a bit more?" "Alivia, thank you."
A ring of red marks marred Alivia's neck, remnants of Martha's ruthless attack. Had it not been for timely intervention, Alivia might have been seriously hurt. But she shrugged off the incident. If sacrificing her life was the price for a chance with Max, she would pay it without hesitation.
No one knew the depth of her obsession with Max, even if it meant becoming a demon herself.
hapter
"I'm okay. But are we sure about using this new medication? It's only been in research for two years. Though it can suppress Aunt Martha's condition, there are potential side effects."
If Martha's condition were merely madness, It would be manageable. But in her frenzied states, she would lash out at anyone nearby, and in their absence, she would turn on herself. This was the extreme manifestation of bipolar and depressive disorders. Martha had even bitten her own arteries in an attempt to sever them.
Martha was a danger to others and herself. Without a better option, Max would never consider such medication. But if they did nothing, Martha would never regain her sanity and remain at beast capable of attack.
He had made his decision and nodded in agreement.
Alivia sighed, her eyes filled with compassion. "Remember how Aunt Martha used to make us croquettes and those sweet buns? She was so precise and tried to teach me, but I never got the hang of it." Martha's decline had accelerated after the announcement of Max as the heir. Before that, she had always been a devoted mother, albeit one who cried too often, which drove Max toward finding solace in complex literature.
"Max, sometimes I wonder if Aunt Martha's worsening condition is because she misses her family abroad. Maybe we should consider transferring her to a sanatorium back home?"
The deeper Alivia's bond with Martha, the stronger her connection with Max would become. Martha trusted Alivia implicitly and couldn't bear to be apart.
Alivia had noticed that Max's only moments of vulnerability were in the presence of his mother. By securing Martha, she would secure Max.
###Chapter 343
Chapter 343
Max had never considered the possibility, primarily because Martha's troubles had begun back home, within the borders of their own country.
The closer he got to the Dorsey family, the closer he inched toward trouble. It was a certainty that someone would try to leverage Martha's situation to manipulate him. He would not stand
for it.
"Max, Aunt Martha surely wants to see you all the time, and it's more convenient back home," Alivia suggested, her shrewd intentions hidden beneath layers of concern as she pressed on. Max turned, casting a glance at his mother lying quietly on the bed before letting out a soft sigh. "We'll see."
If it were indeed being isolated in a foreign land, without familiar faces to care for her, that had exacerbated the situation, he would consider bringing Martha back.
A flicker of excitement passed through Alivia's eyes, and her lips curved into a subtle smile. She had tried to influence Max indirectly over the years, but he had never wavered. Perhaps the severity of the current situation was finally making him reconsider.
Max bowed his head, absent-mindedly touching the bracelet on his wrist. Noticing his action, Alivia felt a surge of warmth, and her attention sharpened as he asked her, "Alivia, are you not planning to stay at the overseas research institute anymore?"
Alivia was a clever woman. She had joined the institute partly because it was close to Martha's nursing home and partly for the prestige.
Admission to the institute was a badge of honor; among her peers in Beaconsfield, she was the only one to have received an invitation. This distinction made her the of widespread envy. Naturally, being in such a prestigious place also meant expanding her network significantly.
By now, her connections were vast enough. It was time to return and get engaged to Max and, incidentally, deal with the woman lurking in the shadows.
"Mm, I've applied to study back home, and my mentor has agreed. We'll be establishing a branch there, and I'll be the head," she said with a note of pride. Her mentor was a titan in the field, revered by many. Max's expression softened slightly. "That's good. Your mom probably wants you back, too." His tone was indifferent, showing no particular reaction to Alivia's decision to stay back home.
Alivia felt a twinge of disappointment but knew this was just Max being Max.
Max's gaze drifted out to the scenery, settling on a cluster of blue flowers. They were irises; their petals were shaped like the tail feathers of a bird. He chuckled softly, a rare warmth touching his usually cold demeanor.
Alivia had never seen Max like this. He was always the distant enigma, but today, he seemed
1/2
15:14
Chapter 3443
almost earthly.
Was it the view that captivated him? Nature did have a way of soothing the soul.
Unaware of Alivia's observation. Max was still looking at the irises.
Time for him was a straight line, ang he was too focused to be concerned with anything outside of it. Yet the sight of those flowers seemed to slow everything down. Blue irises were a symbol of hope and a passion that was fragile and fleeting.
"Cough, cough."
A cough from the bed snapped him back to reality. Martha's eyes fluttered open. Recognizing the familiar ceiling, she knew she had suffered another episode. "Max," she called out weakly. trying to sit up but finding no strength.
Max approached, his face softening, though his aura remained chilly. "Mother."
Martha's eyes trembled, and tears fell instantly.
Max frowned and sat beside her. "You wanted to say something?" His words lacked warmth. yet they carried a different tone from how he addressed others.
"Max, I don't think I have much time left. The only thing I'm worried about is you...
"They're all out to get you, Max. You have to protect yourself. You must marry someone who can support you in your ambitions. Alivia is perfect; her family is a match for ours, and she's kind-hearted." Martha struggled to breathe after every few words. "You must survive; you have to live."
Max's frown deepened, and after a long pause, he finally asked, "Do you want to go back home?"
Martha's eyes flickered, and then she quickly drew her legs in. Her face was clouded with fear. "No, I won't go back, there are ghosts... The Dorsey family is haunted, Max. You must survive and take control of the Dorsey family."
###Chapter 344
Chapter 344
Martha's emotions surged again, and she threw back the covers, poised to leap out of bed. Max. held her firmly in place and pressed the call bell beside the bed.
The doctor hurried in with a sedative and administered a shot.
Max looked at his gaunt mother, his face betraying little emotion. Only after the sedative had taken effect did he turn to the doctor. "When do we start with the new medication?"
"In three days at the latest. For now, we have to rely on sedatives to keep her under control. When she gets agitated, she becomes aggressive and hostile to everything around her. This isn't just a simple case of mental illness. Maybe we should try to find the root cause."
What was the root cause? Max racked his brain. Martha's moods had always been volatile, but what could be the trigger? The Dorsey family had skeletons in their closet, but which one was coming back to haunt them now?
He frowned, and his hand automatically moved to massage his temple.
The doctor gestured upstairs. "Max, you should get some rest, too. Dinner will be prepared downstairs later, and I'll come up to get you."
He nodded and then glanced at Alivia.
Of course, Alivia wanted to stay, but before she could voice her desire, Max asked, "Are there other rooms.on the ground floor?" He didn't even want her on the same floor as him.
A shadow crossed Alivia's eyes. Her resentment grew for whoever had managed to leave such an intimate mark on Max. Her chest trembled with suppressed emotion, and her hand clenched slowly, yet her voice remained steady. "Yes, there is one next to Auntie Martha's. I'll go and rest then, Max."
Alivia retreated to her room, taking deep breaths to compose herself. She perched by the window, her brows furrowed in thought.
Max had always been distant with her, but she never minded. She wanted Max, If Max returned her affections, all would be well. But if his heart lay elsewhere, it didn't matter. As long as she tied him to her, there would be ample time to erase the marks left by other women.
This was the worst-case scenario. A scenario Alivia had never even considered. In her mind, Max was incapable of love.
When she used to visit Martha, she'd heard stories about Max's childhood, how he rarely smiled, how he might have starved in the attic had no one brought him breakfast. Once, due to a servant's negligence, Max went without food for two days and lost a significant amount of weight. Martha had thought her son was simple-minded until she realized he simply lacked certain emotions.
Hearing these stories, Alivia felt they were beyond her comprehension. What kind of child didn't cry out when hungry? Was he really prepared to starve in the attic?
1/2
15:14
Chapter 344
It was terrifying. How could a man who could be so indifferent to himself, ever show warmth to others? So, she believed Max was incapable of love.
But if that were true, how could he let someone else leave such a mark?
That bite mark would haunt Alivia's nightmares. She was desperate to return home to Investigate, but she couldn't afford for anything to happen to her anchor, Martha.
Having calmed her nerves, Alivia gazed out the window at the garden, designed by a renowned landscape architect. The sight was genuinely soothing.
Her eyes landed on some purple flowers - irises. Her expression darkened, a flash of malice in her eyes. She hoped it wasn't what she thought.
Pulling out her phone, she hesitated, then dialed Spencer. She knew Spencer well because they grew up in the same circles.
These days, Spencer was consumed with finding evidence of Brielle and Max's secret encounters. He didn't care about anything else. The suspicion gnawed at him, a pain that throbbed relentlessly. He needed answers to either confirm or dispel his hunch.
After a fire at Brielle's apartment building, all the residents had relocated. Spencer had asked around, and thanks to connections through Ryan, he was at yet another temporary housing unit. His eyes were red with a predatory glare.
Before stepping in, he called Brielle, even though it was approaching eight in the evening. The time difference meant his call coincided with Alivia's. He had no intention of answering Alivia's call anyway. As if under a spell, he waited for Brielle to pick up.
Brielle had spent the day at home. Seeing Spencer's call, her brows knitted together. What was he up to now? She hit the decline button.
Spencer's message came through immediately. [Brielle, this is your last chance to come clean
withstand my retaliation.]
with me. If I find out myself, you won't be able to
Madman.
Brielle regretted removing him from the blacklist, yet she was curious about what Spencer could possibly stir up.
###Chapter 345
Chapter 345
Spencer knew Brielle wouldn't respond, just as she hadn't when he'd sent a similar message earlier that morning on his way to the temporary housing unit. Every time he stepped into one of those units, he felt as if he was on the brink of uncovering the truth.
His blood boiled with both excitement and resentment.
If it was true.
If it was true, he'd make damn sure to pay back in spades!
Only a handful of families had been relocated to this particular floor from the building that had burned. Standing in front of one of the doors, Spencer pulled out the photograph he'd come prepared with.. "Excuse me, had you seen this man around the apartment complex before the fire?" he asked, showing the woman a sneakily snapped picture of Max.
The angle wasn't great, but Max's face was still flawlessly handsome.
The woman, in her thirties, shook her head. "No, haven't seen him.
Spencer got a bit frantic, his voice rising unintentionally. "Could you please think again?"
The woman chuckled, "Honey, I really haven't. If I'd seen a face like that, trust me, I wouldn't forget it. When you pulled out that photo, I thought he was a movie star or something. Nope, movie stars don't even come close to this guy."
Spencer's face darkened, feeling a pang of humiliation. If Brielle's beauty could spark envy among women, Max's looks were enough to make any man insecure. And what pissed Spencer off the most was that looks were the least impressive of Max's many attributes.
Spencer's clenched hand trembled with rage, as he snatched back the photo and knocked on another door, but after nearly canvassing the entire floor, no one had seen Max's face. He'd been to countless places over the past few days, and this was the last stop.
The torched apartment complex had housed a diverse group of residents and was old and rundown, with hardly any places to hide. If Max had visited, his presence would have certainly drawn attention. But no one had seen him!
Was his gut feeling wrong?
This realization brought a sense of relief to Spencer, but with it, his eyes reddened.
Thank goodness Brielle had the sense not to get involved with Max. The mere thought made him feel queasy.
His fiancée rolling in the hay with his uncle - how could that not be sickening?
1/3
15:14
Chapter 345
Spencer exhaled deeply.
Having checked the last few places, it seemed pointless to continue the investigation. He chuckled at his own paranoia. How could he have suspected Max of getting involved with Brielle? Sure, Brielle had some talents, but after all Max had been through, why would he settle for her?
Max did admire Brielle, but that was because she truly had the chops, right?
Spencer breathed a sigh of relief and shot Brielle another message. [Lucky, you played it smart.]
Brielle was lounging on the couch when she received the text.
Patrick's words had resonated with her; she hadn't visited Kenzo but had sent some fruit and flowers through Tiffanie, choosing to rest at home instead.
Seeing Spencer's message, she scoffed with irony. It seemed he hadn't found a shred of evidence. She didn't reply. Instead, she picked up her laptop to work on some documents. She should be able to return to Dorsey International tomorrow.
Scrolling down, she noticed an email from the HR department. It was about Spencer's employment approval.
Brielle thought she had misread. Did Spencer's employment really need approval? She dialed the HR director.
The HR director sat upright in his Dorsey Tower office the moment he saw Brielle's incoming call, mustering all his attention. "Ms. Brielle, hello."
Brielle hadn't worked directly with the director but was familiar with the office gossip that he was a bit difficult. Yet, he seemed almost overly gentle with her.
A man with foresight, the HR director knew that even though the CEO had seemingly dumped Brielle, he also remembered how the CEO had removed Brielle's crutch for her during the elevator incident.
Men could be fickle, decide to break up in anger, and perhaps later decide they still have a taste for the past.
So, Alivia would be the future Mrs. CEO, and she couldn't be offended. Brielle was the one who could bring the CEO down from his pedestal. She was also not to be trifled with.
"Ms. Haywood, are you referring to Spencer's employment application? As per the rules, you also have the right to vote."
Brielle found it amusing. It hadn't been long since Spencer had wanted her out, and now, his employment was subject to her vote. What skills did Spencer have?
She pondered without bias but couldn't think of any noteworthy talent except, perhaps, his
arrogance.
Chapter 345
"So, I can cast a dissenting vote?"
"Absolutely."
3/3
###Chapter 346
Chapter 346
Upon hearing the words, Brielle couldn't help but laugh. "Alright, got it," she said, with a casual and friendly tone. After hanging up the phone, she voted a firm 'no' in her mind.
Did Spencer think he could waltz back into the company and ruffle her feathers? In his dreams.
The following morning, Brielle finally made her way to the office. As she entered her department, she felt the weight of her colleagues' gazes upon her. Sensing her attention, they quickly diverted their eyes and returned to their work in silence.
Brielle's brow furrowed slightly.
She settled into her chair and booted up her computer, noticing a flood of emails. Most were from her department, but one caught her eye-it was from Max. The email was several days old, sent during her hospital stay, and thus unseen until now. It was a formal email strictly about business. She pondered for a moment before replying with a succinct "Received."
As soon as she sent it, she regretted it. Surely, the department had already dealt with the matter. Replying now seemed a bit personal, as if she were looking for a reason to connect with him.
Why not just reach out to him openly if she wanted to talk? It would also be a chance to clear the air about the other night. Just the thought brought a flush to her cheeks.
She hurried to retract the email but before she could do so, Max replied with a new message.
[Received what?]
Heat crept up Brielle's face. She needed to keep her cool.
[Sorry, I didn't realize the work email was from a few days ago. My apologies for the disturbance.]
[Apologies?] Max's response seemed tinged with emotion.
Their conversation was as cold as ice, a stark contrast to the heated kiss they had shared not long ago. Separated by screens, neither could guess the other's expression. Max stared at the email for a few minutes before closing his laptop. His chest felt tight. He missed the way Brielle had kissed him tenderly in bed.
Behind him, Martha was being fed soup by a caregiver at the nursing home.
The caregiver offered Max a bowl, too, her demeanor shy and bashful around him. However, Max's attention was fixed on his computer, not sparing her a glance.
Unable to resist a comment, the caregiver said, "Ma'am, your son is such a workaholic. He needs to take care of himself. Overworking at his age can lead to health issues later on."
Martha paused before looking at Max with concern. "Max, don't forget to get a check-up every year."
Chapter 346
The caregiver's eyes lit up at the mention of a check-up. It was an opportunity for closer interaction with Max. "The nursing home has all the facilities for a thorough check-up. We have top-notch doctors on call, knowing your son is the cream of the crop. A simple check-up will be no trouble at all."
Martha smiled with pride. "Max is indeed outstanding. I just wish he'd settle down and give me a grandchild. I don't have many years left, and I'd love to hold a chubby little one in my arms."
Unmarried?
The caregiver had assumed the woman who visited earlier was Max's wife. A hint of elation crossed her face as she encouraged Max to get the check-up. "It's always better to be safe. Some conditions can go undetected for a long time."
Martha agreed. Turning to Max, she began, "Max, maybe you should-"
Before she could finish, there was a knock at the door. Max's primary doctor had arrived. Leaving his phone and laptop behind, Max stepped out to speak with the doctor.
"Max, the specialists have decided to start the treatment the day after tomorrow. We'll prepare nutritional meals for her to build her strength. And regarding her phobia, it's important to investigate. If she continues to resist treatment, even the new medication won't be effective for long."
Max nodded and asked a few more questions. Meanwhile, his phone began to ring-it was Brielle calling.
Brielle had been hesitant about making the call, but now it seemed urgent. Today was her first day back at work after her leave, and with Max and Patrick absent, she'd learned that the Book investment project had been handed over to William.
William had already snagged the small Kingston Enterprises project, and now he was poaching the major book project. Brielle wondered if Max was even aware.
Feeling anxious, she feared William had ulterior motives, but as soon as the call connected, a perky female voice came through the other end.
"Hello, are you looking for Max?"
Brielle felt a chill run through her. The woman continued, "He's busy right now, but if you have a message, you can tell me."
"I'll make sure Max gets it later."
###Chapter 347
Chapter 347
The carer deliberately slowed her speech, making it sound a tad syrupy.
Brielle's momentarily stalled brain clicked into gear. "I'm Mr. Dorsey's employee. I need to discuss something with him."
"Oh, is that so?"
A flicker of disdain passed through the carer's eyes. Was this one of those assistants who used the guise of reporting to Mr. Dorsey as a ploy to flirt? And with that pleasing voice, the possibility seemed even more likely.
"Max is aware of the situation already." she stated dismissively and hung up, placing Max's phone back in its spot.
No sooner had she done this than the door swung open, and Max stood in the doorway, his gaze turning icy and piercing. "What are you doing at my desk?"
His computer had a privacy screen, and all the folders were locked. There had been attempts to steal company secrets before, but none had succeeded. So the instant he saw someone near his computer, he was on alert.
The carer's cheeks flushed instantly. "Max, about the health checkup I mentioned..."
Her shy and coy demeanor did nothing to stir Max; instead, he addressed someone behind him, "Get someone else to take care of my mother, she's too noisy."
The carer's face froze, thinking she must have misheard. She was attractive, and whether at work or out and about, men often ogled her figure. But Max had never given her a second glance, and even labeled her intentionally soft tone as 'noisy."
Her face turned crimson, a sense of defeat like she had never felt before washing over her.
Max approached, frowning as her perfume assailed his nostrils. Just as he reached for his phone, his fingers paused. "Did you touch my phone?" He always placed his phone about six inches from the edge of the desk, but now it seemed closer to eight.
The carer's face grew even more uncomfortable. Hadn't she placed it exactly where it was before? And surely Max hadn't had time to check the surveillance footage. She had even gone. as far as to delete the call log. How could he know?
Her heart pounded erratically, but she feigned innocence. "I didn't."
Martha was sound asleep; her mental state hadn't been great, and a sedative meant not even thunder could wake her, leaving her unable to corroborate any story.
Max's expression turned to stone, his aura sharp as a knife's edge.
The carer's eyes darted about as she slowly began to peel off her clothes. "Max, I've fancied you from the moment I first saw you."
15:14
Chapter 347
Before she could react, Max whipped out a handkerchief, which he swiftly tied around her wrists. With a firm tug, she was pulled out of the room. She didn't land on her feet, her clothes were disheveled, and she found herself sitting on the floor.
The door slammed shut with a loud "bang."
The carer clutched her blouse, and her face turned pale. She heard the click of high heels approaching. Shortly after, Alivia, a woman she often saw around, appeared before her.
Just by looking at the carer's disarray, Alivia knew what had gone down. Alivia's eyes were ruthless as her heel bore down onto the carer's hand.
The woman nearly screamed from the pain but heard Alivia's cold voice, "Make a sound, and I'll ruin that pretty face of yours."
The last bit of color drained from the carer's face as she trembled, silent.
Alivia leaned in, her gaze fleetingly cold as she smirked. "Coveting what belongs to others is punishable. Now scram."
Tears streamed down the carer's cheeks as she clutched her blouse, attempting to stand. But Alivia sneered, "I said strip and get out of here."
"Ms. Alivia, I... I'm sorry." She knew of Alivia's renown; everyone at the sanitarium treated her with the utmost respect, and her research institute held a global standing.
"I won't repeat myself." Alivia was never lenient with those who eyed her possessions.
The carer sobbed once, shamefully undressing before leaving.
Disgust flickered in Alivia's eyes. She thought of the woman's audacity to get close to Max and scoffed at her lack of self-awareness.
As she cracked the door slightly, she heard Max's voice, softer than she had ever heard it. "Brielle, did you call?"
###Chapter 348
Chapter 348
Max guessed it. He had assumed that the female employee was after company data, but as he watched her shed her clothes, it dawned on him that she was pursuing a different kind of relationship altogether. A wave of revulsion surged through him.
There was disinfectant in the room, and he doused his phone in it repeatedly, gingerly holding it in his palm afterward. Still, there was a hint of reluctance in his heart. That carer had definitely touched his phone and even answered his calls.
He checked the call log. It was clean-conversations with some executives at Dorsey International and then with business partners.
If any of those people had called, the female employee wouldn't have dared to delete it. But since she did, it meant the caller was a woman.
Which woman would call him? Only Brielle.
His private number was a closely guarded secret, and as for Aubree, he dismissed her instantly, not even considering her as a woman.
Max analyzed the situation briefly and made the call. It took a full minute for the call to be picked up on the other end.
By then, Brielle had composed herself enough to remain calm. So when Max asked, she nodded, then realizing he couldn't see her, she quickly spoke up. "Yes, Mr. Dorsey, I came into work today and found out that the book project was handed over to William. Why
Dorsey International was set to invest two billion in the project. Although she and Max had been skeptical at first, the book had made some concessions, prompting Dorsey International to take on the project. Logically, with Alivia's involvement, Max, as the CEO, should have been approving every stage. of the project. Now, it seemed he was completely out of the loop-even the approvals hadn't gone through him. What was going on?
"Are you aware of this, Mr. Dorsey? If William has bypassed you, that means he's-"
She was cut off mid-sentence by Max. "Is your injury healed?"
His tone was soft, so tender it felt like it could drip through the phone. Across the miles and through the wires, his words pierced Brielle's heart. It was a mixture of pain, and sweetness.
Max had always had this unreasonable way of invading one's heart. She fell silent, waiting for her rapidly beating heart to settle. It was like an arrow shot across mountains and rivers, always finding its target in the person whose heart fluttered.
Max, however, didn't give her time to respond. "What wishes did you make at Radiant Light Church?"
Why did he even need to ask that?
Brielle bit het ling her delicate flesh was caught between her teeth as if she might draw blood. She hated how vulnerable she felt. She was like a fish gasping for breath on a cutting board, surviving only on the occasional droplets of water Max spared her. In the moments he withheld, she lay there, gasping, staring at the sky.
The feeling of being out of control or of placing one's hope in someone else was truly dreadful.
"Just a few simple wishes." She deliberately cooled her tone, but then she heard Max chuckle softly on the other end.
"You have every right to be angry. I broke our appointment and haven't had the chance to apologize."
Brielle's eyes welled up instantly, reminded of the sunset she'd seen on her way to Radiant Light Church. If only the person who had made promises to her had been there to see that brilliant sunset with her. But some moments, once missed, were gone forever.
Even if there were more beautiful sunsets in the future, they would never be like that one. Such a sense of loss would stick like a thorn in one's heart.
But on the night Max left the country, they made love.
In truth, she had regrets because Max was the most rational person she'd ever met. He was always able to control his emotions with ease. He could have anyone he wanted, and if he chose to leave, he could do so without a second thought.
They had just broken up, yet they had immediately shared an intimate moment.
She could still feel the warmth he left on her skin.
Scorching.
Burning hot.
###Chapter 349
Chapter 349
"Mr. Dorsey, what I'm talking about here is strictly business-the Book project is no small feat." "Brielle. I really don't feel like talking shop right now." His tone was casual, and his presence emanated a gentle coolness that seemed almost out of place for a man who'd just shown such repulsion to the advances of an undoubtedly attractive woman.
Brielle fell silent. Her experience in matters of the heart was scant. Beyond traveling over hills and across streams to follow her desires, she knew nothing of love's games, content instead to wait awkwardly for her beloved's return.
This was Brielle in her most raw and precious form.
His voice continued to reach her ears, "Haven't you missed me?"
Brielle's lips pressed tighter, her heart pounding a wild rhythm. She was no match for Max. If Max decided to use his charm, no woman could escape.
Tears welled in her eyes as if she had been hurt.
Despite his hot-and-cold demeanor and despite the lack of promises, which included a featherlight assurance - wait for his return, she wanted to believe, to love with fervor.
Human greed could be quite endearing at times. Faced with feelings of affection, it was innate to become a gambler. Everyone hopes for that stroke of luck to hit them-just one gamble, just
once.
"Yeah, a little."
"Only a little, Brielle?"
Max chuckled softly on the other end, gazing out at the few irises blooming outside his window. He seemed to feel more than 'just a little.'
"When will you return, Mr. Dorsey?" To clarify everything...
A flicker of amusement crossed Max's eyes, but before he could speak, a commotion arose at the door. It was Alivia, her arms full of a lunchbox that now spilled its contents chaotically across the floor. His brow furrowed in annoyance.
Horror painted Alivia's face as she struggled with disbelief. Max was using such a tender tone with someone else. Max could be sweet, laugh, and be as careful and hopeful as any ordinary man in love. Alivia's features twisted in a fury, her head bowed to hide the storm raging across her face.
The hatred was palpable. Brielle-was it Brielle who had stolen what she loved most? Was Max's smile for the irises, or was it for Brielle?
15:15
Chapter 349
Alivia's beloved deity seemed to have descended among the common folk, and for that, she was unforgiving.
Alivia's chest heaved with suppressed rage, yet when she lifted her head, her face was alight with a radiant smile. “"Clumsy me, I just got a bit shaky, Max. Are you on the phone?*
Max, interrupted at a crucial moment, felt a noticeable Irritation. As his gaze met Alivia's, all warmth withdrew, replaced by the detachment of a machine.
Behold, the stark contrast between affection and Indifference.
Alivia seethed internally, her surface smile belying the tempest within. "I made some soup for Martha. The doctor did say we should nourish her well, didn't he? I've been out since dawn gathering the ingredients."
Max didn't respond to her. Instead, he quietly told Brielle, "I'll talk to you when I get back." He didn't want Brielle to be exposed to Alivia.
After hanging up, he frowned in confusion. "We have top chefs here."
He couldn't grasp why anyone would engage in tasks outside their expertise. What was this thing called 'human touch?"
To anyone but Brielle, Max seemed to lack certain emotional circuits because his words spared no one's feelings. Although Alivia maintained her composure, Max's comment wounded her.
Earning Max's favor was a challenge. His brain was always engaged in rational analysis, making judgments on the viability of every action.
With top chefs and ingredients available at the sanatorium, why bother making soup herself? He didn't understand, nor could he feel moved. From his perspective, the gesture was simply incomprehensible. "Alivia, let the professionals handle their work."
Another cutting remark.
Alivia's hatred grew wild inside, wishing she could fly back home and tear Brielle to pieces.
How could Brielle deserve his love!
Chapter 350
###Chapter 350
Chapter 350
But all the madness was cloaked beneath a calm exterior. She moved towards the bed where Martha lay sleeping, and in a corner where Max couldn't see, a resentful curl touched her lips.
"Hmm, I get it. It's just tough seeing Aunt Martha like this, you know? Always makes me wanna do something for her."
Max's chill seemed to dissipate a bit. "Alivia, I really appreciate you taking the time to visit my mom. Whether it's cash or getting Dorsey International to invest in the research institute, I can make it happen for you."
That was what they had agreed upon from the start, and he had provided Alivia with a card in the past.
What mattered most was that Max had made it crystal clear years ago-if he happened to meet someone he liked, he was going to marry that person. So, he didn't need anyone waiting for him. Everyone was an independent entity in this world. There was no need to waste time on someone else.
Alivia's hand, hanging by her side, slowly clenched into a fist. Her nails dug into her palm. Before, she would have agreed without hesitation because she was confident that Max would never meet anyone he liked.
But reality had hit her hard. She would have to go back to the States and see for herself who this Brielle was that had ensnared Max!
"I know, Max. Don't feel burdened. I visit Aunt Martha because she was always good to me, and you can't let go of her, can you? If you do find someone in the future, I'll just be happy for you. But I hope that doesn't mean you'll drift away from me. After all, we grew up together, didn't
we?"
She played the sentiment card first, to bridge the gap between them.
Max wouldn't speak too harshly, whether it was for the years of acquaintance or her care for Martha, even considering Kenzo's sake. As long as she could be by his side, even just as a friend, there would be opportunities in the future. Her presence would always be a threat to Brielle. The thought of Brielle defeating her was simply ludicrous.
After quickly weighing the pros and cons, Alivia's eyes settled into a detached calm. "Max, have you met someone you like?"
Max's expression softened in an instant, and he looked down with a gentle laugh. "I suppose
50."
Alivia tasted bitterness, but thankfully, he had said "I suppose" and not "definitely." Considering the obstacles lying between him and Brielle, their path wouldn't be easy. But if Max were with Alivia, it wouldn't be so difficult. Everyone would bless their union. Even Michael couldn't wait
1545
Chapter 350
for them to tie the knot.
A cold sneer flickered through Alivia's eyes. The whole world seemed to be against Max and Brielle being together, yet it was rooting for Allvia and Max. No matter how capable Brielle was. how could she fight against so many? Moreover, Max's feelings for Alivia were still unclear even to himself.
With this in mind, Alivia felt increasingly confident. She slowly unclenched her fist, the bloody marks marred her palm.
"Once you're sure, you've gotta tell me, Max. Our relationship is special. Our families have been close for generations. I haven't married, and people think I'm waiting for you. But we're both clear-headed. The most suitable person for you to marry is me, and vice versa. Even if we meet others we like, it won't affect our friendship, right?"
No matter what, she wasn't going to be left behind.
Now that Alivia had positioned herself advantageously, if Max and Brielle ever did come out as a couple and Brielle took issue with Alivia's presence, then Brielle would seem petty and small-minded. By then, a host of people would be up in arms defending Alivia. After all, compared to the time Alivia had known Max, Brielle was, at best, just a passing fancy.
Having analyzed all this, Alivia took a moist towelette and gently wiped Martha's palm. "But Max, let's not tell Aunt Martha until you're sure about your feelings. She's always hoped we'd end up together. Hearing another woman's name out of the blue would disappoint her. Don't worry, I'll keep your secret."
Indeed, Alivia's words scored major points with Max. From Max's perspective, this was the Alivia he knew, the girl raised with the best of everything since childhood.
###Chapter 351
Chapter 351
"Alivia, thank you."
Max's chill seemed to fade a bit as he stepped out to discuss the potential side effects of the new medication with the doctor.
Once he was gone. Alivia's eyes brimmed with venom, her grip tightening on Martha's hand until it reddened.
Martha slowly opened her eyes and, seeing Alivia distressed, couldn't help but reach out, "Alivia, what's wrong?"
Quickly dabbing at her teary eyes, Alivia apologized, "I'm sorry, Aunt Martha. Did I hurt you? I was just lost in thought."
"Did Max give you a hard time?"
"No, Max would never do that to me."
"Then someone must have come into Max's life, someone who's making you unhappy?"
Martha was a sharp woman when lucid and had hit the nail on the head. Alivia fell silent, letting her gaze drop. "Aunt Martha, you just focus on getting better. Don't worry about anything else." Martha's moments of clarity were few. Now, she stared at the ceiling. "I heard they're trying a new drug on me. It's supposed to give me more lucid time, but with side effects. After I start the treatment, I'll be moved to a care facility back home. Alivia, you're the daughter-in-law I've chosen for Max. Only when you two are married will I rest in peace."
A flicker of amusement crossed Alivia's eyes. "Aunt Martha, concentrate on your health. Don't fret over our relationship."
Martha's gaze was steely. "As for other women, I won't allow them anywhere near Max."
This was what Alivia wanted. She couldn't control Max, but she could easily manage the people around him.
With the new drug. Martha would likely spend a couple of months in recovery. By the time she returned to Beaconsfield, things would certainly heat up.
"Aunt Martha, I'll keep an eye on Max for you, but please, don't mention any of this in front of him, okay?"
Martha closed her eyes, already weary from the brief moment of alertness. "Mhm."
After wiping Martha's palm, Alivia retreated to a corner of the hallway and dialed Noah to check on his progress.
At the sight of the incoming call, Noah felt a flush of heat on the other side of his desk sat Brielle.
Chapter 351
Brielle was organizing files from a recent executive meeting and raised an eyebrow at the flashing name on his screen. "Mr. Noah, aren't you going to answer that?"
Noah slammed his documents onto the desk with frustration and embarrassment. "My calls are none of your business! Brielle, I heard you voted against Spencer. You really play hardball. If Spencer doesn't get into Dorsey International, he'll become the laughing stock of Beaconsfield."
The idea of a Dorsey family member not making it into the family company was indeed quite
comical.
Brielle merely smiled, her poise unshaken as she regarded the other executives in the room. "My vote wasn't decisive. Whether Spencer gets in is up to HR. Mr. Noah, I was merely asking about your call. Why do you seem to have stepped on a landmine? Could it be that Ms. Alivia is someone you'd rather keep hidden?"
"You!" Noah was livid, and his grip on his phone turned white. With a final glare at Brielle, he stormed out of the conference room. Alivia's timing with her call couldn't have been worse.
Finding a quiet spot, Noah cleared his throat and finally answered the call. "Alivia?"
He expected her to immediately ask if he had completed his task, but instead, she inquired about his well-being and if he had encountered any troubles at work lately.
In matters of cunning and strategy, Noah was no match for Alivia. She deftly steered the conversation towards his job frustrations, which, as it turned out, were mostly due to Brielle. Thus, the topic naturally shifted to her. "Noah, did you make any progress with what I mentioned last time?"
He stiffened at the mention of Brielle, his anger flaring anew. "I thought I was close several times, but Brielle plays hard to get like a pro. And you know about Spencer, right? He broke off their engagement before, publicly dismissing her - everyone at the company knows. Now, he's inexplicably desperate to work under her, as her assistant of all things. I swear, Brielle's like a siren, casting spells on men. Why else would Spencer swallow his pride like this?"
Alivia gleaned the essential information from Noah's rant. Brielle and Spencer's ties were not yet severed.
###Chapter 352
Chapter 352
Her eyes twinkled with mirth. "You know, Spencer is sort of a friend of mine, too. Noah, if Brielle really grinds your gears, why not play matchmaker with those two? Spencer's part of the Dorsey clan. If he ever climbs the corporate ladder, he could be a powerful ally for you."
A spark of interest flickered in Noah's eyes. The thought of Brielle's recent arrogance left a sour taste in his mouth. If Spencer rose to power, he'd undoubtedly make Brielle's life difficult. And even if Spencer ended up as just another face in the Dorsey International crowd, his mere presence would be a thorn in Brielle's side, given her disdain for him.
"Alivia, I've got it handled. Trust me, I'll make sure Spencer gets a foot in the door at the company."
They exchanged a few more words before Noah reluctantly ended the call. As he turned around. he nearly jumped out of his skin at the sight of a woman standing mere meters behind him. His embarrassment quickly turned to anger. "Brielle! Were you eavesdropping on my call?!"
Brielle's laugh was sardonic as she pointed to the floor. "This is a public area, Mr. Noah. Maybe next time, you should find a more private spot for your calls. I had to pass by to get to my department and was polite enough not to interrupt."
Noah's face turned icy. He was embarrassed and wished he could strangle her right there. "How much did you hear?"
He hadn't been on speaker, but if Brielle had been there from the start, she'd have heard every word. "Mr. Noah, would you believe me if I said I heard nothing?"
Brielle gave him a once-over, her tone tinged with pity. "I've never met Ms. Alivia, but if she's manipulating her admirer to go after someone she dislikes, it doesn't seem very honorable. Wasn't Ms. Alivia brought up with a top-notch education?"
The skepticism in Brielle's eyes felt like blasphemy to Noah. He wouldn't allow anyone to belittle Alivia. His gaze turned malevolent, and he reached out to grab Brielle's throat.
But Brielle ducked, avoiding his grasp, and with a swift move, she pinned his arms behind his back, pressing him against the wall. Noah, red with rage, struggled helplessly. "Let go of me!"
"Mr. Noah, like I said, don't start anything, or I'll make a move too." She released him and walked towards the elevator.
Rubbing his sore arms, Noah seethed with loathing for Brielle. She lacked any semblance of femininity, nothing like Alivia's grace.
Once inside the elevator, Brielle's brow furrowed. Alivia's reach was indeed long, meddling in Dorsey International's affairs and bossing around its executives. With the backing of the Barnes family, she lived a life of ease that 99% of the world could only dream of.
Brielle sighed softly as she looked at her reflection in the mirror. It was unwise to confront someone like Alivia without having her own wings fully spread. But Alivia had already made her Chapter 352
move.
Returning to her office, Brielle tackled an afternoon's worth of paperwork. By 8 PM. Dorsey Tower was still buzzing with activity. Having cleared her backlog of work, she rubbed her tired. eyes and stood to leave, only to be greeted by a commotion outside. Curious to check it out, she grabbed her bag and stepped out to a hallway filled with delicious aromas.
Spencer, all smiles, was at the center of a lively crowd. Spotting her, his face lit up. "Brielle."
Brielle's expression darkened. She turned to leave, but Spencer caught her wrist. "I got some late-night snacks for the team. You've been working hard all day; have something before your 90."
The office eavesdropped eagerly, remembering how Spencer once couldn't stand Brielle. Yet now, it seemed he had taken a sudden liking to her.
Shaking off his hand, she said flatly, "I'm not hungry."
Undeterred, Spencer chuckled, "I packed a light meal just for you. Take it home, heat it up if your get hungry."
Brielle frowned and her patience was wearing thin. "What's this all about, Spencer?"
It was best to address some matters head-on, especially with so many onlookers. If she didn't make her stance clear, people might think she was leading Spencer on. In this society, women were held to a much higher standard than men.
"Look, Brielle, am I not being clear enough? I'm trying to win you back. I made mistakes before. and I know you have feelings for me, too. Can we drop the past and start over?" Chapter 353
"I know you have feelings for me, too?"
###Chapter 353
Chapter 353
Brielle almost burst into laughter at the sheer audacity of Spencer's confidence. Stripping away the years of familiarity, what did Spencer have to his name except the legacy of the Dorsey family?
She didn't want to utter a single word, yet she overheard the murmurs of discontent within the department.
"We've been putting in so much overtime lately. What's the harm in a little late-night snack?"
"Yeah, she's been on leave for so many days. We've all had to pick up the slack."
It dawned on Brielle that there was more to leadership than just strength; it was about managing people. Your power was measured by how many were willing to serve you. She had never before considered the intricacies of interpersonal relationships, but now she couldn't ignore her colleagues' complaints. Due to her absence, overtime had indeed increased.
She offered a smile, turning to those still present. "Friday's coming up. Let's do dinner on me, huh? Spread the word to the rest, you've all earned it."
The complainers were taken aback, somewhat startled. They'd never expected Brielle to show such a down-to-earth side. Back when Brielle was a manager, she was a lone wolf. So, this sudden gesture left them feeling a bit sheepish.
"Ms. Haywood, there's quite a bunch of us in the department. This could run you a pretty penny," one of them said.
Brielle's smile grew more generous. "No worries. Just send me the bill afterward." With that. she strode off.
Spencer hurried after her. "Brielle!"
She pretended not to hear him, frowning as she pressed the elevator button.
Meanwhile, the department was abuzz with whispers, especially about the one who had spoken
1. up.
"Why are you worried about Ms. Haywood's money? She's a director now, and with Spencer chasing her, she'll likely marry into wealth."
"Exactly. Let's not hold back tomorrow night. Order the expensive stuff. I've never liked her much anyway."
"First, Noah, now Spencer. Why does Brielle have all the luck?"
The other women in the department were green with envy. Hooking up with a high-up meant a life of luxury, and Brielle had snagged two. Spencer, set to inherit a chunk of the Dorsey fortune, was leagues ahead of Noah.
1/2
The loudest of the complainers was Sarah.
"I say we all go for king crab tomorrow night. If it doesn't cost us a small fortune, we're not doing justice to Ms. Haywood's status."
"Isn't that a bit much?"
"What's the harm? She didn't set a limit. When others got promoted, they knew how to treat their colleagues. It took Spencer to remind her. I can't fathom what he sees in a woman he once dismissed." The more Sarah thought about it, the angrier she became.
It was clear to everyone that Sarah probably had a crush on Spencer. With Spencer's boyish charm and his history in the department, it was inevitable that some would fall for him..
"Sarah, cut it out. There are cameras here. Be careful. Do you remember what happened to Emily after crossing Brielle? She vanished."
Someone warned Sarah, hoping to prevent any drama that might make life difficult for
everyone.
Sarah pouted. "Can't I even speak my mind? Every time I see her smug face, it just gets to me."
Sarah's complaints dwindled, but the department remained restless.
Brielle, who had already driven off, avoiding Spencer and returning to Pearl Estate, didn't know any of this.
It was only after locking her door that she finally breathed a sigh of relief, feeling an unease settle in her chest. After a glass of water and a glance out the window to ensure no odd figures were following her- fortunately. Spencer hadn't-Brielle settled on the couch.
In the stillness, her thoughts inevitably drifted to the phone call with Max. What would they talk about when he returned?
His departure was hasty, and she didn't even know why he had to travel abroad with Alivia. She was in the dark about everything. It was all just a gamble.
This might've been the only gamble she'd ever taken in her life, so she prayed silently, hoping
not to lose.
Her phone chimed, and as though summoned by her thoughts, there was a picture from him. It was a cluster of small flowers.
Brielle instantly recognized them as irises. She smiled, feeling a profound sense of peace. Everything else could wait until his return.
###Chapter 354
Chapter 354
On a Friday afternoon, Brielle wrapped up her day's work early when she heard the distant buzz of her colleagues gearing up for a dinner party. Her office door swung open, and someone strode in. "Ms. Haywood, we've got a private dining room booked. Come have a drink or two with us."
Initially reluctant, Brielle considered the solitude of her own company at home and agreed with a nod.
After tidying up loose ends for the upcoming workdays, she glanced at the clock-it was 8 PM. She decided to make a brief appearance at the gathering, a gesture that wouldn't come off as rude. Arriving too early might have stifled the fun, she reasoned.
Following the directions provided by her colleagues, Brielle easily located the restaurant. It was a decent place-not too pricey. By her estimate, the group's meal would probably run up a tab of around four thousand bucks.
Pushing open the private room's door, she found everyone already in high spirits.
"Ms. Haywood, you've made it!"
"How about singing a song?"
"With your good looks, Ms. Haywood, I bet you've got a lovely voice, too."
One unique feature of the restaurant was that the karaoke setup was integrated into the dining. area. Some had already begun to belt out tunes, but with Brielle's arrival, even the sober ones seemed a bit restrained.
Brielle grabbed a bottle from the table and poured herself a drink. "I won't stay long-I don't want to cramp your style. You all have fun tonight and rest up tomorrow. I asked the front desk when I came in. They have plenty of snacks, so let's have them bring some in later."
"Hurray for Ms. Haywood!" A cheer went up from the crowd.
This was Brielle's first time socializing with her colleagues in such a manner. She smiled, nodded, took her drink, and made to leave.
But then, a voice cut through the crowd. "Just one drink? Surely that's not enough. Latecomers have to down three, you know."
The atmosphere turned awkward in an instant, as everyone seemed unsure of how to react.
The speaker was Sarah, already tipsy. Her eyes squinted with unmasked displeasure at Brielle's presence. Brielle gave her a glance, choosing not to take offense, hoping to give them both an out. Some people, however, refused the chance even when it was right in front of them. Probably irked by Brielle's non-response, Sarah staggered to her feet, and no one dared stop her.
10:58
Chapter 354
This was their boss, after all. Embarrassing her in such a setting was a fool's errand.
Microphone in hand, Sarah's flushed face broke into a sneer. "You're not just drinking three-you're gonna listen to me sing. How about 'Femme Fatale? Seems fitting, given how you snare one heart after another." Everyone held their breath, but Sarah felt vindicated.
Brielle chuckled lightly, asking someone nearby, "Is there really a song called 'Femme Fatale?"
The questioned colleague was mortified and nodded.
"Alright, then. I'll stay for the song," said Brielle as she took a seat.
People expected an outburst from Brielle, but she remained composed. Hearing this. Sarah suddenly didn't know what to do, her breaths growing labored. Realizing the mood had soured and the alcohol's effect was waning, she panicked at the sight of Brielle sitting coolly among them.
Brielle's gaze was calm yet piercing. Brielle looked at Sarah, just clutching the mic, and she frowned. "Weren't you going to sing?"
Sarah shivered at the remark, looking like the victim in the eyes of the uninformed. She bit her lip, unable to meet Brielle's eyes, let alone sing.
Now, her colleagues began to urge her.
"Sarah, weren't you going to sing? Go on, Ms. Haywood is waiting."
"Yeah, don't keep her waiting."
When they had been choosing the dinner venue, Sarah had been the most enthusiastic, suggesting a three-star Michelin restaurant. With so many in the department, dining Michelin-style could easily cost Brielle tens of thousands. They wisely chose a more modest establishment, but now Sarah's drunken antics had led to this tense moment.
As the director, Brielle had the power to make or break careers. Challenging her like this was a clear sign of a malfunctioning brain. Sarah's voice trembled with fear. "Ms. Haywood, I-I'm sorry, I was drunk."
Brielle remained silent, simply smiling at her glass. Her silence spoke volumes. It was as if she was saying, "If you don't sing, I won't leave."
###Chapter 355
Chapter 355
Sarah had no choice but to bring the microphone to her lips, her voice quivering as she tentatively began to sing "Femme Fatale." She couldn't find the tune to save her life, and the discordant sounds seemed to buzz relentlessly in her head. By the end of the song. Sarah was in tears, wiping her eyes and sobbing.
She thought that by now, someone from work, one of the guys, would come to her defense with a few kind words, but after half a minute of weeping, there was only silence. She felt bitter and regretful, but she mustered the strength to finish the last verse.
The moment the backing track ended, Brielle clapped with a chuckle. "Your singing needs some work, but I applaud the courage."
That 'applause for courage' was a backhanded compliment, if ever there was one.
She turned to the others, downing another drink. "I've settled the tab. Everyone have fun, and guys, don't forget to give a lift home to any lady who's had one too many. Let's make sure everyone gets home safe and sound."
The men around began to agree.
Brielle then turned and left. Stepping out into the chilly night, she sneezed.
Christmas lights twinkled everywhere, reminding her that it was Christmas Eve. The cold was setting in, but the spirit of Christmas warmed the bustling streets.
Everywhere she looked, Christmas trees sparkled, and festive stickers adorned the windows. spreading holiday cheer.
Brielle warmed her hands with her breath before heading over to her car. But just as she was about to reach it, another car pulled up beside her, a familiar license plate catching her eye.
The window rolled down, and although the backlight obscured the figure inside, she could see the glint of a black rosary dangling from a hand with long, artistically slender fingers.
Her heart skipped a beat at the sight of Max, and she felt a strange shyness after days apart. She got in, and as the car door shut, they drove off in silence. Her hands were resting awkwardly on her knees as if her throat was constricted.
It wasn't until she noticed they weren't heading towards Premier Palace or Pearl Estate that she finally spoke up, "Where are we going?"
Max, who had been stealing glances at her, looked away with a smirk. He had missed her more than he expected, especially after seeing the irises abroad. He couldn't forget the sight of her lying still on the ground, a faint trail of blood behind her. His insides had felt torn, a visceral pain clenching at him.
These few days abroad, he had realized that if he had lost Brielle, he wouldn't know what to do. When he found she was still breathing, his heart, which he thought had died, suddenly revived. Some things, he felt, needed to be said in person.
1/2
10:58
Chapter 355
"Going to a hotel," he finally replied, his gaze returning to the road.
The word 'hotel' sent a jolt through Brielle, but she dared not look at his face. The initial rush of excitement was quickly replaced by a sinking feeling of disappointment. To her. Max was like at drug, and once the high wore off, she was left to deal with the harsh reality.
He wanted to take her to a hotel as soon as he returned, treating her like a call girl who could easily be summoned and just as easily dismissed.
She lowered her gaze, feeling a bitter tang of sadness..
Max, meanwhile, had pulled out a pillow from somewhere in the car-a clear sign of premeditation, as his car never used to have such things. "If you're tired, you can use this to get some sleep," he said, handing her the pillow.
"Thank you," Brielle muttered. Her thoughts were elsewhere, feeling as if her heart was being squeezed tight. She didn't realize that Max was waiting for something, looking almost uneasy.
After a brief struggle with her emotions, Brielle looked out the window. Her voice was hoarse with unshed tears. "Mr. Dorsey, I have things to do when I get back. You can let me out here." She didn't want to stay another minute, seeking refuge where she could lick her wounds in private.
Max didn't expect her to react this way. "It's Friday. You don't work tomorrow."
"I have to work overtime. Please, let me out."
"Brielle," he started to protest.
"I want to get out!" she insisted, her voice breaking.
###Chapter 356
Chapter 356
Her voice was resolute, and perhaps realizing a surge of emotion, she slowly lowered her gaze.
Max was just quietly watching her while Brielle dared not meet his eyes. After a long moment. Max slipped oft the black rosary from his wrist and placed it onto hers. The black beads still carried the warmth of his skin, his scent.
Brielle jerked her head up in disbelief. Had he really given her the rosary? Had Max placed his rosary on her wrist?
Her eyes widened in shock, and her mind was a blank canvas. It was as if the Milky Way had. suddenly cascaded into the core of her heart.
She must've been dreaming!
However, the coolness on her wrist reminded her that this was all very real.
"Brielle?"
Seeing her sitting there, dazed, Max took her hand and gently kissed it. His lips were cool, cool enough to make Brielle retract her fingers slightly. "Brielle, stay with me tonight."
Max had the ability to make any woman fall into the trap of his love if he so wished.
Brielle opened her mouth. She had words that could fill an entire universe to say, yet unable to utter a single star. At that moment, she felt a potent flutter, like a wildfire raging uncontrollably. She could navigate all the rivers and the winding roads, but she couldn't navigate around Max.
Stunned, she lowered her head and touched the black beads on her wrist. Without another word from him, she understood. It wasn't unrequited love; she wasn't performing a solo act.
Max had responded. This realization filled her with such joy that she nearly lost her voice.
She didn't recall how she got out of the car, or how she took the elevator. Everything around them seemed too quiet; in the whole hotel, it felt like they were the only two people. Their room on the top floor overlooked the entire town of Beaconsfietti.
Max's eyes were dark; his usual aloofness was now an intoxicating allure. "As his lips met hers, Brielle was still a bit dizzy. All the lights below seemed to turn into stars on the ground. She could reach out and pluck them from the sky.
Her cheeks flushed as she raised her head and wrapped her arms around his neck.
Max's hands slid from her back to her waist, flipping her over. They fell into this mire together, entwined.
Brielle felt an immense satisfaction, joy seeping from her very bones. She never aspired to be at celestial being; all she wanted was to be with the one who made her heart race, to be just another couple in Beaconsfield.
Chapter 356
The town lights were before her, and behind her was her worldly haven. The black beads on her wrist gently swayed. He was no longer The Priest.
He was just Max.
Brielle's face was flushed with shyness, and then she saw fireworks suddenly erupt in the distance, lighting up the entire city. Under the witness of these fireworks, they engaged in the most intimate, irreplaceable lovemaking.
He kissed her lips tenderly, so gently they seemed to weep.
The fireworks blossomed not in the sky but in her heart. The booming sounds made her eardrums tremble.
Max seemed to whisper something in her ear before moving his kisses along her skin.
Brielle was too exhausted from the night's activities, watching the fireworks fade away until the sky began to show the first light of dawn. She felt worn, her body was devoid of any unblemished skin, and her eyes reddened several times over.
She couldn't move a finger as she lay in bed. Yet, she was still trying to remember what Max
ad said at the end of the fireworks.
ventually, she was too tired to think, turned and nestled into his embrace, and fell asleep.
Max looked down at her and chuckled softly, repeating the words. "Brielle, I've been defeated by opamine."
###Chapter 357
Chapter 357
Dopamine, the instigator of fondness, the spark behind it all. It represented addiction and longing. The name Brielle amplified those cravings.
Max had lived for twenty-six years, and for the first time, he admitted defeat.
When Brielle woke up, snow was drifting past the window. She turned over wearily, finding the other side of the bed empty. Her eyes snapped open, and she sat up abruptly.
The movement sent a wave of soreness through her body, and she frowned, taking in the unfamiliar surroundings.
It snowed, and Max had returned. They had kissed their way from the elevator to the doorstep.
Her cheeks burned with heat as she thought of lifting the blanket, only to notice the string of black beads around her wrist.
Max had given her those beads, leaving a cool kiss on her fingertips.
Max.
Max.
Her mind was now a whirlwind of thoughts about Max.
After freshening up, she quietly opened the door to the living room. Max was already dressed in a suit, sipping coffee, and browsing through the documents Patrick had delivered that morning. He looked up slowly at the sound of her footsteps.
Brielle paused, awkwardly averting her gaze. Her pale skin made the bracelet around her wrist
stand out even more.
The fairy of the night had brought The Priest down to earth, and that bracelet was a token of his willing descent.
Brielle walked uneasily, feeling a tender ache with every step. It wasn't unbearable, but it stirred an unsettling restlessness within her.
Max reached out, grasping her wrist and pulling her into his embrace. She wore the silk. nightgown provided by the hotel. Its neckline was modest, but the patchy marks on her neck. were impossible to cover. "Max," she said, frozen in his arms, while he remained casual. His hands encircled her waist as he continued with his paperwork.
"Hmm?"
Brielle bit her lip, taking a while to relax against his chest.
Max's chin rested lightly on her shoulder, asking. "Are you hungry?"
Indeed, Brielle felt a pang of hunger, but happiness had come so unexpectedly that she felt like
11
Chapter 357
she was walking on clouds, engulfed in a surreal softness.
Max's fingertip touched her chin, tilting her face up. "Brielle, don't you have anything to ask?" Like why he gave her the bracelet, or why they were having sex again.
Her gaze met his, unaware of how enchanting her eyes were-sparkling, gleaming, like glass submerged in water. If she were a canary, he wished she'd always sing in the opulent cage he'd crafted. But he knew well that Brielle was no canary.
His fingertips gently traced the marks on her neck, as he remembered his lack of control. When he saw those irises abroad, he understood what longing was. He thought he must've liked Brielle.
He had been trying to resist this uncontrollable feeling, but when he saw her bruised and battered, all thoughts of dopamine, desire circuits, oxytocin, and vasopressin seemed irrelevant. He just wanted to see Brielle, nothing more.
Max lowered his head to the marked tender skin and kissed those traces gently.
Brielle's toes curled, and her cheeks flushed. "No." She knew what he was trying to say, so there was no need for words to prove it.
###Chapter 358
Chapter 358
"No? Really?"
Max echoed the words, but with a different inflection that carried a tinge of amusement.
"Yeah."
The next moment, he chuckled softly, resting his chin lightly on her shoulder while maintaining their close embrace. His hair brushed against Brielle's cheek, making her feel as if her heart had melted into a warm puddle.
In the past, she would have found it hard to imagine Max being so affectionate with a woman. Even during their few lovemakings, he had always been in absolute control, perhaps indulgent at times but never as tender as he was now.
Sitting in his arms with her cheeks flushing, Brielle gazed out at the snowflakes dancing in the air and thought to herself, "This must be what being together feels like."
The thought of being with Max filled her with an indescribable sweetness.
A knock on the door drew Brielle out of Max's embrace, and she settled herself on a nearby chair.
Patrick walked in and immediately noticed the black beads around Brielle's wrist, his eyes betraying a flash of surprise. "Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Brielle, I've ordered breakfast. It should arrive in about ten minutes." Brielle didn't miss the flicker of emotion in Patrick's eyes. She had always wondered what those black beads meant to Max. To everyone in the Beaconsfield elite, the beads were synonymous with Max, and his austere demeanor earned him the nickname "The Priest." Her fingers lightly traced the beads as a smile curled the edges of her lips.
Max, noticing her gesture, felt a strange sense of satisfaction. Perhaps admitting his fondness for Brielle had torn down some psychological barrier because now, he thought she was perfect from head to toe, including every strand of her hair.
Although Max didn't fully understand that this was what liking someone felt like, he was certain about one thing - Brielle was different, and others simply wouldn't do.
Patrick, sensing he was somewhat superfluous at the moment, discreetly made his exit.
True to his word, ten minutes later, a server wheeled in a cart laden with an array of exquisite dishes. Wearing pristine white gloves, the server carefully laid the dishes out on the table. After being up all night, Brielle's hunger had returned with a vengeance.
Once the server had arranged everything and politely left, Max handed Brielle the cutlery and observed her eating habits. She had a penchant for a breakfast of oatmeal, a boiled egg, and a side of vegetable salad. She was a picky eater and left the carrots untouched in her salad. She favored plain oatmeal and did not even touch the sweet or savory options.
Chapter 358
With every bite Brielle took, Max cataloged her preferences. When Brielle finally set her spoon down, Max frowned slightly, concerned she hadn't eaten enough.
Brielle caught his gaze, and despite the familiarity of his face, she still felt a thrill each time their eyes met.
Max's face was the most handsome she had ever known. His aura was akin to a rare blossom, cold and translucent. Suddenly, the image of his expression shifting from icy detachment to fiercely possessive as he gripped her waist flashed in her mind. It was the look of a dangerously alluring flower, and her toes curled slightly.
His usually stoic eyes softened with a smile, sparkling like stars in the night sky. "Brielle, what's on your mind?" he asked, his gaze trailing down her neck.
Brielle abruptly remembered how low the neckline of her nightgown was. Had Patrick seen the marks there? A wave of annoyance washed over her.
"Max, about that book project, did you know William is handling it now?"
The world's most mood-breaking woman-Brielle.
Max sighed softly, signaling for the server to clear the table, and then he undid the top button of
his shirt.
Brielle's eyes were helplessly drawn to his fingers. Max's hands were the most attractive she had ever seen. Even if his face were hidden, just a photo of those hands posted online would attract hordes of adoring fans.
Every part of him was perfect as if he were a favored creation of the divine.
Brielle's thoughts began to wander again, but before she could gather herself, Max had pulled her close, his voice a whisper in her ear. "Just now, were you really thinking about work?"
His voice was seductive, and she couldn't admit that she was actually thinking about him. He was right there in front of her, yet she still wanted more.
As the snow outside grew heavier, she looked up as if making a decision and boldly wrapped her arms around his neck.
Max sensed the change in Brielle. Before, in their encounters, she had been quite forward. But since he had given her the beads, she seemed to have softened, becoming more docile as if a hedgehog was showing its vulnerable belly.
He picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, unable to resist the allure of her submissive gaze-it was too easy for one to fall for it.
###Chapter 359
Chapter 359
When Brielle stirred awake, she found herself already in Pearl Estate. Her body was feeling as though she had been through a prize fight and come out the loser.
The room was empty. Max must have gone to the office to catch up on work he'd missed.
A warm, fuzzy sensation fluttered in Brielle's chest at the thought of him. Just then, her phone's ringtone sliced through the quiet, and her brow furrowed when she saw the name flashing on the screen. Spencer.
She hit the answer button, her voice coming out more gravelly than she'd expected. "What's up?"
"Brielle, why weren't you home this morning? I've been calling you for ages, and you're only now picking up."
Brielle nearly laughed. "Spencer, since when are we even friends? I don't think I owe you any updates on my whereabouts."
"Brielle, have you been seeing those... those guys again?*
He couldn't think of any other explanation. It was Christmas Eve last night, and she hadn't answered his calls. Now, on Christmas Day, he'd swung by Pearl Estate, and she wasn't there, and her phone was going unanswered.
What on earth could she be doing?
The thought of her possibly spending time with some other man was like a punch to the gut.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, her mind briefly caressing the image of Max's face; her heart sweetened at the thought. If this were the old days, she might have played along with Spencer's insinuations. But not today. Instead, she stated firmly, "Actually, I am with a man. He's my boyfriend."
The words 'my boyfriend' cut through Spencer's heart like a blade, Enraged, Spencer lashed out. "You were engaged to me! Who else in the high society of Beaconsfield would take on 'used goods? Unless it's some nobody from outside our circles. Brielle, are you really content with settling for that? Constant worries over trivial things, when you could have had the easy path with me."
"That's enough." Brielle cut him off mid-rant. "I'm tired, Spencer. If you don't have anything else. please stop calling. We're not at a point in our relationship where phone calls are appropriate." Spencer felt like his eyes were aflame, his fists clenched and unclenched. He consoled himself with the thought that their broken engagement had been the talk of the town. No one within their elite circle would look at Brielle twice. Despite her beauty, no man would want a woman that used to be someone else's fiancée. So she must've been lying to deter him.
1/2
Chapter 359
His temper simmered down, and a smug smile curled his lips as he dialed Noah to check on his job application status.
Noah, seeing Spencer's call and remembering his task, picked up. "Mr. Dorsey,"
"Noah, did HR reject my job application?"
"Yes, I'm not sure why, but the HR director followed Brielle's lead and voted against it. You know your situation is... delicate, and Brielle probably doesn't want to see you. However, I have another position available. You could start working on the top floor. How's that?”
Working on the top floor meant running into Max, which ignited a spark of interest in Spencer. It was a perfect opportunity to snoop around about Max's interests. "Sure, I'll come."
After hanging up. Noah arranged for Spencer to work close to him, bypassing the usual channels; a nod from him was enough.
Spencer, thinking about being back at Dorsey International and seeing Brielle daily, was ecstatic. He figured he should get Brielle a gift, but what did she like?
He realized he didn't actually know her preferences. He frowned, and headed to Tequila Sunset on a hunch.
He hadn't expected to actually run into someone, but there was Aubree, a regular at the bar. perched on a stool in a daring miniskirt, sipping her drink.
Her expression soured at the sight of Spencer, but he seemed oblivious to her disdain as he pulled up a seat and ordered her another drink.
Aubree sneered, "Mr. Dorsey, I hardly think I should accept a drink from you."
Spencer understood the jab; his past indiscretions with Lillian had hurt Brielle and tainted her friends' impressions of him. But he believed there was still time to make amends.. "Aubree, I just want to ask... what does Brielle like?"
At his question, Aubree's sneer deepened, and her fingertips drummed on the bar.
###Chapter 360
Chapter 360
"Brielle's been your fiancée for a decade, and you don't even know her favorite things. Spencer, oh Spencer, why are you snooping around now? It's none of your business anymore, you
know?"
Spencer's face soured, but he swallowed his anger. He was willing to go back to Brielle. "Shouldn't she feel honored? Now she's got nothing, is not the Haywood heiress anymore, and is reclusive by nature. I'm ready to embrace her, and that's her luck," he thought.
Aubree noticed his displeasure, and her lips curled into a cold smirk. "Are you looking to chase her now? Too late. Bri's got herself a real catch. I bet you can't hold a candle to him, not in looks and probably not in bed either."
Aubree was always blunt to the point of disrespect, even casting a derisive glance at a certain part of Spencer's anatomy.
Spencer felt like he'd been slapped in the face and stood up abruptly. "Aubree!"
He was shaking with fury, and his lips were turning white from the humiliation. No man could stand such an affront to his pride, especially when he considered himself quite capable in the bedroom. Taking a deep breath, he tried to calm the storm inside.
Aubree wasn't scared of him. She took a casual sip of her drink, feeling utterly bored with the
situation.
*Spencer, you Dorsey men are truly heartless. You were hot and heavy with Lillian, and even conspired to deceive Bri. Now, with Lillian gone and her parents still at the police station, here you are, inquiring about your ex-fiancée's preferences. What woman would want a man like you?" She laughed as she spoke.
Spencer clenched his teeth. If it weren't for her connection to the Clements family, he would not let this woman off easily.
Approaching Aubree was a clear mistake.
His chest heaved, and he turned and left. If Aubree thought Brielle wouldn't be Interested in him now, he was determined to win her back just to prove her wrong. Stepping out of the bar, he was still fuming when he spotted a drunken girl fending off a man's advances.
"Back off!"
"Don't touch me!"
Spencer frowned; the voice sounded so much like Brielle's. He approached quickly and kicked the persistent man to the ground.
The man cursed but recognized Spencer and slunk away.
Chapter 360
Spencer turned to the girl. She was cute and petite. Despite being drunk, she wasn't completely out of it. Looking up at Spencer, her eyes lit up. "Hey, I know you."
Her voice was eerily similar to Brielle's, but her looks were nothing like Brielle's renowned beauty. She was more of a girl-next-door type..
Fresh from the clash with Aubree and now faced with someone whose voice so resembled Brielle's, Spencer's mind was a blur. By the time he snapped back to reality, he had already taken the woman to a hotel room.
He covered her face with his suit jacket, knowing she was willing, and fiercely gripped her waist. "Say it."
The woman had a delicate and pretty appearance, not totally naive and was well aware of the intentions they both had. They had just met outside a bar and as mature adults, spending the night at a hotel if they found each other agreeable was common.
The previous man had been unsightly and lewd, but this one was quite nice and he seemed to be fascinated by her voice. Therefore, she let herself go and began to moan seductively.
Spencer felt goosebumps. He had no idea about Brielle's voice in bed, but this woman's voice was surprisingly similar to Brielle's. If it was actually Brielle...
At this moment, he felt his thoughts were not only perverse, but also quite sordid.
However, after being kidnapped and current circumstances, he felt he absolutely needed Brielle This became a sort of obsession. He did not want her to die, but he didn't want her to live it up so freely either. "Say my name."
The woman hesitated, remembering his face but not his name.
"Call me Spencer."
Spencer must have lost his mind, seeking Brielle's shadow in a stranger. Perhaps it was the holiday spirit, or memories of last Christmas when Brielle could still smile at him.. "Spencer..." As she pronounced his name, Spencer became relentless.
They spent the night tangled together until dawn. When Spencer woke up at seven in the morning, he felt a body still in his arms. He frowned and quickly got up.
The woman woke up with a hangover but clearly remembered last night's escapades. Before she could fully process it, a stack of bills was thrown her way.
As Spencer dressed, the woman, still a bit dazed, laughed. "I knew your face looked familiar. You're that guy engaged to Brielle, right?"
###Chapter 361
Chapter 361
Spencer stiffened at the mention of Brielle's name, a quilty pang striking his heart. The woman didn't glance at the stack of bills on the bed but instead, fumbled to her feet, standing before him. "I knew it was you. I've seen your photo, and there was another guy, too."
She touched her chin, wistfully. "You're quite the looker, but that other guy, he's like something out of a fairytale. Brielle's one lucky lady. Did she dump you?"
The moment the words left her lips, Spencer's head snapped up. "Who are you?"
She chuckled, "A relative of mine lives next door to Brielle. Mentioned setting me up with someone, asked if I fancied him for a potential match."
Spencer recalled Brielle's chatty neighbor from her apartment days, who indeed had made such a fuss about introducing him to someone but he'd taken it as a joke. That wasn't the point, though. The point was this otherworldly man. Who was he?
His eyes reddened, and his insides churned with unease. He feigned calm as he pulled up a photo on his phone. "You said you've seen this other guy? What did your relative say? Was he also visiting Brielle?" The woman smiled, "Yeah, Brielle's got a fiancé, but it seems like this guy is her kept man. Though judging by his looks, I doubt it." Such an aura he had, he couldn't possibly be a mere boy toy.
Spencer's h?nd, resting by his side, clenched until he felt his palm might bleed. He thrust the phone in the woman's face. "Him? Is it him?"
The photo showed Max, the same one Spencer had shown around the apartment. Except for those who had perished, he felt he hadn't missed anyone.
He had thought Brielle and Max were above board, but the woman's sparkling eyes sent his heart plummeting. The anger in him boiled over.
"It's him, so handsome. I was drooling over his picture. Shame, he's probably not just anybody. right?" Oblivious to the financial world, she didn't recognize Max's renowned face..
After she spoke, the room seemed to be engulfed in a dangerous aura. Spencer's scalp tingled with the urge to destroy something in his fury.
It was Max! Max was with Brielle!
He had suspected as much, but just as he was about to dismiss the idea, it was this woman's words that confirmed his fears. His chest heaved violently, the chair crashing to the floor in his rage.
The woman, startled, quickly dressed and made for the door. But before she could exit, Spencer's roar stopped her cold. "Stop right there!"
His face flushed with anger, and he resembled a lion ready to pounce, determined to drag this
Chapter 361
woman before his grandfather to reveal Max and Brielle's indiscretions.
He remembered the scene by the floral wall all too well, Max openly embracing and kissing at woman. How could he forget? Now he knew it was Brielle!
That was Brielle! They had cuckolded him right under his nosel
The taste of blood filled Spencer's mouth, but amidst the shock, his mind cleared. Even if he brought this woman before his grandfather, Michael wouldn't believe him.
The apartment was burned down and there was no video evidence, no solid proof, just this woman's word against his. Besides, Max himself held such a high status in the Dorsey family. Spencer's fists clenched again. He had respected his uncle, but Max betrayed him.
His eyes reddened as he slowly closed them. He must have his revenge!
But he would have to bide his time.
Meanwhile, Brielle was oblivious to Spencer's newfound clue. She opened her laptop to tackle some work, her waist was aching, and her stomach was rumbling with hunger.
Just as she contemplated making some soup, there was a knock at the door, and a delivery arrived - all tailored to her tastes.
After eating, she noticed several personal messages from colleagues.
[Ms. Haywood, are you there? You should check the company chat.]
[Ms. Haywood, someone posted the video of you making Sarah sing in the big group.]
Brielle's frown deepened. She rarely engaged with social media and had muted the company chat long ago, but now she clicked in.
The chat was ablaze with discussion. The video was being shared back and forth. She watched the video, which was indeed from that night. However, the uploader had carefully omitted the part where Sarah was drunk and provoking Brielle, only showing Brielle forcing Sarah to sing. Out of context, it looked like Brielle, the boss, was abusing her power to bully a female colleague.
"I can't believe she's like that. Poor Sarah."
"Disgusting, how can she be a boss? She should be fired."
"We need to take this to the higher-ups, or Sarah will continue to suffer under her."
###Chapter 362
Chapter 362
Brielle stared at the chatter in the group chat, a frown creasing her brow.
In the video, Sarah was crying her eyes out, her plea for help making the unsuspecting guys' hearts break, and they rallied to her defense.
Sarah wasn't about to miss this opportunity. Instead of worrying about being fired by Brielle, she'd rather make a scene to get the higher-ups' attention and then take the lead in firing Brielle. It was a classic case of striking first to gain the upper hand.
Sarah had already checked with the venue they had dinner at, confirming there were no cameras in the private room. So the truth, whatever it was, only the colleagues knew.
Brielle had been MIA for the last couple of days, missing her chance to set the record straight.
The scales had already tipped in Sarah's favor. If Brielle were indeed driven out by public opinion, then anyone who came out to vouch for Brielle now would stick their neck out and might be ostracized by everyone.
In the workplace, being ostracized was a fate worse than death.
Sarah's lips curled slightly as she read the ongoing discussions in the group chat and chimed
1. in.
[I upset Ms. Haywood, and I'm sorry. Please, let's not talk about this anymore.]
The more she played the damsel in distress, the angrier everyone else became. People tended to sympathize with the underdog, and since Sarah was just another rank-and-file employee, they were eager to band together against a common foe.
[Why shouldn't we talk about it? She bullied you like that, and what, now she wants to silence all of us?]
[How did she even become a director? Didn't she just sleep her way to the top?]
[I saw posts about her on the Beaconsfield College forum before. Her character has always been questionable.]
Triumph gleamed in Sarah's eyes as she thought of the indignity she had suffered that night. She's gonna use this incident to ensure Brielle never recovered.
Meanwhile, Brielle was reading these discussions. She hadn't had a moment to check her phone these past few days and, indeed, missed the best opportunity to speak up. Now, any statement from her would only add fuel to the fire. And because of her silence, the colleagues who initially spoke up for her were now being attacked by the masses, looking like fools.
Brielle hadn't expected Sarah to go this far. It seemed her adversary was all in.
Suddenly, a flood of complaint emails were sent to the CEO's assistant. It was Sunday, and the office was not empty; Max was working overtime. Chapter 362
Reading through the barrage of complaints, Patrick frowned and hesitated before speaking to Max, who was busy with an international meeting. "Mr. Dorsey, there have been complaints against Ms. Brielle." Max's fingers stilled, and he slowly looked up. "Complaints about what?"
"Abuse of power, bullying staff."
Patrick scanned through the messages, noting there were as many as thirty emails. This was the most concentrated wave of complaints Dorsey International had ever seen.
"Hmm." Max responded with a nonchalant hum, then fell silent.
"Mr. Dorsey, people are saying the company chat is full of discussions. Because Ms. Brielle hasn't come out to clarify, the rumors have gotten out of control."
Brielle hadn't had the time to explain these past few days, and Max's eyes twinkled with mirth as to why. "Then dissolve the group chat."
Patrick blinked, but he didn't question further.
Two minutes later, the group chat that was abuzz with discussion was dissolved. Sarah, who was itching to spill her long-prepared tirade against Brielle, watched in disbelief as the group fell silent. Her typed words went unanswered.
All that was left was a cold message-[The group admin has dissolved this group.]
Sarah had a lengthy rant ready, listing all the ways Brielle supposedly mistreated her subordinates-most of it fabricated. With the video and her lengthy message, Brielle seemed beyond redemption. But before Sarah could send it, the group was dissolved.
Only someone in upper management could dissolve the group. Who was helping Brielle?
Sarah's mind immediately went to Noah-everyone knew that Noah had been pursuing Brielle. Hah, did they think that just by dissolving one group, she'd have nowhere else to post?
There were plenty of employee groups, and several didn't include the higher-ups; they were formed on the down-low. So she posted her rant in another group, and watching the fresh wave of indignation against Brielle, she smirked with satisfaction.-
"Bitch, let's see how long you last at Dorsey International.
She congratulated herself for having the foresight to record that video.
Relishing the feeling of revenge, Sarah continued to provoke the matter. "You guys probably have no idea how loose she is with men. She only got promoted because she clung to Mr. Noah's coattails-and that was while she was still engaged to Spencer. She shamelessly flirted around. I only spoke the truth, and she had the audacity to make me sing in front of everyone. I hope our CEO notices what's happening. I don't want to endure this any longer."
The group offered her comfort, assuring her that with such a commotion, Mr. Dorsey would definitely take notice.
###Chapter 363
Chapter 363
Max slouched in his high-rise office chair; his brow furrowed as he absorbed Patrick's news about the increasing number of whistleblowing letters. He snapped his laptop shut. "Push back the overseas meeting." It was time to pay a visit to Brielle at Pearl Estate.
Patrick, knowing what was on Max's mind, followed suit.
They had just reached the exclusive parking garage via the private elevator when Max was halted in his tracks. Sarah stood before him, her eyes wide with trepidation and rimmed with red. "Mr. Dorsey." It was Sunday, the office was sparse with staff, but top-floor happenings were hard to hide. Someone had tipped Sarah off, prompting her to rush to Dorsey International. She lay in wait by the private elevator exit.
Her heart swelled with pride at the unexpected encounter with her top-tier boss. Gossip in the group chats wasn't enough; she was determined to make Mr. Dorsey despise Brielle enough to fire her.
Max regarded the woman before him impassively. Sarah momentarily flinched, unsure if Max was privy to Brielle's situation. "Mr. Dorsey, I-I wish to formally accuse my supervisor. She's been-" Max's presence was overwhelming, and despite Sarah's internal struggle, she couldn't
muster a complete sentence.
Max, out of patience, stepped around her to leave.
As Sarah's mind scrambled, she hurried after him. "Mr. Dorsey, my supervisor, Brielle, has abused her power during department gatherings. There's been discontent ever since she was promoted, and... and she's been involved in inappropriate relationships! Many in the department are her..... her bed partners!”
Seeing Max's stoic reaction, Sarah, feeling like a small fry, thought she needed to up the ante. Her next words halted Max in his tracks. And Patrick, standing behind him, furrowed his brow deeply.
Max turned, his gaze cool as he looked at the flushed woman. Her words had struck a chord, and Sarah, feeling emboldened, pushed on, "Every word is true, Mr. Dorsey."
She held her breath. She may have fancied Spencer, but being close to Mr. Dorsey left her breathless. No wonder the finance papers deemed him a prince of commerce; he personified
the term.
Max stood there, untouchable and distant like a lofty, snow-capped peak.
Sarah's heart raced. She could throw herself at Spencer without a second thought, but in front of Max, all her tactics seemed transparent, as if her soul lay bare with every word she uttered. Who could possibly stand by Max's side and become his woman?
Dazed, Sarah came to her senses only to find Patrick in front of her, all business. "Miss Sarah,
1/2
11:00
ΕΠ
please hold."
Skipping the chain of command to report her department head to the CEO was foolish.
Sarah paled, "But I must report Brielle to Mr. Dorsey."
"You may submit your evidence to the company."
Frustration flashed in her eyes as her fist clenched at her side.
Patrick, indifferent, simply nodded and walked away.
Sarah, seething, pondered the point of her trip to Dorsey International if Mr. Dorsey wouldn't personally punish Brielle. Was she doomed to watch Brielle fire her?
She stomped in vexation, and as the garage quieted down, a well-dressed man emerged from the adjacent alley.
Sarah recognized him and immediately masked her spiteful expression. "Mr. William."
What was he doing here? And he seemed to have been waiting for some time.
William's eyes twinkled with a serene smile, and he patted her shoulder. "Your name's Sarah?"
She was taken aback that such an executive knew her name, and she nodded eagerly, her face flushing. "Yes, I'm Sarah."
Mr. Dorsey had brushed her off, but Mr. Ryan was surprisingly approachable. Sarah was thrilled and blurted out more about Brielle. "Mr. William, it's just like I said. I've even shared the video in the group chat."
A flicker of something passed through William's eyes, and a smile curled his lips. "So, Brielle is at fault. You want her out of Dorsey International?"
A twisted look of hatred crossed Sarah's face. Brielle had stolen her man and humiliated her publicly. Sarah wouldn't let her get away with it!
"Yes, I want her ruined! I want her barred from Dorsey International."
As William stepped past her, he gestured to his car with a smile. "Shall we discuss this in my car? It's not very private here."
Sarah's eyes lit up. Mr. William was willing to help her! "Of course, thank
you."
She hurried to the car, and William, ever the gentleman, opened the door for her.
###Chapter 364
Chapter 364
Sarah felt her heart pounding as if it were on the verge of bursting. She glanced at the figure following her into the car and then heard the definitive "click" of the doors locking. She didn't find it strange for a moment but looked up expectantly. "Mr. William, has Brielle crossed you too?"
There was a slight smile at the corner of William's mouth as he reached for a handkerchief. "Hmm."
A sparkle lit up in Sarah's eyes, and just as she was about to say something more, the handkerchief came down swiftly, smothering her mouth and nose. Her eyes widened in shock, and she tried to struggle, but the pungent odor overwhelmed her senses, and her head felt heavy in an instant. Her attempts to fight back grew weaker by the second.
William released his grip, his expression one of distaste.
Sarah lost consciousness and slumped down limply.
William had parked cleverly. His movements were so calculated that from their conversation to the car, everything had taken place out of the surveillance cameras' sight. He wouldn't have made his move otherwise. Sarah had been waiting like a sitting duck, but William was the bigger predator.
With Sarah's newfound enmity towards Brielle and her sudden disappearance-or even possible death-Brielle would certainly not escape implication.
Trouble for Brielle meant Max would have to step in.
William sneered, nudging Sarah's inert body with the tip of his polished shoe. She's just a pawn of no consequence.
He took out Sarah's phone, unlocking it with her fingerprint. Several group chats in Sarah's WhatsApp were buzzing with activity.
William noted that she had already laid the groundwork for prior events, saving him a great deal of effort. He typed the words "Help me" in one of the groups and then tossed the phone into a nearby pond. Twenty minutes later, the car stopped at his residence. He got out and glanced at the bodyguard who had been waiting. "Take care of the person in the car, and make it clean."
The bodyguard, no stranger to such tasks, nodded slowly.
William took the handkerchief from a man at the door, wiped his fingertips clean, and then casually discarded the cloth into a trash can.
A meaningful smile played on his lips. With Sarah gone at this critical juncture, the waters. would be muddied.
What would Brielle do? And Max-how would he react? William was looking forward to it.
1/3
11.00
Chapter 364
"Beaconsfield," he thought, "the more chaotic, the better." Only then could he seize the opportunity to fish in troubled waters.
Max's car was already parked at Pearl Estate, but before he could get out, he received a message. Reading the short text message, his brow furrowed. "Patrick, head over to the Clements family." Patrick, sitting in the driver's seat, was puzzled. Shouldn't Brielle's situation be the priority? Why was the boss suddenly interested in the Clements family?
"But Ms. Brielle-"
Max glanced up at the building above. As her man, he should indeed intervene when Brielle faced trouble. But Max was no fool. Acting too hastily wouldn't draw Brielle closer to him; it would push her away. Brielle was like a lone mountaineer. Just give her a rope, and she would climb with all her might.
Max let his gaze fall away. If he treated her like a caged bird, it would be his loss. He would never have the real Brielle. What he needed to be was the rope for Brielle.
A caged bird never saw the wider world if it was merely kept by his side. But a mountaineer, who was used to love along the trails and still needed him, was Max's understanding of a relationship. So, he couldn't intervene too much.
Patrick, catching a glimpse of him in the rearview mirror, couldn't guess his thoughts but he wouldn't go against his decision either. So he stepped on the gas, and the car moved away.
Brielle stood by the window, rubbing her eyes, feeling a sense of familiarity with a car that had just passed. When she looked again, it was gone.
Messages in the group chat piled up, most demanding an explanation. Sarah's video had been incendiary. By now, Brielle's name was notorious at Dorsey International.
Brielle wasn't panicking. She was considering her next move. She had already contacted the establishment from the dinner, only to learn there were no cameras ip the private room. The complete events of that night, beyond what Sarah had cunningly recorded, remained unaccounted for.
This lead was a dead end; she needed a new plan.
Brielle lowered her lashes, her calm deepening with the gravity of the situation. After all, she never mistreated Sarah.
Her phone rang. An unfamiliar number popped up on the screen. After pressing the answer button, an angry female voice blasted through.
"So you're the one bullying your staff, huh?! You bitch, thinking you're some kind of god. Screw you. Dorsey International is disgraced with you in it!"
Brielle didn't bother with a verbal spat and hung up.
11:00
Chapter 364
But then, a barrage of calls flooded in. Her number had been leaked.
###Chapter 365
Chapter 365
Brielle didn't hesitate for a moment before she turned off her phone. Once it was off, she logged onto her computer and checked her WhatsApp, only to discover that it wasn't just her phoner number that had been leaked; her WhatsApp was blown wide open, too. She was bombarded with new contact requests, and the accompanying messages were filled with curses and vitriol
This was a premeditated cyber assault. And it wasn't just a virtual threat. If she didn't address it soon, it could escalate into real-world violence.
Brielle skimmed through the messages in the group chat and saw that someone had taken a screenshot of Sarah's cry for help..
-Help.
Just those two terse words, and silence thereafter. It seemed like it was Sarah who had stirred up the online mob.
But something didn't add up. If Sarah merely wanted to use public opinion to force her out, why send a "Help" message in the group? Was Sarah planning to play the victim and then pin everything on her? With that thought, Brielle didn't second-guess her next move - she called the police.
Reporting the incident now was a smart move. There were surveillance cameras outside her house. It something had actually happened to Sarah, she had the perfect alibi.
Besides, stirring up online opinion would only incite strangers to morally grandstand and curse her, which wouldn't physically harm Brielle in any way. She never cared about the opinions of these faceless
masses.
Moreover, she had checked with HR, and Sarah hadn't handed in her resignation. It looked like she intended to stay at Dorsey International. As long as Sarah remained at Dorsey, she was bound to slip up. So Brielle calmed down quickly, took a relaxing shower, had dinner, and then sat down at her computer to deal with company business.
Before going to sleep, she texted Max a simple - Goodnight. She didn't mention the ordeal she was going through. Max didn't reply, but Brielle didn't wait for him. She just drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, when Brielle arrived at the office, she found the place buzzing. People in the elevator gave her strange looks. No one wanted to stand near her. They all preferred to crowd together than to be too close to her.
Brielle was quite content with the space. As she stepped out of the elevator, she even flashed them a smile.
The elevator crowd grimaced, and whispers followed.
Chapter 365
"How can she still smile after all that?"
"Well, why can't she smile? She's a Director at Dorsey International. That leaked footage of her is actually against Sarah's interests. If Brielle wanted to clean house, wouldn't it be a piece of cake?" "Are we sure the video was leaked by Sarah? She seems pretty naive, and she's staying at Dorsey International. Picking fights with the higher-ups isn't going to win her any favors." "Heh, power trumps all, doesn't it?"
Because of the video portraying Brielle's overbearing behavior and Sarah's pitiful weeping, people had already formed a negative opinion of Brielle. The more they saw her unbothered demeanor, the more repulsive they found her. This only fueled the rumors.
When Brielle entered her department, she noticed the gloomy expressions of her colleagues. They had all been part of that infamous dinner and knew the real story.
However, in the corporate world, they were just minor players. On the internet, their voices were insignificant. So, they faced Brielle with a mix of shame and guilt. Those who hadn't dared to speak up for Brielle now couldn't even meet her eyes.
Brielle clapped her hands, her demeanor as professional as ever. "Let's pull ourselves together, folks. Morning routines, remember? If you've got reports to review, get on it. Don't let the outside chatter get to you."
Her words were like a pebble tossed into still waters, making ripples that forced everyone to truly see Brielle for the first time. Before, they had grumbled about her youth and how she didn't deserve her position. But now, the difference was clear.
The office tried to mumble words of comfort to Brielle, but she just smiled and pointed to the clock on the wall. "Work time."
Reluctantly, everyone turned back to their tasks, some slapping their cheeks to bring their focus back to the present.
That morning, the gossip spread like wildfire throughout Dorsey International, except in Brielle's department, where everyone was busy working.
The peace was shattered just before lunch when a scream tore through the department. A bloody box was knocked over, spilling its gruesome content - a dead rat - onto the floor. The stench of decay filled the air.
"Ugh," someone gagged, while others pinched their noses.
This package had been addressed to Brielle, and a colleague was on their way to deliver it to her office when the grim discovery was made. Besides the rat, the box was teeming with writhing maggots.
Brielle stepped out of her office and immediately called building maintenance. As soon as the mess was cleaned up, the elevator dinged open, and a group of people stepped out. The woman
2/3
11:00
Chapter 365
leading them locked eyes with Brielle, her face contorted with resentment.
###Chapter 366
Chapter 366
Suddenly, she lunged at Brielle, her face contorted with rage. "Bitch! Give me back my daughter!"
Luckily, her charge lacked force, and Brielle simply stepped back, quick on her feet, which sent the woman tumbling to the ground.
About four people had come with her, and they were visibly agitated upon seeing me. "It's you! You killed little Sarah! You are a murderer. How can Dorsey International shelter a murderer!"
No sooner had the words left his mouth than the woman on the ground burst into even more pitiful sobs. "My poor, poor child, how did you end up with such a boss? Dorsey International must give us some answers!"
It was clear that this woman was Sarah's mother, while the man who had spoken was Sarah's father.
eves ac
Greed flickered in the man's he also began to cry. "Dorsey International can't bully people like this. We need an explanation today - my daughter can't just die without reason. It must have been her boss who drove her to death. Brielle is the murderer! How can such a
prestigious company as Dorsey International protect a killer?"
Their cries grew louder, each trying to outdo the other, and the two family members who had come along were just as adept at shedding tears.
It was now lunchtime, and employees from other departments were also gathering around to
see what the commotion was about.
Brielle pressed her lips together, uncertain, and asked, "Sarah's dead?"
Brielle didn't have much of an impression of Sarah. If it weren't for her repeated targeting. Brielle would not have paid her any attention.
To other employees, Sarah, like many young people, often spoke of not wanting to live, yet in reality, she clung to life dearly.
Brielle even thought that Sarah might've played a victim card next, forcing Dorsey International's higher-ups to fire her, but Brielle never thought Sarah would die.
She died so suddenly.
Hearing Brielle's words, the woman collapsed even more dramatically. "Oh, my daughter, my unfortunate child. You were bullied to death all because I'm useless. We should never have agreed to you joining Dorsey International. We worked so hard to send you to college, only for you to be taken from us so abruptly- what am I going to do now?"
Her wails grew louder as if trying to draw all the attention to herself. The two other people even took out a framed photo of Sarah, clutching it to their chests. The photo was in black and white.
Seeing that the audience was sizable, the woman cried with even more fervor. "I slaved and scrimped to get you through college, thinking you would make something of yourself, but now you've ended up with such a boss. Oh, god, why are you so blind?"
Standing beside the wailing woman, Sarah's father, Simon, covered his face with his hands and started to weep heartbrokenly.
The department's staff looked at each other, unsure of what to do. Only Brielle watched this spectacle unfold and then asked a colleague, "Where's the security?" Weren't there a bunch of security guards downstairs? How on earth did these people get in?
Hearing Brielle's question, Simon looked up furiously. "You want to throw us out? Do you have any idea how long my little Sarah's body was in the water? You must compensate us for our loss! I was counting on my daughter for my golden years, and you've cut off our lifeline!"
Simon reached out to grab Brielle as he spoke. Brielle dodged and stared at him. "Who says I killed Sarah?"
The woman, still weeping, glared at Brielle with resentment. "Everyone knows it was you. How would Sarah have suddenly lost hope if you hadn't pressured her so much?"
Brielle narrowed her eyes. "Sarah left a message in the group chat asking for help, then something happened. Why do you think she took her own life in despair?"
This was a glaring contradiction. Screenshots of Sarah's cry for help had been shared in numerous chat groups. Would someone planning to commit suicide leave such a message in a chat group? Caught by Brielle's question, a brief flicker of panic crossed the woman's eyes, but then she cried even harder. "If you hadn't treated Sarah that way, she wouldn't have been in such a bad mood. Even if she was murdered, it's still your fault!"
The man chimed in, supporting her. "Yes! Maybe it was you who killed Sarah! You must give us an explanation, or we will make such a scene that the whole of Dorsey International will know. We'll affect Dorsey International's stock price! Everyone will condemn you, heartless woman!"
Brielle found another flaw in their words. Sarah's parents didn't seent like highly educated folks, so how could they know that making a scene could impact Dorsey International's stock price? First, they claimed Sarah had committed suicide, then insistently accused Brielle of the deed. Their aim was clear - to pin everything on Brielle.
Brielle's mind raced with thoughts, though her expression remained calm. She'd already thought of a strategy.
The true puppeteer here wasn't Sarah; as the one who'd lost the most, death had taken everything from her. Given Sarah's character, which was brash enough to act out in front of her superiors, she didn't have the cunning to play such a complex game. So, the conclusion was simple. Sarah was just a pawn to someone else.
As for the mastermind behind the scenes, Brielle couldn't pinpoint them yet, but for now, she could start by clearing her own name of suspicion.
###Chapter 367
Chapter 367
Brielle began, her voice steady despite the chaos. "A whole bunch of folks saw the message Sarah left in the group chat. Plus, I called the cops the minute I saw it last night, asking them to keep a close eye on Sarah's whereabouts. And let me tell you, the surveillance around my neighborhood is top-notch monitors my every move 24/7. I didn't step foot outside my complex last night, so I've got a solid alibi. To say I'm the killer is jumping the gun, don't you think?"
Brielle's composure was unexpected, given the circumstances.
Simon, not the sharpest tool in the shed, only knew how to make a scene. Sweat broke out on his forehead, betraying his panic. This was not going according to plan. He shot his wife a look, and they were both wailing again in an instant.
"Oh Lord, what sins have we committed to cross paths with such a person? Sarah, Mom and Dad miss you so much."
"Brielle, it's all your fault. An eye for an eye - I'll fight you to the end!"
The woman lunged forward again, but the security team from Dorsey International was already on the scene, and the police had arrived with them. The officers were taken aback by the couple's spectacle at Dorsey International.
Brielle, under the watchful eyes of the crowd, approached the police. "Hello, I'm the one who called in last night."
The officer snapped to attention, all business. "Ms. Brielle, good to hear from you. After your call last night, we've been tracking Sarah. But by that time, she was already missing. We've been searching non- stop until about two hours ago when we found her body."
The body had been found just two hours ago, but the parents had the obituary photo ready. They had already pinned the murder on Brielle, demanding an explanation from Dorsey International before the police had even identified a suspect.
The bystanders were starting to catch on - it seemed like the grieving parents were trying to shake down Dorsey International for a quick buck.
The onlookers, previously spectating, now was impressed with Brielle's transparency. The fact that Brielle was the one who called the police, had them tilting their sympathies toward her. But that didn't fully clear Brielle of suspicion, especially with the video of her pressuring Sarah still circulating.
Brielle nodded coolly at the officer. "Do I need to come with you to the station for a statement?"
That was what the officer had in mind, but Simon and the woman resumed their theatrics, collapsing onto the floor in tears. They might have had the moral high ground at first, but their tantrum was quickly eroding it.
Brielle looked up at the Dorsey International employees. "Could someone assist these folks to
11:00
Chapter 367
the lobby to rest? As for the rest, let's wait for the police investigation results."
The security guards nodded, moving to help Simon and the others. But Sarah's father, Simon, a seasoned drama king, whipped out his phone to start recording. "Look at this, everyone! This is the vile face of Sarah's boss she's the one who killed my daughter."
The woman's cries tore through the air, and the chaos intensified. Brielle, however, remained focused and asked the officer, "How long will the statement take?"
The officer, caught off guard by her composure, replied, "Half an hour."
Brielle nodded, then addressed her colleagues, "I'll try to make it back by the afternoon shift. I'd appreciate it if the reports on the other company issues could be on my desk before I return."
She was wrapped up in a murder case and was still delegating tasks for the afternoon. Her colleagues were stunned but then returned to their desks, their respect for her growing. Witnessing the scene, the crowd outside was at a loss for words.
Somebody had already started a live stream of the drama, and initially, the comments were full of vitriol against Brielle. But now, different opinions were surfacing.
"This Brielle is really pretty, and her colleagues seem to respect her a lot. Could we have gotten it wrong?"
"Pretty, sure, but don't be fooled. She looks so good and so young - who knows how she really got her job."
"She was a valedictorian, for heaven's sake. It was all over the papers. Heck, her study notes are still selling like hotcakes online."
"Now that you mention it, I remember. My daughter was in the same class as her. A real looker, that girl - such bright eyes, but she never was one for mingling." "You guys must've been paid off by Brielle to say such things. It's disgusting, siding with a murderer!"
###Chapter 368
Chapter 368
Online opinions were a mixed bag, with some rallying behind Brielle, but the majority were against her.
"What a pretender! The true colors of these capitalists are just hideous."
"Is a human life so worthless in her eyes?"
"She's just so smug. So what if she was the valedictorian? People change."
The live stream continued unabated. Brielle stood beside the police, responding to questions with a mix of humility and pride. Especially noteworthy was Brielle's composure amidst the cacophony of sobs. Coupled with her striking presence, the number of viewers on the live stream skyrocketed.
Unaware of the live broadcast, Brielle finished recounting the afternoon's events and followed behind the officers.
Simon wasn't about to let her off the hook that easily. He grabbed a chair, intending to hurl it at her. "Give me back my daughter! You're not going anywhere!"
The police sprang into action, blocking Simon with stern resolve. "Mr. Simon, the autopsy report for Miss Sarah hasn't been released yet. Ms. Brielle is a suspect, but we need the investigation to conclude before any judgments are made."
Simon, red-faced with rage, nearly poked the officer in the face as he spat out his words. "You're clearly in cahoots with her. She must've bribed you, or maybe Dorsey International did! Get out of my way, all of you! I want her to pay for what she's done!"
Brielle frowned, spotting a glimmer of greed in the depths of Simon's eyes and suspecting he was being manipulated. She ran through the possibilities in her mind but couldn't pinpoint the puppet master. That was until Spencer walked in.
He looked from the officers to Brielle, perplexed. "What's going on here?"
An employee quickly filled him in on the whole story. Spencer sneered inwardly, seeing this as Brielle's comeuppance, his gaze settling on her. "I never thought you'd do something like this."
His words brought an eerie silence to the room, and even the live stream viewership spiked as they speculated about Spencer's role.
When Simon saw Spencer, a glint of cunning flashed in his eyes. He pushed through the crowd and fell to his knees before him. "Mr. Spencer, you must seek justice for my daughter. How can someone like Brielle remain at the company? She must be locked up and face the law. Surely. Dorsey International won't shield someone like her, right?"
Spencer looked up, his eyes brimming with resentment as he let out a cold laugh. "Indeed, a murderer should be behind bars."
11:01
Chapter 368
With Spencer joining the fray, those condemning Brielle grew in numbers. Whispers spread among the onlookers. Spencer's pursuit of Brielle was well-known, but now, in such a short span, he seemed to have turned against her entirely.
Brielle watched Spencer's act with quiet scrutiny, unsettling him with her gaze, as if to suggest she'd never esteemed him, and that she'd aimed for Max from the start, climbing into his bed.
He felt like a stepping stone, used and discarded by this vile woman! Internally, he cursed her a thousand times over, his eyes bloodshot. "Brielle, have you nothing to say?"
In Spencer's mind, Brielle was cornered, with no one to turn to but him. If she asked for help, he wasn't entirely unwilling. He might forgive her indiscretions if she would stay by his side and be a plaything for his whims.
Fate seemed to favor him-Brielle had become embroiled in a murder at such a crucial time.
Brielle lifted her head, cutting through Spencer's sordid thoughts. "Has the police determined I'm a murderer?"
She directed her question at the officers. The officer shook his head, naturally taking over the conversation. "Ms. Brielle, please come with us to give your statement."
Brielle then turned to Spencer, a faint smile on her lips. "Even if you slander me and turn everyone against me, I will never yield to your advances. I don't want a man who cheats so freely. It seems the executive decision to have me take over your position was the right one. A director's role is no place for someone swayed by hearsay, who was unable to separate personal from professional." Her words caused a stir. The live stream chat exploded.
"What's going on? This guy's name is Spencer, Brielle's ex-fiancé, and she took over his position."
"This Spencer guy cheated, and now he's harassing his ex-fiancé, using this incident to isolate her, and forcing her to ask for his help. How devious!"
"Brielle got her position by sleeping her way to the top? Disgusting!"
"Dorsey International is a Dorsey family business. As Spencer's ex, Brielle even took over his role, which means she must have outmaneuvered the Dorsey family's own to get there. How does that translate to sleeping her way to the top?"
###Chapter 369
Chapter 369
Spencer's cheeks flushed with a mix of embarrassment and anger as he felt the weight of everyone's gazes upon him. The calm composure he had walked in with was now a distant.
memory.
"Me, a serial cheater? Why don't you take a good look at yourself?!" His voice was thick with rage, his chest heaving with every breath..
Brielle let out a soft chuckle.
"Spencer, it's all about evidence. There's a video of you and my so-called sister getting cozy floating around. And let's not forget all these lovely witnesses here who can testify that you've been hounding me even after we called off our engagement. If I'm so terrible, why are you so desperate to rewind time with me? Are you blind?"
Spencer was speechless, his fury nearly choking him. He wanted to lash out and question Brielle about her dealings with Max, but the room was too crowded.
He knew if he let slip even a hint of scandal, regardless of proof, Dorsey International would take a hit. And he'd become public enemy number one in Max's eyes.
Hanging onto his last shred of sanity, Spencer clenched his fists by his side, wishing he could throttle Brielle.
That witch.
Damn her!
Noticing his silence, Brielle's lips curled into a slight smile. "You've badmouthed me more times than I can count, Spencer. I used to think you were just immature. Now I see you're just petty and mean-spirited. So, let's cut to the chase and not keep the police waiting for their statement."
Brielle rarely aired her dirty laundry in public, but now she was using it to her advantage-not to condemn Spencer but to shift the focus.
Her lack of grief over Sarah's death wasn't due to cold-heartedness; she had no reason to feel. guilty. As Sarah's boss, Brielle had been lenient despite repeated provocations. She hadn't fired. Sarah or cut her pay. That was mercy enough.
Sarah had maliciously leaked that video, inviting cyberbullying from the oblivious masses. Brielle was the victim here.
Sarah's death, to her, was just the loss of an employee-and not even a pleasant one.
It wasn't callousness; it was simply the truth.
However, this persistent belief that the dead must be honored made her pragmatism seem selfish.
Chapter 369
"People are dead, Brielle, and you're just standing there unaffected. Is there anyone colder than you?" Spencer spat the words out like they left a bad taste in his mouth. Brielle frowned, her disdain for Spencer growing.
"She's gone, and the real question is who's responsible. I'm cooperating with the investigation-that's the most meaningful thing I can do right now. Move aside!"
She brushed past Spencer, not even sparing him a glance.
Spencer watched her go, his face a patchwork of anger and pallor.
At the door, Brielle turned to Simon. "This was the former head of our department. Go bother him if you want scene."
Her voice was indifferent as she addressed the crowd, then made her exit.
The police officer, following her lead, tried to calm the situation. "Currently, there's no evidence pointing to Miss Brielle. The autopsy report will be out soon, so please wait for further investigation." With that, the officer followed Brielle out of the department.
Simon and his group had come for Brielle. They were urged on by someone who had paid them to stir up as much trouble as possible, hoping to drag Dorsey International into the mess.
But Brielle's quick wit had foiled their plan. She remained composed and managed to walk away unscathed.
Feeling the pressure of the ten million he'd been paid for this job, Simon tugged desperately at Spencer's sleeve.
"Mr. Spencer, you've got to back us up. You've seen Brielle's attitude-it's atrocious. We expect Dorsey International to fire her and compensate for my daughter's loss."
A woman joined Simon, clutching at Spencer as if he were her last hope.
Spencer's face darkened instantly. Simon was clearly after money, but Spencer wasn't a fool to throw Dorsey International's funds at him.
With Brielle gone, who was he putting on this show for?
He shrugged off Simon's grasp and frowned at the security guard. "What are you waiting for? Take them to the lobby."
His change in demeanor didn't go unnoticed by the live-stream viewers.
###Chapter 370
Chapter 370
"Can you believe Spencer has a two-faced act going on?"
"I was skeptical when Brielle mentioned it, but seeing is believing. The second Brielle's out of the picture, he turns Into Mr. Ice. Looks like he's got it out for her."
"A guy acting like that? That's just low class."
"Team Brielle all the way. At least she's upfront and genuine. Let's wait for the police to sort
this out.
Spencer was unaware of the live stream capturing his every move. He might have restrained himself had he known.
After instructing security to escort certain individuals out, Spencer cast a chilling glance at the onlookers.
"What's everyone staring at? Don't you have jobs to do?"
They all knew him; he was from the Dorsey family, after all. No one dared to talk back.
The person secretly streaming quickly shut it off, but not before Spencer's sudden switch in demeanor was broadcasted clear as day, cementing his reputation as a total jerk. Meanwhile, Simon and his group were ushered downstairs.
Seeing that Brielle hadn't faced any repercussions yet, Simon grew impatient.
"We'll just wait here in the lobby. There's no way that bitch is getting off scot-free!"
The itch of frustration crawled up his scalp as he eyed the Dorsey International lobby, grand as a palace. His fists clenched with greed.
or
If they could get Dorsey International to pay off this mess, he wouldn't have to worry for the rest
of his life.
Simon didn't spare a thought for his daughter's welfare. In his eyes, she was nothing more than a financial drain, a bad investment that had yet to net a wealthy husband.
The only silver lining was the ten million they landed. Otherwise, raising her would've been a complete waste.
Simon felt a cloud of bad luck looming as they settled into the sofas, determined to corner Brielle again.
No sooner had Simon's rear hit the cushion than his phone buzzed with an anonymous text.
[Keep it up.]
Three short words, but he knew exactly who sent them. His body shook, and without hesitation, he stood up and began shouting throughout the Dorsey International lobby. Chapter 370
"Poor Sarah, you died so tragically. That heartless Brielle just left us high and dry. What kind of world is this?" Simon's wife, Sue, knew the drill. Sensing that their benefactor wasn't satisfied, she joined in the commotion.
Her tears were real; soon enough, a crowd gathered downstairs at Dorsey International.
Journalists smelling a story swooped in for interviews.
Sue was sharper than Simon. She had heeded advice on how to sway public opinion.
She used words like, small-town girl, prestigious university, and the crush of capital.
Each keyword added weight to the public sentiment.
Even as some speculated about the couple's motives, the death of their daughter and their genuine grief couldn't be ignored.
Public opinion once again swayed, and concerned citizens soon converged at Dorsey International's doors, demanding that Brielle be handed over.
Standing in the lobby, Spencer smirked as he heard the angry chants against Brielle.
She deserved it!
Women like Brielle ought to be put in their place!
He stepped into the private elevator with a sneer, only to bump into William.
William, ever the picture of benevolence, patted Spencer on the shoulder.
"Spencer, I hear Brielle's been taken in by the cops?"
Spencer nodded but was caught off guard by William's next question, "Has your Uncle Max said anything?"
The question sent a chill through Spencer's spine.
What was his uncle implying? Did he know about Brielle and Max all along? m
Humiliation bit at Spencer, his teeth nearly grinding to dust.
Seeing how his casual question ignited Spencer's rage, William smiled slyly.
"Spencer, when you talked about marrying Brielle, I wanted to advise you. She's not worth it. Better move on sooner rather than later."
Tasting bitterness, Spencer realized his great-uncle knew of Brielle's affair with Max and was subtly warning him.
How foolish he had been to announce his intention to marry Brielle in front of the Dorsey family. like a clown performing for an uncaring audience. "That woman is definitely not worth it. Rest assured, I'm over her."
2/3
11:01
Chapter 3
Spencer had to make Brielle pay for her betrayal.
William raised an eyebrow, his smile faint yet knowing. Another player like Spencer in the game. would only thicken the plot.
"Max, what will be your next move?"
###Chapter 371
Chapter 371
By the time Brielle was seated in the back of the police cruiser, her mind was a whirlwind of confusion.
Upon arrival at the station, it was revealed to her that Sarah had drowned, and her time of death was at nine, the previous night.
"Miss Brielle," the officer inquired, tapping away at his keyboard, "where were you last night at
nine?"
"At home," she replied.
"Any witnesses to confirm that?"
"There's a security camera at my front door. I didn't leave the house all day."
The officer continued, businesslike, "Who did the victim associate with regularly?
"I'm sorry. I didn't really know her," Brielle admitted.
He gave her a probing look before diligently noting her response.
Brielle furrowed her brow in thought before asking. "Was Sarah's death a suicide, or was it foul play?"
"We'll have to wait for the autopsy results for that."
Brielle's eyes fell. If Sarah's death were ruled a suicide, things would become incredibly complicated for her. The video of her pressuring Sarah to sing was still out there, and the public would surely blame her harassment as a direct cause of the tragedy. Moreover, with no surveillance in the bar from that night and Sarah now gone, no one could corroborate the truth.
She had managed to bluff her way out of Dorsey International earlier that day, mainly because Simon was complicit in something shady-Brielle was certain he had been bribed. Plus, the mysterious message "help me? sent to the group chat, seemed like a desperate move by someone behind the scenes to escalate the situation. It was this very act that suggested to the police and the public that Sarah's death might not have been a mere suicide.
Using this to her advantage, Brielle had confronted Simon, and he had faltered.
But who was pulling the strings from the shadows?
The thought alone was chilling, and a name surfaced in her mind unbidden-William.
William had always lurked in the background and was among the first in the Dorsey clan to learn of her relationship with Max. Yet, he had remained inactive. His silence was unnerving. Brielle's palms were clammy with anxiety-it was just a suspicion.
She had already ruled out Spencer and Ryan. Ryan was too impulsive, as evidenced by his previous threat to poison Max, and his son Spencer was too rash to be behind such a plot.
1/3
11-01
Chapter
Victoria, the Dorsey heiress, had her head in the clouds, far from any power struggle.
Only William remained-a Dorsey family member with deep roots in the company. If he had been monitoring Brielle's movements, he would've been well aware of her recent discord with Sarah. Leaving the police station, Brielle drove back to the company, only to find a crowd gathered outside Dorsey Tower. In the midst of it all was Simon, sitting on the ground, wailing with Sue
in a contest of tears.
Simon's eyes locked onto Brielle's car, and he stood up, pointing an accusing finger. "Murderer!"
The crowd's gaze snapped to her, and Brielle's frown deepened. How did Simon know her car on sight?
It was too late to reverse; the mob was closing in, hurling insults and accusations at her vehicle.
"Get out! You owe this family an explanation!"
"Don't think your money can shield you from justice! How hard it is for an honest farming family to raise a college student?!"
Those who had come for Dorsey International hadn't seen the recent livestream. They all thought Brielle was to blame. Someone even picked up a stone, intending to smash her car window.
"Coward! Witch! Come out!"
Crash!"
The stone shattered the car window in an instant.
Brielle stepped out, her gaze settling on the middle-aged man who had thrown the stone. He shrank back under her stare but then stood his ground, defiant.
"What are you looking at? You killer!"
She couldn't help but smirk at the absurdity. Her eyes drifted to Simon and Sue, who were hiding behind the crowd with smug satisfaction on their faces as if they had won a great victory.
But Brielle stood tall, her posture unyielding. Without hesitation, she dialed the police, "Hello, this is Brielle, the one who just left the station. I'm outside Dorsey Tower, facing a malicious attack. I also intend to press slander charges against Mr. Simon and others. Their defamation against me is actionable. I need police assistance."
When reason met brute force, words often failed.
So, it was time for Brielle to take a stand.
Simon, hearing her call, panicked.
2/3
11:01
Chapter 371
"What the hell? Suing me? On what grounds? It was you who killed my daughter, you monster! Everyone, see for yourself. This is the real face of the Director of Dorsey International. My daughter has barely passed, and she's already threatened us with legal action. She's heartless!"
The crowd's eyes were like daggers, stripping Brielle of her defenses, but she remained steadfast, ready to confront the storm.
###Chapter 372
Chapter 372
The crowd was buzzing with excitement, but Brielle just glanced around with a light chuckle.
"I've just come back from the police station after giving my statement, and I'm more than willing to cooperate with the investigation into this incident. The fact that I'm standing here should be enough to clear me as a suspect. But Simon, despite the police making things. crystal clear, you're still here stirring the pot, trying to twist the narrative. If I don't sue you, then who should I sue?"
Her expression was icy, even mocking.
"Just because you lost your daughter, do I have to stand here and take your slander? Is that what you call having a conscience? Or should the CEO of Dorsey International personally come and apologize to you? Just because you've suffered a loss, does the whole world have to walk on eggshells around you? Simon, the police have already looked into Sarah's financial records since college, and you two never sent her a dime for living expenses. She hadn't been gone three hours before you had her obituary photo ready to go. Even after the police advised you, you still tried to throw mud at me. You and your wife have been spreading rumors and slandering me, and exploiting the sympathy of these people who are here on your behalf."
"If I kept silent, that would be a real disgrace to Dorsey International.
Her words silenced the onlookers.
Nobody was a fool. They'd all rushed over in the heat of the moment, seeking justice.
But the fact that Brielle had been released so quickly from the police station without being detained as a suspect spoke volumes.
And from her tone, it seemed the police had already advised this couple.
So why were they still clinging to Brielle?
Instantly, all eyes turned to Simon and his wife, Sue. Simon turned pale with fear, his lips quivering.
What could he do?
How could he handle this?
He desperately tried to signal to Sue with his eyes, and she, getting the hint, promptly fainted.
Simon began to cry again, cradling the 'unconscious' Sue.
"Oh God! Wake up, honey. We haven't gotten justice for our daughter yet. It's all because we're not educated and not as slick-talking as them. Help! Murder!"
As the situation escalated, it became clear to everyone that Simon was putting on an act...
Just as the crowd began to murmur, Brielle was the first to dial 911. After hanging up, her tone remained calm.
11:01
Chapter 372
"Simon, I'm deeply sorry about what happened to Sarah, but that doesn't give you the right to hurt me. I've called for an ambulance, and I hope your wife will be alright. After all, you still have to take care of Sarah's affairs."
Her voice was detached as she put her phone away and walked towards the building.
The crowd that had been surrounding her parted, giving her a clear path.
Brielle's demeanor was poised and confident, her tone and bearing commanding respect.
No one else approached her, and they instead gathered around Simon, suggesting he wait for the police investigation results.
Simon gritted his teeth, glaring at Brielle's retreating figure. "Damn her!"
Meanwhile, in a black car not too far away, Max watched the scene unfold with a detached
gaze.
Patrick sat in the driver's seat. Max was on the verge of intervening when someone had thrown a rock at Ms. Brielle's car.
The situation would have escalated even further if he had shown his face.
Luckily, Ms. Brielle seemed to notice the car and shook her head, stopping him from getting out and potentially igniting the media.
Patrick glanced in the rearview mirror, only to see Max's face shrouded in a chill.
As the ambulance arrived to take Simon and Sue away and the onlookers dispersed, Max pursed his lips and quietly said, "To the underground garage." Patrick nodded and quickly drove to the designated area.
They took the elevator straight to the top floor.
Max, radiating an icy aura, stepped out of the elevator only to be met by Spencer.
Their eyes clashed in the air.
Spencer felt a surge of anger rush to his head.
Max, however, just gave him a look, asking nothing, not questioning why he was on the top floor instead of his usual department.
His attitude was as if he was seeing a stranger.
The blood boiling within Spencer seemed to freeze over; nothing was more humiliating than being completely disregarded by a rival.
###Chapter 373
Chapter 373
Max slumped into his office chair, the weight of the world seemingly on his shoulders.
Patrick tiptoed behind him. Max was probably steaming mad, fuming at Ms. Brielle for not letting Max get out of the car and at himself for actually listening to her. Max wasn't the type to laugh much on a good day, and when he was mad, hysteria was the last thing you'd see. His eyes just got darker, his presence more hushed.
But the quieter he got, the more danger seemed to linger in the air.
Patrick instinctively tried to make himself as small as possible.
The office fell into a deathly silence, the air thinning with tension.
Buzz.
Max's phone vibrated on the desk. He glanced at it, a text from Brielle.
[Can I try to handle this on my own first?]
The anger in his chest popped like a balloon, but discomfort still simmered. He texted back.
[How long?]
[One week. I can't lean on you for everything.]
He could shield her from the storms, but also smother her from the sunlight.
Brielle's affection had two pillars: submission, where it's intimate, and autonomy, where it's not. Only then could she be a whole person, and only a whole person could love completely. Trying to cure with affection was a sure way to worsen the disease.
This was the truth she had grasped in their brief encounters.
[Don't get hurt.]
Max didn't stop her; he knew Brielle was different.
Her heart warmed, a softness flashing in her eyes, but she quickly forced herself to set aside personal matters and focus on the crisis at hand.
Now that Simon and his wife had gone to the hospital, the online storm hadn't calmed.
If William was orchestrating this from behind the scenes, his real target wasn't her-it was Max.
William wanted to corner her, force Max to act, and then use that as leverage against him. What she needed to do was to grab a hold of William's weak spots.
11:02
But with William being cautious for so many years, it was unlikely he'd slip up easily.
Brielle leaned back, pinching a pen in her fingers. How would she handle this?
Then it clicked. In business, when you're short on leverage and need to close the gap with a rival you either bulk up your own chips or dilute theirs.
And right now, William's chips were Simon and his wife. To dilute that, she had to make those
pawns useless.
A smirk curled Brielle's lips as she dialed Tiffanie.
Her network wasn't as extensive as Tiffanie's, so digging into Simon's background was best
left to Tiffanie.
Tiffanie agreed quickly, and with a promise of a dinner treat, it wasn't long before Simon's dossier was in Brielle's hands.
He was a gambling addict, a materialist, and often abusive to his wife and daughter. And his wife, despite the abuse, clung to this rotten man. Sue came from a well-off family, but Simon's gambling squandered her inheritance.
Even as her world fell apart, Sue never thought of divorce. Now, with their only daughter gone. she still blindly followed the man, demanding compensation for their loss. "Brielle, Simon is drowning in about eight million in debt."
With parents like that, Sarah really was a victim. But Brielle was no saint. The world was full of sorrow, and if you harm others just because you've been harmed, what then? Wicked was wicked, and nobody cared about the abuser's backstory.
"Tiffanie, thank you."
Looked like a hospital visit was in order to meet Simon.
###Chapter 374
Chapter 374
Brielle chose not to drive her own car to the hospital, fearing that her license plate might have been blasted online, turning her vehicle into a target for any fanatic who might take their rage out on the road.
The online world was still abuzz with speculation, and the thought of being rammed by an extremist if they caught wind of her car made her shudder.
Having learned where Simon was hospitalized, Brielle was ready to confront him. But since Sue's collapse was all an act, the two sat idly in the hospital room.
Wary of the media circus waiting for an interview outside, Simon had Sue feign a state of utter distress. It seemed they were trapped in the hospital for the foreseeable future.
Sue sat on the hospital bed, a look of worry crossing her face.
"Honey, do you think we'll really get our hands on a big sum? What if the guy's just pulling our legs?" she voiced her concern.
Simon's response was swift and harsh-a slap across her face.
"We've got ten million in the bank, for heaven's sake! Enough with your nonsense! Get your act together, and don't screw this up," he snapped.
Sue's cheeks reddened as she touched her face, tears welling up. "I'm just scared we won't get the money. You know how ruthless those loan sharks can be. If anything happens to you, I don't want to live either."
Simon sneered. "It's just eight million. We've already got ten, and we'll clear that debt in no time. Dorsey International is loaded. We'll milk them for another ten million easily. Then we can live the high life anywhere."
Sue nodded, her hand instinctively moving to her stomach.
Sarah was gone. At her age, having another child was out of the question.
If Simon left her for a younger woman, what would she do?
She had nothing left but Simon.
Simon saw her deep in thought, and irritation flickered across his face.
"Think I'm going to dump you? You should remember, I didn't turn my nose up at you for having
a daughter. Any other man would have divorced you for bringing in a liability like that."
Sue nodded fervently, remembering her own fear of divorce after giving birth to a girl. But Simon had forgiven her, and she resolved to be unwaveringly loyal to him.
From outside the room, Brielle listened in, and her brow furrowed.
Brielle had thought there might be hope for Sue, but it was clear that even Sue saw having a
14
11:02
daughter as a grave mistake.
The mindset was too ingrained to change; otherwise, Sue wouldn't have neglected Sarah all those years.
Brielle had considered approaching Sue, but now her focus shifted to Simon.
Sue was nothing but an extension of Simon, a classic case of masochism.
Brielle hated to label unhappy wives that way. Relationships like Simon and Sue's were all too common, and society often painted these women as masochists who sought and enjoyed pain. Labeling these self-sacrificing, submissive women as "masochists" was a convenient but damaging shorthand. It excused the abuse, implying that women somehow relished such treatment.
Simon's verbal abuse continued in the background.
"Now that Sarah, the financial drain, is gone, you've got to make me happy somehow after all these years of nothing to show for it.
"Honey, I'll do whatever you want. But can you please stay away from the underground casino?" Before she could finish, another slap landed on her face.
"My business is none of your concern! Even after I pay off the eight million in gambling debts, I'll still have fun there. Stop nagging and focus on how we can bleed Dorsey International dry. Dealing with that bench Brielle won't be easy.
Sue's cheeks were swollen as she bowed her head submissively.
Brielle, who had arrived prepared, knew about Simon's gambling debts. Her phone was already live-streaming anonymously. Since Simon wanted to use online opinion against her, her first move was to undermine his and Sue's victim facade.
The live stream, initially quiet, soon surged with over a thousand viewers. The ongoing scandal had piqued public interest, and they were eager for the latest development.
No one expected Simon to be such a character behind closed doors.
"Now that Brielle is a formidable opponent, shouldn't we take care of Sarah's funeral first?"
"I don't have time for that dead weight now. Pretend to be sick. Our first priority is to drive Brielle to her grave, or both of us will suffer!"
The live stream's audience grew, and discussions erupted.
"How can such a creature even be considered a father?"
"Poor Sarah, cursed with parents like these. We thought they wanted justice for their daughter, but it was all about the money." Chapter 374
"Now that I think about Brielle's words, they're starting to make a lot of sense!"
###Chapter 375
Chapter 375
Simon's phone rang with the shrill urgency of a siren in the sterile hush of the hospital ward.
Brielle, quick as a flash, killed the livestream and made her exit through another corridor.
Simon hit the answer button. A voice, cold and detached, seeped through the speaker.
"Idiot, someone's been streaming from your sickbay."
A chill ran through Simon's spine. He frantically searched the room and even peered outside the door but found no one.
Restlessness took him hostage as he recalled his recent words-had they all been broadcasted live?
Damn it, who could it be?!
By that time, Brielle had already left the hospital. Her stream was anonymous and brief, but the captured moments were already spreading like wildfire online, igniting discussions and debates. Within half an hour, everyone who had been spewing venomous words saw the video. Simon's true, ugly colors were laid bare for all to see.
Brielle hadn't anticipated stumbling upon such a revealing conversation. She thought disarming these two pawns would take more effort, but it turned out to be a windfall.
Monitoring the online chatter, she saw the focus of gossip shift to Simon and Sue, giving her a moment to breathe.
Reaching the curbside, Brielle hailed a cab. Just as she was about to give the driver the address, she saw Simon bursting out of the hospital entrance, speaking frantically on the phone. Too far to hear the words, she simply leaned back and said, "Please take me to Pearl Estate."
Her request was cut short by a violent crash and the collective screams of onlookers.
Her heart skipped a beat. Sitting upright, she witnessed the horror - ?imon, who was just beside the road moments ago, was now a lifeless, bloodied heap..
Brielle's face drained of color. Nurses poured out of the hospital, but it was clear-Simon was beyond help, reduced to nothing more than a bloodstain on the pavement.
A pawn, stripped of its use, held no value to the game.
The screams seemed to echo in Brielle's ears, a tormenting reminder of her throbbing head.
She thought disarming William's pawns would buy her time, b
ut William, ruthless in his strategy, had Simon killed.
A life was as insignificant as a piece of paper in his eyes.
1/3
11:02
Chapter 375
the c
Concerned, glanced at Brielle's pale face. "Miss, are you okay? We're right by at hospital. You look quite pale: maybe you should get checked out. What a tragedy to have an accident right outside a hospital. Looks like a fatality."
"No, please, just drive to Pearl Estate. Thank you," Brielle's voice was hoarse as she spoke, turning to see Sue emerging from the hospital, her cries tearing through the air.
Ironically, this time, Sue's tears were genuine, unlike her performance at Dorsey International. A husband lost was a true cause for grief, but the loss of her daughter Sarah seemed to leave her numb. Closing her eyes, Brielle had to admit, albeit reluctantly, that she was losing this round.
She wasn't like William, who had been steeped in power since birth, to whom the lives of the ordinary meant nothing.
So, Sarah had to die, and so did Simon once he became useless. Simon's death spelled trouble for Brielle. This was William's game.
But Brielle couldn't commit such acts.
Simon was disgusting, but she wasn't God, nor the Grim Reaper; she had no right to decide life or death.
That was why she was losing.
The car drove away, but Sue's screams still pierced the air as if threatening to shatter the heavens.
Brielle was overwhelmed by a sense of despair. The plight of being a small player in a grand game was heavy on her heart. She's fearful of becoming the next Sarah or Simon.
She acutely realized her insignificance.
Arriving at Pearl Estate, she wearily unlocked the door.
Inside, she found Max waiting, a coffee mug in hand. The room was filled with its comforting
aroma.
Brielle's eyes reddened as she moved into his embrace, unable to hold back her emotions.
If she hadn't rendered Simon useless, William wouldn't have acted. Her heart wasn't cold enough, and that's why she felt awful.
Max set the coffee down and began to pat her back softly.
She overheard Max's phone call, presumably to Patrick.
"Wipe Brielle's afternoon surveillance."
uns were
After hanging up, he cradled Brielle's face. Her red and on the verge of tears.
Brielle averted her gaze, biting her lip softly. "Simon's dead."
11:02
Chapter 375
"I know, and you've done all you could," Max reassured her.
Every move Brielle had made was correct, but she had underestimated William's brutality.
A man consumed by power was a madman.
And Brielle, a sane person, could never beat a madman.
###Chapter 376
Chapter 376
Brielle wasn't in the mood for deep thoughts; it was the first time she had witnessed two lives snuffed out because of her.
She needed a moment to breathe, to think about her next move.
Right now, Max's embrace was her sanctuary, and she longed to surrender to a brief respite.
What should she do next?
Would Sue also end up dead if this continued?
Her mind was a whirlwind of chaos. She closed her eyes, forcing herself to rest first.
Max's hand gently stroked her back, his eyes reflecting a chill as he noticed the weariness on her face.
He rose, carefully cradling Brielle in his arms, and laid her down in the bedroom.
The moment Brielle touched the bed, she stirred awake, sensing his presence in the room, and
mumbled, "I want to try again."
Max froze for a second, gazing at her sleeping face, then tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear, murmuring. "Okay." What Brielle didn't know was that since she left the hospital, the place had been swarming with
people.
No one expected Simon to die, and Sue, clutching Simon's mutilated body, wept with a heart-wrenching sorrow.
Those who had condemned Simon online were caught off guard.
One moment, they were decrying Simon as a man unworthy of fatherhood; the next, Simon was dead.
And Sue's grief-stricken wailing tugged at heartstrings.
Public opinion had completely shifted against Simon, but with his death, everyone was at a loss. about what to do next, so they began discussing the accident. Was it a mishap or something more sinister?
Bereft of her anchor, Sue finally let go of Simon's body after much persuasion from the doctors. Her husband was dead, and she saw no reason to live on. They shouldn't have come to claim that money.
Sue sat numbly in the morgue, watching as Simon was zipped into a body bag.
Her phone buzzed with a message.
11-02
Chapter 376
(Are you content to let your husband die in vain? Brielle killed him. She killed your husband and your daughter. Will you let her get away with it?)
When hope was lost, grasping at straws became second nature.
For Sue, that message was her lifeline, the only thing keeping her hope alive.
It was Brielle. Brielle had killed her husband!
Sue's eyes blazed with hatred. Wiping away her tears, she clutched her phone and left the
morgue.
She would seek justice for her husband! Even if it cost her life, she wouldn't hesitate.
She planned to take her own life, then make it seem as if Brielle had driven her to it.
Using her death to sway public opinion seemed like the best strategy.
If her entire family was dead, why should Brielle live in peace?
A cold smile crossed Sue's face as another message popped up on her phone.
[Tell the public that Brielle started the live stream from the hospital, and that Brielle indirectly killed Simon. And with your husband dead, what's the point of you living? Aren't you afraid Simon is lonely down there?]
Sue's limbs become. It wasn't until she stepped out of the hospital that she realized a crowd of reporters was waiting to interview her.
With swollen eyes, she faced the cameras, her mind echoing the text message, and she began
to recount.
"It's Brielle's fault, all of it. She wants us all dead."
"Poor Sarah, you died so tragically."
"Even if Simon was at fault, Brielle had no right to play God. Brielle, you bitch, I will never forgive you," she sobbed.
At the end of the day, everything stemmed from the conflict between Brielle and Sarah. It was understandable that Sue blamed Brielle, especially since she had lost her husband and daughter. After delivering her speech, Sue stumbled into a nearby taxi.
The reporters didn't follow, but the interview was already live-streaming online.
The internet was ablaze with outrage, calling for Brielle's head.
It was her actions that led to the ruin of Sue's family.
And the unsavory truths about Simon that had been revealed were now conveniently forgotten.
In a nutshell, the man was dead. What more could be done? Surely, it was all Brielle's fault.
2/3
11:02
Chapter 376
Brielle was a light sleeper, and she woke up rubbing her temples.
Once she had gathered her wits, she threw off the covers and got out of bed.
The voices of Max and Patrick conversing drifted from the living room. Max looked up to see her, hair disheveled, her face delicate but her expression resolute as she turned to Patrick. "Patrick, can we have Sue taken to the police station? It needs to be done quickly. I fear she might be coaxed into suicide, then have everything pinned on me."
She had overheard enough at the hospital to know how much Sue idolized her husband.
Sue's sense of self was not intact; she had invested everything in Simon. With Simon gone, she, too, would crumble.
If someone exploited this vulnerability, she would gladly surrender her life.
###Chapter 377
Chapter 377
Patrick bowed respectfully, "Ms. Brielle, the boss thought the same, so he's already had Sue
sent over.
Brielle heaved a sigh of relief and poured herself a glass of water, b
ut as she held the glass, she did not take a sip.
The situation had developed into a seeming impasse.
The tactic of diluting William's leverage was useless.
Everything had to revert to square one. She had to prove that it wasn't her who had oppressed Sarah. Only then could she extricate herself from this web of troubles.
However, there were no security cameras at the restaurant at the time.
Brielle was not just unwilling to accept this. She was even disgusted by William's dirty tactics.
Using the lives of pawns to coerce them to achieve his ends was despicable.
In the face of absolute power, Brielle felt an unprecedented sense of powerlessness.
A pair of cool hands reached out, gently touching her temples..
His voice whispered in her ear, "I'll help you."
Brielle's heart skipped a beat. Truth be told, she didn't know how Max could help.
Being led by the nose by William had frayed her nerves, yet she still wanted to try on her own.
"I want to talk to Sue."
Max frowned, clearly disagreeing with her decision.
Sue was now a madwoman, someone who didn't even care about her own life, let alone someone else's.
If Brielle showed up in front of her, she'd probably want to stab her with all her might.
"I won't allow it."
Max's tone was indifferent, his hand retracting as if he didn't want to discuss it further.
Brielle smiled and quickly offered him a glass of water.
Max didn't take it; such small favors were of no use to him.
"Mr. Dorsey?" -
Brielle softened her voice, and Max glanced at her before reluctantly accepting the glass. "You could be in danger."
"Not at the station. I'll talk to her at the police station."
11:02
Chapter 377
Max's frown softened slightly.
He knew Brielle wanted to exhaust her own efforts first, but he was still uncomfortable.
Brielle looked at him and finally leaned in, planting a kiss on his lips. "Mr. Dorsey, may 1?"
All the pent-up frustration vanished in an instant. Max looked up at her, then averted his gaze, this time answering more readily.
"Mm-hm."
Patrick stood quietly on the side, clutching files, watching as his boss was swayed by a feathery kiss.
Brielle breathed easier, wanting to see Sue right away, but as she stood up, a wave of dizziness hit her.
She hadn't eaten much and was feeling a bit hypoglycemic.
Patrick tactfully looked down. "Ms. Brielle, sir, dinner is just outside the door. I'll bring it in
now."
Brielle had been asleep earlier, and Max hadn't eaten either. Patrick hurriedly pushed in the dinner cart.
Brielle nodded, reaching into a drawer for a white bottle and downing two pills before attempting to put them in her mouth, b
ut Max grasped her wrist, his eyes darkening as he looked at the white bottle in her hand.
He was all too familiar with that bottle, so much so that the memory still stung like a venomous
bite.
Brielle paused, looking down at him in confusion. "What's wrong?"
She was unaware that Max had learned of her dealings with Ryan, even witnessing her replace the contents of the bottle with vitamins. That bottle was something Max knew all too well.
"Brielle, you-"
Brielle smiled, "I've been feeling a bit off these past few days, just taking some vitamins to boost my health."
She had intended to throw away the bottle but thought it was just vitamins, so there was no harm in keeping it.
Vitamins?
Max's grip slowly relaxed, watching as Brielle swallowed the pills.
She tucked the bottle back into the far corner of the drawer, her tone casual.
"You know, there's something I never told you. Ryan had come to me with a proposition, asking
2/3
11:02
Chapter 377
me to poison you. I switched out the contents of the bottle with vitamins. Be careful of him. He and William would love nothing more than to see you in trouble." As soon as she finished speaking, Max pulled her into his arms.
"Vitamins?"
His voice carried a hint of relief, his chin resting on her shoulder, his eyes reflecting a soft
glimmer.
"Yeah, what else could it be?"
Brielle didn't dwell on it, and she certainly didn't imagine that Max had seen that moment.
Max leaned his forehead against her shoulder, chuckling softly, "I thought-"
It doesn't matter now. Even if it were something else, it would be fine.
###Chapter 378
Chapter 378
Brielle popped the last of her vitamins and chuckled to herself as she saw that Patrick had already made himself scarce, like a good little ghost..
Patrick was like a shadowy guardian straight out of medieval times, always there but never
seen.
She reached for a couple of bowls, eyes widening a bit as she took in the spread of five dishes. on the dinner table. She swallowed hard in anticipation. Max was in a good mood, and it only got better when he noticed Brielle serving him a bowl of soup. A smile curled at the edge of his lips. Brielle sat down across from him and, struck by a sudden thought, looked up to ask, "So, what's the deal with William and Ryan? Are they tight?" "In the Dorsey clan, no one's really buddy-buddy with anyone."
"I was thinking, if both Ryan and William are gunning for you, maybe we could play Ryan to trip up William?"
Just to throw William off his game for a bit and shift his focus
Munching thoughtfully, Brielle quickly sorted through the options in her mind. After a moment, she looked up again.
"Didn't William get saddled with that Kingston Enterprises project? It's a decent-sized deal, right? Has the contract been signed already?"
Max, ever the attentive partner, served her some more food, piling her plate high. "Eat first."
With no other choice, Brielle bent her head and took a few bites, though her mind was
elsewhere.
Max chuckled, knowing she wouldn't be at peace until this was sorted out. "The contract's still up in the air, but the paperwork with Book is all done."
Brielle nodded, her earlier words to Noah apparently having an effect. With the Kingston heir stirring up trouble, any partnership with Kingston Enterprises was bound to bring headaches to Dorsey International.
William hadn't sealed the deal yet, and Ryan had always been itching to get back into the Dorsey fold. Maybe it was time for Ryan to take this chance to sabotage William in front of Michael. After all, what William feared most after years of treading carefully in the Dorsey family wast Michael's disappointment.
William playing hardball with the Kingston deal was already taking a toll on Dorsey International's reputation.
11:03
Brielle frowned, feeling that it wasn't William's usual style. If he knew partnering with Kingston Enterprises was risky, why keep them on the hook?
Maybe Kingston had something he could exploit.
What mattered most to Bradley and Catherine? Their beloved son.
Controlling their son meant controlling Kingston Enterprises.
Setting down her bowl, Brielle quickly called Tiffanie, only to find out the Kingston heir had been missing for days.
No wonder Kingston Enterprises hadn't made a fuss over the stalled contract-they were too busy looking for their missing son.
William was probably on the hunt, too. He wanted Kingston Enterprises for himself!
While stirring trouble for Max to keep him in check, William was also expanding his own. influence.
Brielle's eyes turned icy. Besides needing to talk to Sue soon, she had to find the Kingston heir before William did.
If William got to him first, he'd be able to manipulate Kingston Enterprises at will.
Although she wasn't fond of Bradley or Catherine, Kingston Enterprises was a power player, having carved out its own path to partner with Dorsey International.
If William got control, it would be a latent threat to Max.
She couldn't help but glance over at Max, who was calmly reviewing some documents on the couch as if the world's troubles didn't concern him
The dinner remnants had been cleared, the room now belonging to just the two of them.
Sensing her gaze, Max patted the space beside him with a quiet. "Come here."
Like a magnet, Brielle found herself drawn to his side.
She never denied the pull she felt towards Max, nor the desire that crackled between them.
Initially, her entanglement with Max wasn't just about revenge against the Dorseys-it was the lure of Max himself. His voice, his touch, every inch of him was perfection.
In his presence, even the strongest resolve melted into a bashful blush.
Brielle was forthright. Once she knew this wasn't a one-woman show, she hid none of her thoughts or feelings.
Now, as the room lights dimmed, and the night grew bold and inviting, she was free from the worries of public scrutiny, forgetting all else.
Freed from the constraints of daylight decorum, the taboos she diligently observed were the
2/3
11:03
Chapter 378
very ones she yearned to break in the dark.
In this Intimate space, she could safely indulge in the forbidden pleasures that Max offered.
###Chapter 379
Chapter 379
Max laid the documents aside, turned Brielle's head towards him, and planted a tender kiss on her lips.
Brielle couldn't help but blush, smitten with the way Max took control at times like this.
Even his passionate kisses and embraces, laden with desire, made her feel irresistibly sexy and ratcheted up her nervous excitement. It was as if he was so eager for her that he couldn't keep himself in check.
She delighted in his loss of control, so she reveled in the sense of abandonment that came with being dominated.
Max pulled her into his arms, seeing the fleeting haze in her eyes, a stark contrast to her usual sharp analysis.
He adored this submissive side of Brielle before him. It made him all the more reckless.
It seemed he was leading this flirtatious dance, but in reality, he was firmly in her grasp.
Max held her close, letting her sit on his lap as his fingers deftly unfastened a few buttons of
her shirt.
Brielle's heart pounded, yet she didn't stop him.
The emotion on Max's face and the heat in his eyes gave her immense satisfaction.
She had known from the start that, in some ways, she and Max were alike; they both had strong exteriors, with Max being stronger than most.
However, if one were to apply all the strict modern social concepts, like the desire for equality. seeking consensus, compromise, fairness, and mutual tolerance, to the intimacy of the bedroom, it would make such closeness dreadfully dull.
He excelled at being in control, and she willingly surrendered it, only to see him unravel.
His obsession with her, his addiction, was more effective than any sweet talk..
Max was mindful of her recent fatigue and didn't go further. After more kisses, he finally released her.
Brielle, catching her breath on his shoulder, felt their breath intertwine in the dimly lit room. fostering an intimate entanglement.
After a while, as her breath steadied, she swallowed and reached for her coat.
"I'm heading to the police station."
Max closed his eyes, her bewitching expression still etched in his mind.
"Don't get hurt."
1/3
11:03
Brielle's lips curled slightly, nodding. "Don't bother sending Patrick with me. Everyone's eyes are on me now. If they drag you into this, William will have succeeded." Max didn't care about William; no one was a match for Max.
Brielle took a few steps, then turned back. "But you could help me find out where that young master of Kingston Enterprises is,"
Hearing there was something he could do, Max's mood visibly improved.
Good, she was at least trying to rely on him.
After Brielle left Pearl Estate, she made her way directly to the police station.
There, Sue was already detained. Her late-night purchase of a carving knife had been discovered, and the officers didn't dare let their guard down.
Sue was ranting incessantly, cursing Brielle.
"Bitch go to hell. It's all because of you. It's all your fault."
"My love, my heart breaks for you."
"Brielle, why doesn't heaven take you instead?"
As she railed, Sue began to bang her head against the wall.
When Brielle was led in, this was the scene that greeted her.
"Sue?"
At the sound of her name, Sue stiffened, turning incredulously to see Brielle at the doorway. She screamed and lunged at her.
With a deft move. Brielle pinned her to the ground.
Sue struggled briefly. Her eyes were bloodshot, and her mouth was smeared with blood.
"Brielle, you've destroyed everything for me! You ruined it all!!"
Brielle held her down until she was sure Sue had no fight left, then slowly let her up.
Sue lay on the ground, gasping, then covered her face with her hands and began to sob loudly.
She was clearly venting, and Brielle said nothing. She just watched Sue cry.
After half an hour, Sue looked up with swollen eyes. "I will kill you!"
"And then what?" Brielle sat on a nearby chair, her expression cool.
"Sue, I've seen your file. You graduated from a prestigious university, while Simon didn't even finish elementary school. Your parents strongly opposed your relationship to the point of falling ill. Not only did you not break up with Simon, but you also sold your family's property behind their backs to support his gambling addiction. Was it really me who ruined you, or did you ruin yourself? Or perhaps it was the person who introduced you to Simon?"
2/3
11:03
"Briellel Shut up! You're just trying to confuse me."
Brielle raised an eyebrow, amused.
"Sue. I just want to talk. I hope you can put aside your bias for a moment and think about who you were doing when your parents passed away?"
Sue didn't want to think, or rather, forced herself not to.
After selling her family's possessions, her parents' conditions worsened, and they died of grief.
As an only child, she was left an orphan in an instant, and relatives shunned her as bad luck, severing ties.
Only Simon didn't despise her.
###Chapter 380
Chapter 380
Brielle approached the silent woman, crouching down to meet her gaze eye-to-eye.
"Let's not beat around the bush. Have you ever genuinely cared about your daughter?"
Sue's pupils shrank sharply as she stumbled backward.
"Why should I care about that trash?! Don't you know she was fooling around with boys outside of school when she was just in middle school? She's younger than me, prettier than me. What if she fell for Simon? Several times, I've felt Simon's gaze on her was just not right."
Brielle could no longer contain her anger, and her hand flew across Sue's face in a swift slap.
She hated resorting to violence against another woman, but Sue's morals were rotten to the core. How could someone who had attended a proper university turn into what she was now?
Sue was stunned by the slap, and after regaining her senses, she began to scream towards the door.
"Murder! Brielle's committing murder! Help, someone! Brielle is trying to kill someone at the police station!"
The police arrived promptly, their brows furrowed in question. "What's going on here?"
Sue's hair was disheveled as she pointed accusingly at Brielle.
"She's trying to kill me! Arrest her, that bitch! She even hit me right in front of you, showing no respect for the law."
The imprint of Brielle's fingers was still visible on Sue's cheek from the force of the slap, b
ut her frantic behavior made it almost seem as if Sue could have slapped herself.
Brielle smiled at the officers. "I'll be done in ten minutes."
"Ms. Brielle, please refrain from violence. Such actions are illegal within the precinct."
Brielle remained silent, noticing Sue's smug look.
When the police had left, Brielle took a deep breath.
I
"Sue, I'm only going to say this and after that, I won't bother with you again. Whether you
live or die is of no concern to me."
"You think it was me who ruined you, but your miserable life began when you met Simon. Right from the start, he was planning to control you by belittling you in every aspect - your family. your education, your job. And you, amidst all this belittling, began to doubt yourself. Simon took advantage of this, elevating his status in your heart. The more you depended on him, the higher. his pedestal became, and the more willing you were to sacrifice everything for him. It's a vicious cycle. Without him, you feel you have nothing.
1/2
11:03
Chapter 380
"When you first met Simon, you must have sensed something off about him. He had no decent job, no education, enjoyed gambling, and was full of lies. The thrill you felt with him wasn't love; after all, you never fell for any of the well-bred, eligible bachelors at university. Your
feelings for Simon were born from a savior complex, believing that your care could heal all his
life's wounds, thinking that your willingness to give would inspire him to reach his potential and become a successful, responsible man.
"You even thought your love could change Simon, and that belief acted like a drug, making you feel like a goddess, a nurturing mother earth, a miraculous healer. Whether Simon's issue was poverty or gambling, with your support, help, and sacrifice, you created a powerful illusion for yourself. Plus, there was a sense of heroism, that by saving a man, you appeared nobler. To put it bluntly, you are selfish. Is all this sacrifice really worth it?
"Sue, that's all I'm going to say to you."
Brielle picked up her bag, casting a final indifferent glance at the woman sitting dazed on the floor.
"Simon wasn't killed by me; he was killed by the same person who's been pulling the strings behind the scenes, making you come after me. Even Sarah was a victim of his designs. You continue to target me, but to him, you're just a disposable pawn, a means to an end."
Brielle had no interest in saving someone beyond hope.
The addiction to love, like alcoholism or gambling, offered Sue an unparalleled high. For that high, she'd endure any abuse, a dependency that left her a shell of her former self.
And what of Simon? A man like him who no girls would fall for was undeserving of a girl who had been so well-protected. Her seeing him as the be-all and end-all of her life was ludicrous.
Brielle had no desire to play savior to a stranger.
Just as she was about to step through the door, Sue's voice stopped her, "Who is it?"
Brielle turned to see Sue standing up, her cheek still marked by the slap, hoarsely asking. "Who's behind all of this?"
###Chapter 381
Chapter 381
Brielle couldn't help but doubt the sincerity of the woman before her. After years of blind devotion, how could she suddenly see the light?
Was Sue just probing her?
Before Brielle could respond, Sue continued to mutter to herself.
"It's all my fault. I've ruined everything, my parents, Sarah... I kept thinking Simon would change. for the better. I've invested so much. Quitting now would be like abandoning everything I've worked for, right?"
A flicker of understanding crossed Brielle's eyes. Staying with a guy like Simon was like playing the slots in Vegas. Once you started, you couldn't pull yourself away because you were convinced that the next pull might be the jackpot. That tantalizing taste of victory was addictive, and the rollercoaster ride of highs and lows was overwhelmingly disorienting.
So, of course, Sue wouldn't snap out of it that quickly. Others must have warned her about Simon before.
Her current confession was nothing more than a test for Brielle. But at least, Brielle thought, Sue was starting to think for herself.
"Sue, after you leave the precinct, check this place out," Brielle said, handing her a scrap of
paper.
Sue instinctively stepped back, her guard up. She clearly didn't trust Brielle.
Brielle had no patience for further talk. She tossed the note and walked away.
The address on the paper made Sue's pupils shrink. It was the house she had sold off long ago, a place she hadn't returned to since. What was Brielle implying?
Seeing the confusion etched on Sue's face, Brielle offered a reminder, "Aren't you curious to see who ended up with the house you sold for a song?"
Sue clutched the paper, her heart pounding. Brielle wouldn't share this address without reason. "The cousin who introduced you to Simon, wasn't she the one who came from the countryside. seeking your help? She got your house for a steal and now has found herself a decent guy. She's living the dream with a perfect little family."
That cousin, just like Simon, was uneducated. In her cousin's eyes, Sue didn't deserve her city life or her college degree. She wanted to ruin Sue, so she set her up with Simon.
And Sue played right into her hands. Her life was shattered by Simon.
Sue collapsed, her mind buzzing, tears flowing like a faucet left open. Sue's face turned pale,
Chapter 381
her mind buzzing. Her legs gave out, and she knelt on the ground.
She didn't have the heart to ponder over Brielle's intentions now. The fact that Brielle got the guts to give her this address showed that it had been verified.
The happier her cousin led her life, the more it proved how successful her scheme was back. then, and how much of a failure Sueu was.
She collapsed on the ground, trembling all over. This was ten thousand times more painful than losing Simon.
After several minutes of silent weeping, she took a deep breath. She had planned to feign trust in Brielle, to see what this smooth-talking woman was up to. She hadn't expected Brielle to drop such a bombshell.
"Brielle, you see me crying. Do you think I'm putting on an act? Do you find me disgusting?"
"Not at all. But maybe you should cry at your parents' graves. They'd find peace knowing you cared," Brielle said coolly, having done her part regardless of Sue's trust.
Brielle never believed in Sue anyway. Just like Max said, someone who didn't care about their own life was capable of anything.
Despair etched Sue's face. "I still can't let go of Simon. I know it's my fault, my just deserts. I loathe myself for it, yet I can't stop arranging everything for him. I can't visit my parents' grave. The last thing I want is to make those who plotted everything pay, to at least avenge Sarah."
She was no qualified mother.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, gauging the truth in her words. Whether true or false, it was no longer Brielle's concern. She was no saint.
"That person is too powerful for you to touch," Brielle said.
Sue looked up, determination in her eyes. "Just tell me who it is."
###Chapter 382
Chapter 382
"William Dorsey, a board member at Dorsey International."
The name etched itself into Sue's memory before she bowed her head.
"I'm sorry, I can't stand up for you online. The court of public opinion is fierce. Even if I spoke up now and said none of this mess has anything to do with you, people would only think I'm under your thumb and that I'm speaking out because you coerced me."
Brielle could finally breathe a sigh of relief. When Sue wasn't being headstrong, at least her intellect was on point.
"I never expected you to clear my name. You speaking up for me would only make people more suspicious. But aren't you worried that I might have bullied your daughter?"
Sue looked down, her gaze empty and hollow.
"The first time I met you, I didn't think you were capable of that. In fact, I regret going to Dorsey International with Simon. If he hadn't been so greedy, he wouldn't have ended up dead."
She took a deep breath, her eyelashes quivering. "Someone has been sending texts, instructing us what to do. But whoever it is, they're high up and untouchable. That number can't be traced." "Sue, I don't need you to do anything. Just don't harm yourself and pin it all on me."
Brielle cut her off, not wanting to linger.
Sue was stunned, then a wave of fear washed over her, and she gave a bitter smile.
"That's exactly what they told me to do. My life is worthless anyway."
"No one on this earth has the right to determine our worth, whether we think we're valuable or not."
After those words, Brielle walked away.
She was frustrated with Sue's state over the years. As a fellow woman, it pained her to see another suffer so.
But who was to blame?
Society always preached a lesson to women-that being compliant and undervalued would earn them praise or reward, like being the perfect daughter-in-law or the exemplary wife. However, the very education that taught women to be gentle and understanding was the root of their suffering.
Sue was indeed unfortunate, a misfortune seeded by her parents' insistence that she be sensible and always heed her partner's word.
Exhausted, Brielle got in her car and headed home.
Chapter 382
By the time she arrived at Pearl Estate, it was eleven at night.
Max was gone, but he'd left a note at the entrance-called away to a meeting, get some rest.
She felt a wave of loneliness but was too tired to dwell on it. After freshening up, she collapsed into bed.
She slept soundly until one in the morning, when her phone pinged with a new message.
[Ms. Brielle, we've located the young master of Kingston Enterprises at an underground casino.]
Brielle recalled Simon mentioning such a place. Could it be the same one?
But Patrick only said the young man was found, implying he couldn't be taken out.
The enigma behind the casino was too great for William to navigate, and Brielle couldn't get Daniel out.
Daniel was Catherine's son, the young heir to Kingston Enterprises.
It seemed the little lord had stirred up trouble at the tables, but as long as William couldn't find him, it was fine.
Brielle finally relaxed, closed her eyes, and fell back asleep.
When she woke, she immediately checked the news.
The scandal continued to brew, and her colleagues had messaged her advising her not to come to work. Reporters swarmed the place, waiting for a scoop on Brielle, the person of interest. With work off the table, she considered visiting this so-called casino.
Before she could settle on a plan, Tiffanie called.
"Brielle, that casino where Simon racked up his debts is quite the hotspot. A bunch of my friends hang out there. Want to check it out?" "Sure, let's do it."
Brielle and Tiffanie arranged to meet that evening, and in the meantime, Brielle kept a close eye
on the online narrative.
Without Sue fanning the flames, the one-sided attacks weren't as prevalent. People were more focused on the car crash.
The police had taken over the investigation and promised to disclose their findings as soon as they had answers.
Two hours later, Sarah's death certificate was released. It was ruled a suicide.
Brielle wasn't surprised. With William's influence, there was no chance he'd leave behind evidence of foul play.
Only if Sarah's death was deemed a suicide would the public pressure crush Brielle. 11:04
Chapter 382
The "help me" message left in the group chat was William's most significant blunder.
Rubbing her temples, Brielle realized that now the police had announced Sarah's cause of death, she had to brace herself for the public's scrutiny. The online world erupted in an instant.
###Chapter 383
Chapter 383
"It was suicide, so she really was driven to it by her boss."
"Brielle's got some explaining to do now. If it wasn't for her treatment of Sarah, Sarah wouldn't have died, Simon wouldn't have ended up at Dorsey International, wouldn't have gone to the hospital, and wouldn't have died."
"Brielle is truly a piece of work."
But then some folks started wondering about the current state of a certain Sue. After all, shet was the only one left alive in this whole mess.
Especially since Sue wasn't looking too hot when she stormed out of the hospital yesterday. ranting about getting back at Brielle. Where was she now?
Right now, Sue was still at the police station, shell-shocked from Brielle's words the day before, and still struggling to snap out of it.
She didn't want to believe Brielle, not for a second, even going so far as to have the cops.
confirm the current owner of that house.
Turned out, it was indeed owned by her cousin.
What a
a laughable world this was, and what had she been doing all these years?
Her family had taken in her cousin and others from the countryside, hoping to give them a better life. But those people turned out to be wolves in sheep's clothing.
Sue was young back then, with not much sense to speak of. She always thought her cousin was looking out for her best interests.m
So, when her cousin introduced her to Simon - a man Sue thought was beneath her she still agreed to give it a shot.
Her first time with Simon was a blur, a drunken mistake, and her cousin was right there, feeding
her lines.
"Once you've lost your purity, you're cheap, and you're damaged goods. If anyone finds out, not
decent man will have you."
"Sue, you sure don't want your parents to know you've been fooling around with a man, especially one who's not your boyfriend. Simon's actually a decent guy: you should focus on his good attributes." And so, she
was persuaded.
After that, Sue couldn't understand why her mental state was declining and why she became so forgetful.
Sitting in the police station lobby, she watched a cop approach slowly, handing her a new note.
"Ms. Brielle left this for you before she left," the officer said. "Hopes it might help you.
somehow."
Sue had no love lost for Brielle, but she took the note anyway.
The message was simple:
"Sue, your cousin and Simon were an item back in the countryside. All the money you spent on Simon was actually for her. I think I figured out how Simon's been manipulating you. Ever heard of gaslighting? A man hides his woman's jewelry to make her think she's lost it or removes something from the house and blames her. These acts make the woman doubt her sanity. gradually destroying her mind."
Sue felt like she'd been struck by lightning, the last bit of color draining from her face.
After getting together with Simon, she felt like she was losing her memory and growing more and more insecure.
But now Brielle was suggesting it was all Simon's ploy to control her.
Her lips trembled as she looked up, pleading with the police to investigate her cousin and Simon's past in the countryside.
As a key person of interest, the police had to stabilize Sue's emotions, so they actually did look
into it.
The results confirmed Brielle's words. Sue's cousin and Simon were a pair in the countryside.
After all the twists and turns, it turned out Sue was the biggest fool of them all.
All sense of reason collapsed in an instant, and Sue wanted to smash everything, to slice Simon's corpse piece by piece to satiate her vengeance.
What had she done?
For this man, she had caused her parents' death and alienated her daughter. What had she done?
She was desperate for revenge, wishing to destroy everything, b
ut the shock was so great that she soon calmed down.
If Simon's body was before her, could she really bring herself to destroy it?
She was thoroughly tamed, instinctively considering everything for Simon.
Sue blinked away her despair, at least wanting to avenge her daughter.
She quickly formulated a plan.
If those behind the scenes wanted her to go after Brielle, her not doing so would surely make them anxious. Chapter 383
With the public against Brielle now, taking a stand to condemn her would serve their purpose, b
ut if Sue held back, surely, they would try to provoke her further.
Her gaze clouded, and she lifted her head to the officer beside her. "I'd like Brielle's phone number."
The cop sighed, thinking she still wanted revenge on Brielle.
"I hope you can keep a cool head. Don't end up throwing away your life, too."
Sue dropped her gaze. "I'm not after trouble. I just want to discuss something with her."
She might not have cared for her own life, but she couldn't let the real villains go free. The officer passed Brielle's contact number to her.
###Chapter 384
Chapter 384
Sue sat stiffly in the police station all afternoon. Her cell phone suddenly rang to life. She turned to the officer beside her and said, "I wish someone would tap my phone."
Currently, she was a victim, so the police obliged.
Once Sue was certain her call was being monitored, she pressed the answer button.
A sinister voice came from the other end.
"Now's the time to crush Brielle with public opinion. What are you up to? Don't you want to avenge your husband?"
The officer listening to the call looked up at Sue in surprise, b
ut Sue appeared indifferent, replying with vulnerability in her voice.
"Even if Brielle dies, my husband won't come back."
"At least you can make the person responsible pay, right? I've already given you my advice. If you commit suicide and blame everything on Brielle, she won't be able to shake this off. Now is the best time." There seemed to be some noise in the background of the man's location, and then the call was abruptly cut off.
The man, visibly annoyed, turned to look at the calm William seated nearby.
"Dad, if Sue doesn't pin this on Brielle at this critical moment, are all our efforts for nothing?"
William held a mug of coffee, appearing confident.
"Don't worry. I've sent someone to retrieve the hospital security footage. As long as Brielle was near Simon during the time of his death, even if she didn't hit him, she won't escape public association with the incident."
A smirk of self-satisfaction crossed William's face, confident the investigator would return soon with the footage.
Just as he thought this, the living room door opened, and his bodyguard walked in respectfully.
Seeing the bodyguard's grim expression, William's brow furrowed. "Where's the footage?"
The bodyguard hastily bowed his head. "We've reviewed the surveillance, sir. We found no evidence of Ms. Brielle being in the hospital at the time or even around the vicinity."
"How is that possible!"
William crushed the coffee mug in his hand.
Someone had tipped him off this morning that Brielle was at the hospital. It was just bad luck that she happened upon the scene of Simon's death. Publicizing the footage would have made
it impossible for Brielle to clear her name; she would be branded with shame for life.
But now, the bodyguard was telling him there was no sign of Brielle.
Could the tip have been a mistake?
Cold fury flashed in William's eyes. "Are you certain the surveillance wasn't tampered with?
The bodyguard, trained professionally for such tasks, shook his head. "The footage has been deliberately edited."
William's face turned pale with anger. Someone had beaten him to the punch.
Could it have been Max?
William felt a wave of humiliation as if his every move was controlled by his adversary.
He took a deep breath and turned to the young man beside him.
"Keep pressuring Sue. I want her to drag Dorsey International through the mud!"
Damn it, he had to outmaneuver Max!
Meanwhile, Sue, looking at her disconnected phone, slowly looked up.
"I suspect my daughter was murdered, and it was made to look like a suicide. I want the police to reopen the investigation and check on the person who's been calling me. From the start, this person has been manipulating my husband and gave us ten million dollars. The transfer is recorded, though it might be from an overseas account. All signs indicate this isn't an ordinary incident."
Ten million was not an amount a regular person could produce.
The police officer, taking no chances, quickly inquired, "Is there a record of the transaction on your husband's phone?"
Sue nodded. "I can provide that."
The officer acted swiftly and, with the transaction evidence in hand, released a new statement to the public.
It suggested that Sue, the family member of the deceased, was asking for a fresh investigation, claiming she had been threatened. She and her late husband, Simon, had initially targeted Dorsey International because Simon was in debt. He owed eight million to a loan shark. The person behind the scenes gave them ten million, aiming to implicate Dorsey International
The detailed transfer records were made available by the authorities.
Since Simon's conversation with Sue in the hospital had been broadcasted live, everyone knew about his eight-million-dollar debt. However, the ten million was overlooked.
Who gave ten million to Simon? What were their intentions?
Could it be a competitor of Dorsey International?
11:05
Chapter 384
Public rage towards Brielle began to subside, and the focus shifted instantly. This was no ordinary case of a superior causing the death of a subordinate-it was possibly a ploy by a business rival of Dorsey International.
Which average
family could just transfer ten million dollars? Not to mention, Sue herself claimed she faced a death threat, with the perpetrator wanting to bring down Dorsey International, or else they wouldn't let her off. Speculations arose that Sue must have sought police protection to dare to speak the truth.
And the police delivered on public expectations by releasing the audio of the recent phone call, confirming the authenticity of its content.
###Chapter 385
Chapter 385
A storm was brewing, and public opinion had reached a new crescendo.
"So it's all been orchestrated by someone else, someone who just wants to stir the pot and drag Dorsey International through the mud."
"Must be a business rival. A wire transfer record for ten million can't be faked. Whoever is behind this has deep pockets, clearly not your average Joe."
"Looks like Brielle's caught a bad break. There were already people from Dorsey International stepping forward, claiming that the video was edited, that Sarah herself had been repeatedly hassling her boss." "Just wait and see. The police will uncover the truth."
Brielle thought she'd be plagued by rumors for a while longer, but Sue had brought the
mastermind into the spotlight in an unexpected way.
William looked down on these pawns, thinking he could play god with their fates.
However, those who underestimated the human spirit would ultimately be defeated by it. Sue's counterstrike was bound to throw William into a panic.
William probably never expected Sue to do this, considering how much she cared for Simon. If she let slip about the ten million dollar issue, even if Simon were dead, he'd be scorned posthumously. Sue loved Simon dearly: how could she bear to see the man she loved maligned?
William underestimated a woman's resolve.
The most loving could also be the most ruthless.
Human nature was forever a mystery, inscrutable, impenetrable, and unverifiable.
Now that the whole affair had been linked to a corporate conspiracy, to a puppeteer pulling the strings, Brielle was also just a pawn used to take down Dorsey International. Harassing her was pointless. Moreover, Brielle had to admit that once Sue had her epiphany, her smarts were impressive. She had managed to elevate the situation with the police, not pointing to the puppeteer as someone trying to destroy Brielle but as someone trying to sink Dorsey International. Thus, Brielle's role in the affair was diminished, and the public saw her merely as a pawn.
Her phone buzzed with a text from Sue..
[I still despise you, but I will fight this shadowy figure to the bitter end.]
Brielle was reflective. Until yesterday, she thought Sue was beyond help.
Turned out, once a woman broke free from the so-called bonds of love, she could become quite
1/3
11:05
Chapter 385
astute.
It's too bad Sue had her awakening a bit too late..
Brielle was genuinely grateful though. Sue's actions had finally shifted the online vitriol away from her.
She no longer had to worry about being mobbed when she stepped outside, or about the judgment in others' eyes.
A colleague called her, saying the reporters swarming Dorsey International had dispersed, now hot on Sue's trail.
But Sue was safe and sound in the police station, beyond the reach of the press, who were left pacing anxiously outside. Brielle's lips curled into a smile. After a moment's thought, she texted Sue back.
[Thanks.]
Sue didn't respond, and Brielle didn't expect her to. Instead, Brielle set her sights on the underground gambling dens.
With public opinion now diverted, what would William do next?
Would he continue to involve the heir of Kingston Enterprises, or simply eliminate Sue?
But Sue had made the manipulation accusations so public that the entire nation was watching her, and the police wouldn't let anything happen to her. She was under their protection, and any move by William would be nigh impossible.
Since Sue had caused trouble for William, Brielle didn't want to sit idle either. She called Ryan.
Ryan didn't expect Brielle to reach out to him and sneered internally.
"Brielle, you've got some nerve."
Knowing Ryan to be suspicious and impulsive, Brielle
understood that beating around the bush
would only make him more paranoid. Best to be straightforward.
"Ryan, you want to get back into Dorsey International, right? Well, there's a window of opportunity right now."
Of course, Ryan didn't trust Brielle. She'd deceived him more than once.
And the unresolved matter of Spencer's kidnapping somehow felt like her machinations.
But if Brielle had the power to do that, why would she have suffered under the Haywood family's thumb for so long? So, he was momentarily puzzled.
"You think I'm going to believe you?"
"I don't need you to believe me. Just do a little digging, and you'll see. William has been sitting on Kingston Enterprises' contract without finalizing it. The company went through a lot to get
11:06
Chapter 385
this opportunity, and William's been stringing them along for ages."
"Heh, as if Kingston Enterprises would let him. If things don't work out with Dorsey International, they'd just go to another company. Brielle, don't try to fool me."
Chapter 386
###Chapter 386
Chapter 386
Brielle massaged her temples and let out a half-smile.
"Ryan, it's not that Kingston Enterprises isn't looking for other companies, but you know their golden boy, Daniel who's gone missing. Bradley and Catherine are out of their minds trying to find their son-he's the apple of their eye. Until Daniel is found, they're too preoccupied to focus on business. William's been sniffing around in the shadows for Daniel. Imagine if he finds Daniel and uses him to force Kingston into signing a lopsided deal. His stock with Michael would skyrocket, don't you think?"
Ryan felt a knot tighten in his gut, and his lists clenched.
He had no standing with Michael and couldn't even set foot in Dorsey International, while William's position seemed unshakeable.
If William managed to bully Kingston Enterprises into an unfair deal, Dorsey International would bleed Kingston dry, and all that credit would go to William.
Ryan's breath quickened. If William continued to gain favor, Ryan's standing would only diminish until he became invisible within the Dorsey clan.
He couldn't let William find Daniel.
"Brielle, where are you getting your intel? And why tell me what's your angle?"
"Ryan, I've handed you an opportunity. Whether you grab it is your call. Just tip off Michael about William's pressure on the Kingston deal. I doubt Michael would let anyone in the Dorsey. family smother competitors with such tactics."
The business world wasn't about good guys and bad guys, but William's play was the dirtiest of
them all.
A real businessman, someone like Max, would drive a company to ruin using legitimate business strategies, not by threatening family members like some street thug..
All Ryan had to do was drop some hints to the old man, and William's days would be numbered. Once the seeds of doubt were planted in Michael's mind, they were bound to sprout.
Being the middle child, overshadowed by William and outmaneuvered by Max, Ryan knew the bitterness he felt over the years all too well.
Brielle's words spelled crisis, and Ryan wouldn't stand idly by.
After hanging up, Brielle exhaled slowly.
Now, she just had to wait.
Returning to her computer, she saw that Dorsey International's official website had released at statement.
Chapter 386
They committed to cooperating fully with law enforcement and offered a compensation of five million dollars to Sue's family.
This statement from Dorsey International was timely, as the police had just concluded that a business rival was behind everything. Although Dorsey International was an innocent party. out of humanitarian concern, they had to offer compensation to their employee.
Five million was a hefty sum, showcasing the stature of a major corporation.
For Brielle, it helped to minimize her role in the incident. No one was talking about her anymore: the focus had shifted to the puppet master behind the scenes.
In a clash between capital giants, everyone involved could be seen as a victim.
Once Brielle was out of the public eye, she could be forgotten.
She was finally free from this mess.
Taking a deep breath of relief, she took out her phone and sent Max a kissing emoji.
Max, sitting in his high-rise office, froze mid-sip of his coffee upon seeing the emoji. A
couple of drops spilled, and the executives around him thought he'd come up with a new billion-dollar strategy. They collectively held their breath in anticipation.
After a long pause, the head of HR cautiously asked, "Mr. Dorsey, is there something wrong with the proposal we discussed?"
Max looked away, feigning composure as he took a sip of coffee. "We're targeting the wrong market."
After saying that, he set down his coffee cup and shot Brielle a message in return.
[Send more of those emojis in the future.]
After sending the message, he put his phone down with a stern expression. T
he executives around him, witnessing his demeanor, thought he had just wrapped up a billion-dollar deal.
###Chapter 387
Chapter 387
Brielle couldn't help but chuckle at the message she received, but she resisted the urge to reply and turned her attention back to the online world.
The issue had escalated into a high-stakes game between two financial titans, with the police now involved. Brielle realized she no longer needed to worry.
What nagged at her, however, was the video released by Sarah herself. Without complete surveillance footage from the restaurant, it just lingered out there, unresolved.
Even though everyone seemed to have moved past their scrutiny of Brielle, it remained a thorn in her side.
However, dwelling on it was pointless now. She had extricated herself from the mess.
As the evening settled in. Tiffanie rang her doorbell.
Brielle opened the door to find Tiffanie, her arms still a canvas of dense rose tattoos and several dreadlocks woven into her wild mane. Brielle was long accustomed to her friend's unique style. Tiffanie had a lollipop jammed in her mouth.
Once they were in the car, Tiffanie's grip tightened on the steering wheel, her tone light.
"How did you get tangled up in such a mess this time?"
With a wry smile and a shrug. Brielle replied, "Just bad luck, I guess.
Tiffanie glanced over, her attempt at consolation half-hearted. "Hey, chill out. The online mob's off your back now. You're out of the woods. Just... worry about other stuff, okay?"
Brielle, sensing an undercurrent in Tiffanie's words, raised an eyebrow inquisitively.
Tiffanie coughed subtly.
"Looks like you haven't heard yet. Uncle Max's biological mom is being transferred back from her fancy overseas retreat to a local facility. Guess I'll have to start calling her 'grandma. huh?" "And that means?"
"Oh, come on, Brielle, don't be dense. Grandma's a big fan of Alivia and has been pushing for her to marry into the family. Once she's back, Alivia will surely follow suit. Word is she's already sorting the paperwork. You have no idea how high Alivia's stock has risen. There's this world-class research institute setting up a branch right here in Beaconsfield, and she's going to be the head honcho." The prestige of that position was enough to eclipse any local socialite or heir.
Alivia had the clout to command respect.
11:06
Chapter 387
The more accomplished she became, the greater threat she posed to Brielle, especially with Alivia already having set her sights on her.
Tiffanie prattled on, eventually letting out a sigh.
"Look, if she comes back, avold a head-on clash with her. Just a heads-up. As long as Uncle Max doesn't pop the question to you, you'll never outrank Allvla."
After her spiel, perhaps realizing the blow to Brielle's morale, Tiffanie hurried to bolster her friend's spirits.
"Don't get down. You're plenty impressive yourself. It's just your background that's holding your back. If you were top-tier rich, Alivia would be nothing. You could squash her with a flick of your finger." But life was not always fair, and Brielle knew it well.
Her eyes fell, not in defeat, but acknowledging the looming crisis.
The car pulled up to the largest estate in the suburbs, and Tiffanie hopped out of the convertible with a carefree grace, handing Brielle a card.
This was a high-roller's ticket into the exclusive casino, accessible only to those who could front the steep two-million-dollar membership fee.
Such a price tag weeded out the merely affluent, highlighting the true wealth of its clientele and the recklessness of someone like Simon who had ventured there.
Tiffanie turned and nodded at Brielle. "She's with me."
Each cardholder could bring just one guest, and as the gates of the estate swung open, a network of cameras blanketed every inch of space.
This countryside casino, sprawling across a hillside, offered no place to hide.
Once they were inside, the doors shut swiftly. Brielle's and Tiffanie's faces popped up on the security monitors. Their features were scrutinized, and their personal financial data was displayed-credit scores, debt ratios, and how much they could afford to lose.
In the grandest hall, with its opulent decor, even the most inconspicuous potted plant appeared worth a lifetime of work for the average Joe.
Finding Daniel here felt like searching for a needle in a haystack.
Brielle sighed and watched as Tiffanie eagerly exchanged cash for chips, itching to try her luck. Gambling held no appeal for Brielle, so she hung back by the bar and dessert table.
She overheard-a nearby conversation, the voices loud enough to carry.
"When's the 'Lucky Lad' gonna show up? Heard there's a crowd waiting for him tonight."
"Some of these nearly bankrupt big shots made a fortune off him, and came back from the brink
11:06
Chapter 387
with billions."
"He's from one of North America's elite families, a prince of the diamond trade. What's a few billion to him?"
"He hasn't been home in ages. You know Mr. Connor from Apex Dynamics Ltd., right? He's here waiting to win big."
Connor?
Brielle's brow furrowed at the mention of that name, the last thing she wanted to hear.
###Chapter 388
Chapter 388
"Who's targeting Apex Dynamics? After the Haywood family hit a streak of bad luck, it seems they're next in line. Word on the street is they're still short of a cool eight billion."
"There he is! Money Burner's in the house tonight!"
Brielle craned her neck, trying to spot the infamous Money Burner in the throng, but the place was swarming. She knew they were talking about Infinity Brilliance's lone heir, Dustin Lynch. Just thinking about Dustin brought back memories of their chance meeting abroad. She couldn't help but suppress a smile. For some reason, she found his company effortlessly comforting. Deciding to ditch her dessert, she figured it was worth taking a stroll to see if she could dig up any news on Daniel.
As she rounded the corner, Dustin's voice floated towards her. "Darling, are we really going to debate the origin of love right now? I'm far more interested in the color of your dress tonight."
Brielle froze. The voice came from the balcony, a place she had to pass by. Walking through would mean interrupting, wouldn't it?
The woman's breathy sighs grew louder. "Mr. Lynch, you're such a tease. It's been ages since you've been around. Didn't any of those foreign girls satisfy your appetite?"
Brielle couldn't bear to listen any longer and turned to leave, but in doing so, her foot knocked against a potted plant. The noise startled the woman on Dustin's lap, who let out a shriek and hastily retreated, clutching her undergarments.
Embarrassed, Brielle tried to hurry away but found her collar caught in a firm grip.
"Brielle?" Dustin was tall, and lifting her by the back of her neck seemed effortless.
Standing on tiptoes, helpless, Brielle explained, "I was just passing by."
He raised an eyebrow and let her go, then idly twirled a finger. "What a shame. You have no idea how delightful she felt."
Brielle mentally insisted she didn't want to know.
Dustin's eyes twinkled mischievously, his thin lips giving him a look of both passion and indifference.
Straightening her clothes, Brielle asked as politely as possible, "Mr. Lynch, when did you arrive?"
"Hmm, landed about an hour ago."
Fresh off the plane and already at the casino, his life seemed quite indulgent. Brielle was at a loss for words. Chapter 388
Dustin surveyed her from head to toe and chuckled. "You've lost weight."
His familiar tone touched her, albeit slightly.
His gaze then shifted indoors, lighting up at the sight of a woman dressed as a Playboy bunny. "After all the looking around, it's clear the ladies here are top-notch. Soft and delicate, and they sound so sweet in bed."
Brielle took a deep breath, wishing she hadn't heard that.
Noticing her discomfort, Dustin found it amusing and pulled her by the wrist. "Come on, let's play a round."
"Mr. Lynch, let's not. I don't have any chips."
Dustin wrapped an arm around her shoulder, sighing, "Brielle, it seems Max hasn't been treating you well. Why don't you come with me? Pick any property you fancy in Beaconsfield, stay with me for a few days, and it's yours. How about that?"
His offer of 'play' was different from what he proposed to other women. It was more about taking a vacation and experiencing the beauty of another place.
Brielle thought about his Money Burner nickname and pressed her hand to her forehead. "Let's not. If you frequent this place too much, you might actually go bankrupt."
No one had ever worried about Dustin going bankrupt. Infinity Brilliance was a powerhouse in North America, with connections even to high-ranking officials abroad. No one believed they could fall, not when they dominated the diamond market. As long as there were women in the world, diamonds would be in demand. So, to Dustin, Brielle's concern was endearing.
He laughed softly, his eyes warming with amusement.
Women passing by couldn't help but steal glances, their cheeks flushing at his smile. Brielle was used to Max's handsome face; even Dustin's striking looks couldn't cause much of a stir
in her.
Dustin drew her closer. "I won't go broke, sis. Come on, let's have some real fun.”
The term 'sis' cast a shadow in Dustin's eyes, but Brielle missed it, assuming he was just being brotherly as he was with every other woman.
###Chapter 389
Chapter 389
The moment Dustin swaggered up to the central poker table, a collective gasp washed through the crowd. Brielle faintly heard the murmurs of "Money Burner" bouncing around the room. Seemed like the guy was quite the legend in this joint.
She tried to wiggle free from his grasp, but Dustin nonchalantly pulled up a chair, plopping her down next to him.
Dustin was known for his revolving door of arm candy, so no one paid much mind to Brielle's identity. Those who relished in the local gossip recognized her in an instant-wasn't she the latest buzz on the net? But here, nobody gave a hoot about online chitchat. Once you stepped through these doors, the only thing that earned you respect was cold, hard cash.
Overpowered by Dustin, Brielle resigned herself to the seat.
Another voice cut through the air as a figure approached, taking a seat directly across from Brielle.
Connor was late to the party and clueless about Dustin's setup, so when he spotted Brielle, a sneer curled his lips. "Well, well, if it isn't Ms. Brielle. You've been quite the sensation online, I hear." Connor had once fancied the idea of marrying Brielle, but after being dressed down by her, he harbored a grudge that just wouldn't quit.
He'd gleefully shared a juicy rumor from the Hatfield family grapevine with Catherine, thinking Brielle had snagged Max. But Catherine had laughed in his face just days before, claiming Brielle was throwing herself at Max, who didn't even give her a second glance.
The thought of Brielle demeaning him while groveling to another man boiled his blood. And with his business hitting the skids, his words were all the more venomous. "So what's the plan, bedded and bored by your last sugar daddy, and now trawling for a new one? But after Dorsey's had his fill, I doubt you'll find many takers."
Connor's chip stack was modest-fifty million at best. He'd been biding his time, waiting for Dustin's appearance.
The moniker "Money Burner" was well-earned with Dustin. Sitting at a table with him meant you could easily rake in a few hundred million. There was that one CEO, nearly bankrupt and on the verge of a skydive without a parachute, who turned his fortune around with a ten billion win from Dustin.
Nobody dared cross Dustin unless they were looking to make an enemy of wealth itself. And Dustin was much more than just money.
As Connor's words hung in the air, a shadow passed over Dustin's eyes. He was about to retort when Brielle beat him to the punch. "Word on the street is your company is going under, Mr. Chapter 389
Connor. Is that because you've been bad-mouthing karma?"
"You!" Connor was livid, his scalp tingling with rage. He'd been living high for years, but now, he didn't who he had offended. Deals crumbled one after the other. His once flush company was now drowning in debt, and the banks were cutting him loose.
With no other options, the casino was his last resort, and thank goodness Dustin was there.
A chuckle rippled through the onlookers. Apex Dynamics's troubles were an open secret, but nobody spoke of it outright-business etiquette and all. Brielle didn't care for such niceties, and Connor was left smarting from the blow.
However, making a scene over Brielle here would only paint him as a bully. He scoffed, throwing a glance at Dustin, then offered a 'friendly' warning. "Mr. Lynch, you'd do well to steer clear of this one." Pitying glances shot Connor's way from the other patrons; they knew Brielle was Dustin's guest, and their rapport seemed... intimate. Connor was fishing for a windfall from Dustin. oblivious to the fact that he'd just made a formidable enemy.
Expecting Dustin to erupt, the crowd was surprised when he didn't. Instead, he propped his head on one hand and, with a room full of onlookers, slid a stack of chips towards Brielle. His eyes crinkled as he surveyed the room, then he chuckled. "Texas Hold'em, no limit-any takers?"
No limit-those words were enough to send shivers down a gambler's spine. Overnight. fortunes could soar into the billions or plummet to ruin. Only the true heavyweights, those worth several billions themselves, dared to play.
The seats hadn't filled up right away, but with Dustin, the infamous "Money Burner," in the mix, Connor had already claimed his spot.
Dustin had only played no-limit a couple of times, but one game was legendary and revived a dying corporation. This time, it looked like Connor was about to cash in on some of that luck.
A greedy grin stretched across Connor's pudgy, flushed face.
###Chapter 390
Chapter 390
The crowd's gaze wasn't on Connor; instead, it was fixated on Brielle.
Seated around the table were faces regularly splashed across the finance sections of newspapers, scions of the top ten magnate families of Beaconsfield, and North American blue bloods like Dustin.
And Brielle? She was none of these things. Yet here she was, taking her seat at this thrilling. eye-opening poker game, her posture poised with a confidence that belied her status. Typically, the women accompanying the high rollers to a casino like this clung to their benefactors, playing the role of arm candy with a practiced grace. They would barely dare to breathe too loudly while their patrons studied their cards, fearing to provoke any displeasure.
This casino epitomized luxury, and many guests often brought along the top ladies of the entertainment industry as their dates, ranging from award-winning actresses to adored ingénues. Even the most seasoned celebrities would find themselves awestruck upon their first visit to this establishment, but Brielle's eyes betrayed no such wonder, sparking curiosity. in those around her.
However, the people here weren't as gossipy as the online trolls, who threw around vicious comments without a second thought. Most of those critics weren't worth a million, while the ones standing in this room were at least millionaires.
Experience limits one's perspective, perspective limits ability, and ability dictates the playing field-it's a vicious cycle. That was why most of the crowd wouldn't stoop to vulgar insults about a woman.
But Connor was the exception. Seeing Brielle ready to join the game, he couldn't help but laugh. outright. "Brielle, come on, are you serious? Borrowing money from Mr. Lynch to bet at this table? Can you handle the loss if your luck runs out? Do you have any idea how much money goes into the pot in a no-limit game?"
Even if Brielle was once a miss of the Haywood family, they hadn't provided her with a life of luxury. Her car wasn't even worth two hundred thousand. Could she possibly have any experience with Texas Hold'em?
Unperturbed, Brielle simply placed her chips in front of her and spoke with nonchalance. "So, I just won't lose, right?"
Her matter-of-fact tone left Connor speechless. His body was shaking with silent rage, thought he couldn't do anything as everyone had taken their seats. He scoffed and muttered under his breath. "We'll just see you crying all the way home tonight. Then you'll realize that there are places that just aren't meant for lowly people like you."
Brielle ignored him, instead scanning the other players at the table. Apart from Dustin and Connor, she recognized everyone else, though only by sight. What puzzled her the most was
the heir to the Hatfield family, Sammuel, who offered her a warm smile. She could only return the gesture with a small smile of her own before the dealer appeared, and the room fell into
silence.
Though Texas Hold'em was a common sight in casinos, playing no-limit was another league entirely, especially with a wild card like Dustin in the mix. The pot could swell to an astronomical sum in the blink of an eye.
The attendees, all wealthy in their own right, couldn't help but steal glances at Brielle, whose composure seemed to surpass even the most seasoned veterans of high-stakes games.
As the first round of dealing commenced, the players to the dealer's left placed their bets, six million and three million, respectively.
Without watching the others' reactions, Brielle glanced at her own two cards once they were dealt. Sitting next to her, Dustin also checked his hand. Being to the left of the big blind, Brielle was the first to act. She raised an eyebrow. "Raise."
Her raise was twelve million, bringing the pot to twenty-one million.
Spectators were taken aback, some even snickering at the bold move. No-limit games typically saw cautious plays, and such early raises were either the mark of a seasoned pro or a 'Money Burner' like Dustin.
Connor's face twisted into a sneer. "Brielle, maybe you should just go stand prettily in the corner. Maybe if you're lucky, you'll find a man tonight who doesn't mind your company."
At his words, Brielle lifted her gaze to meet his. "Mr. Connor, all your talk seems to revolve around what's in your pants. Now I understand why your company's tanking."
Each word struck a nerve, and Connor, chest heaving with fury, realized he was no match for Brielle in a verbal spar.
That bitch!
Fine, he thought, tonight he'd make her see that this kind of game was no place for a woman. Women belonged in bed, legs spread, pleasing men-that was all they were good for. He bit back any further comment and cautiously opted to call the bet.
###Chapter 391
Chapter 391
At the poker table, the game was heating up, and only Brielle had the guts to raise the stakes, pushing in a massive twelve million. If anyone wanted to stay in the game, they'd have to match that hefty sum, Some players folded, but the pot was swelling, and was now over eighty million.
The dealer confirmed the end of the first round and flipped the community cards: a pair of fours. and the King of Hearts.
As the second round of betting began, the player to Brielle's right put in their chips. After a moment's thought. Brielle casually said, "Check."
Her words triggered laughter around the table, not just from Connor but from the onlookers as well. Dustin, seated to Brielle's left, couldn't help but chuckle, resting his head in his hand. Brielle, puzzled by the reaction, turned to ask, "What's so funny?"
Dustin found her innocent confusion utterly charming. "You can't just check after someone's raised," he said with a light-hearted flick to her forehead. "It's either put up or fold, darling. Don't you know the basics?"
The murmurs started to spread through the crowd.
"I thought she was some kind of poker pro with that cool act of hers."
"Who gave her the nerve to sit there, not knowing squat?"
"This is no-limit- she could lose billions if she messes around."
Connor was practically giddy with delight. It seemed she didn't even grasp the fundamental rules. "So na?ve," he thought, "Max would never fall for someone as clueless as her."
Undisturbed by the chatter, Brielle tossed her cards into the muck. "Then I fold."
Her fold brought the round to a swift end as the seasoned players made quick decisions.
Brielle's first round was a comedy of errors in the eyes of the onlookers, raising blindly and trying to check when it wasn't allowed.
That round saw Connor rake in three hundred million. A passing Bunny got a firm smack on the behind from Connor, who then slipped a couple of chips down her cleavage with a flourish. Whistles filled the air as she blew a bold kiss his way.
After his show, Connor sneered at Brielle. "Brielle, you can still back out now. Spend a couple of nights with me, and I'll cover what you lose so you won't owe Mr. Lynch."
Before Brielle could respond, Dustin chuckled. "Connor, even the ones who've just held my hand would get more than a measly twelve million from me. Be careful with your words." His eyes twinkled with amusement.
Connor quickly apologized, "My apologies, Mr. Lynch. I just don't want you to be fooled by this
1/2
11:07
Chapter tot
woman. Her past is a tangled mess."
No sooner had he finished than Brielle arched an eyebrow. "Mr. Connor, before you talk about others' messy private lives, why not ask around about your own reputation? You were the one chasing me for marriage, remember? Sour grapes much?"
Dustin was the first to laugh, followed by Sammuel, even to the point of coughing.
Connor turned red with fury. His constant needling at Brielle had everyone wondering if there was truth to her words; was he really just bitter because he couldn't have her?
Frustrated, Connor snapped at the dealer, "What are you waiting for? Get on with the second. round!" Clearly, he was embarrassed and angry.
For the next rounds, Brielle was the fastest to fold. It seemed she had finally grasped the rules. and didn't dare to gamble recklessly as she did in the first.
Sammuel won the second round, pocketing five hundred million.
Brielle lost six million in the third round and three million in the fourth. She folded early in every round, never making it past the first cycle of bets. To the seasoned players, she was the least. interesting, too cautious and afraid to lose, an oddity in a no-limit game.
After four rounds, Brielle had lost the least, but the spectators were growing restless.
"If you don't know how to play, step down and let me take over."
"Yeah, just hogging a seat and folding every hand. You should have picked up the basic rules by now, right?"
"Typical woman, too timid. If you know your place, why not just be a pretty face and stay out of the game?"
Hearing these comments, Connor's face was the picture of arrogance. He had won two billion over the four rounds, emerging as the biggest winner at the table.
Of course, the biggest loser was Dustin - the infamous Money Burner.
###Chapter 392
Chapter 392
Dustin remained cool as a cucumber throughout the game, only casting a glance when he overheard someone gossiping about Brielle, which promptly silenced the chatter.
Brielle paid no mind to the whispers, focusing intently on the fifth round. This time, she upped the ante with a whopping 18 million. She held her ground through the first round of betting and waited as the community cards were revealed.
Connor, spotting her serious expression, couldn't help but smirk. "Brielle, looks like you're finally willing to dig deep into your pockets. Too bad, though. The more you lay down, the harder you're gonna fall. There are plenty of ways for a lady to make a buck, but you just had to pick the one you're least cut out for."
The community cards were a Jack of Spade, a Five of Hearts, and a Five of Diamonds.
In Connor's hand was a Five of Spades and an Ace of Diamonds, giving him at least a pair. He matched Brielle's 18 million bet and provocatively eyed her.
Unfazed by his taunts, Brielle watched as the betting round completed and the fourth community card was turned over - an Ace of Spades.
Now, it was just her and Connor left at the table. She raised to 24 million, giving Connor a measured smile. "Mr. Connor, you wouldn't happen to be sitting on just two pairs, would you?"
Her tone was light as a feather. After speaking, she nudged her chips forward, indicating she was ready to keep playing.
This was the first time Brielle had made it to the end, and it was down to just the two of them. The onlookers, curious about her hole cards given her confident demeanor, began to murmur among themselves. "She's gotten the hang of the rules and has been playing it safe. She must have something solid to have stayed in this long."
"Ha, the dark horse is betting 24 million now. She wouldn't stick around without a surefire win." "That's why playing with these types isn't fun. There's no suspense in winning' or losing."
Connor couldn't believe Brielle could have a better hand, but the spectators' comments sowed a seed of doubt, making his decision to raise a shaky one. In the end, he just called.
The pot was nearing the four billion mark, and he couldn't believe Brielle had the appetite for such a gamble. He figured she'd never seen so much money in her life, so her calm must've been an act, especially since she had barely known the rules at the start.
Just as this thought crossed his mind, Brielle confidently raised again. And she doubled it, shooting up to 48 million.
Someone who had been folding at the start was suddenly betting 48 million in one go, a clear
Chapter 392
sign she was holding a very strong hand.
Sweat began to bead on Connor's forehead, but he tried to look cool as he locked eyes with Brielle. "Brielle, what's in your hand?"
Brielle's smile grew. "Though it's my first night at this game, I'm pretty sure revealing hole. cards to the opponent isn't allowed. Mr. Connor, you've played long enough; don't you know the rules?"
Connor bit his lip in frustration. If he called, the pot would grow to six hundred million. He had won a lot that evening, but he was there to win more, not to gamble recklessly, especially not with Brielle looking so sure of herself.
Wiping the sweat from his brow and internally cursing Brielle once more, he gritted his teeth and called the 48 million.
The final card was revealed - a King of Spades.
Brielle didn't hesitate to raise once more, this time to 96 million. Everyone thought she had lost her mind. She alone had put nearly three hundred million on the line.
That wasn't a surprise for someone like Dustin, but Brielle? Could she handle the consequences?
The crowd's murmurs grew louder.
"If that's not a strong hand, I'll eat my hat."
"All five cards are on the table, and she's still going all in. Considering her previous play, could it be the legendary royal flush?"
"The odds of hitting a royal flush are tens of thousands to one. It's her first time playing: how.
could she possibly
"If it's not a royal flush, I'll run naked right here."
Connor's forehead was slick with sweat as he pondered his next move. He had already sunk four hundred million into the game, and now he had one choice: to call or to fold. Calling meant throwing in another 96 million. Raising would only mean putting in more.
If Brielle had the royal flush, he'd lose another hundred million or so for nothing. But what if she didn't?
###Chapter 393
Chapter 393
Brielle was the epitome of cautious, never going all-in unless she was one hundred percent. sure of a win. This was simply her nature and not a trait she was willing to compromise on. Once Connor understood this, no matter how unwilling he was, he could only discard the two cards.
"How could this damned jerk be so lucky. Damn it, after leaving the casino tonight, I must have someone kill her." Connor was cursing in his heart, his teeth grinding together in anger.
His discard wasn't made with a full heart, and the distance from the dealer prompted a second check. "Mr. Connor, are you sure you want to fold?" the dealer inquired.
Connor glanced at Brielle's smug expression, tasting the bitterness in his mouth. "Fold!"
The dealer collected his cards, turning them over for all to see a pair of fives and a pair of aces. Not the strongest hand, but not the weakest either, thanks to the aces. All eyes were on Brielle now. Everyone was itching to see what she held.
With a nonchalance that only added to the tension, Brielle raked the entire pot towards herself, offering Connor a simple. "Thanks for the game."
H
Connor was livid, fists clenched. "Don't get cocky, Brielle. Do you think I'd lose if it weren't for you holding a royal flush? Just your damn good luck." Brielle let out a soft chuckle and flipped her cards for all to see. A four and a seven. There's no royal flush, not even a pair, let alone a straight. With the community cards factored in, she had what folks would call a big fat nothing - not even strong enough to beat Connor's two pairs. Brielle had been holding the weakest hand possible!
Silence descended upon the room. The crowd was speechless.
Connor's eyes bulged, staring at the cards in disbelief as if his body was on the verge of rejecting reality. It took a while before he seemed to choke on his own anger.
Meanwhile, Brielle just smiled and started to organize her chips. She was the new billionaire at
the table.
After about twenty seconds of stunned silence, someone finally dared ask, "So she bluffed with nothing and raised three hundred million?"
"Who was it that said they'd eat their hat?" another added.
"And who was betting on a streak run?"
Everyone looked at Brielle as if she were a creature from another world, while she just smiled sweetly at the mountain of chips before her. She offered one more piece of wisdom, "Mr. Connor, you really need to work on your game face. If you had called, these billions could've
11:07
Chapter 393
been yours."
Connor's chest heaved, and he leaned back, nearly passing out from the shock.
Sitting beside Brielle, Dustin couldn't help but chuckle at her audacity. Was a rookie bluffing a pro? That took some serious guts.
Brielle's move wasn't unheard of in Texas Hold'em, but it rarely paid off, especially in a no-limit game like this. However, her early show of careful play, folding hand after hand, had convinced everyone that she couldn't afford to lose. Her sudden three-hundred million bet made everyone think she had a winning hand.
A lousy hand had scared off Connor's two pairs. Only Brielle could pull off such a bluff.
Connor gulped down a glass of ice water handed to him by a waitress in a bunny outfit. managing to quench the fire in his belly. He glowered at Brielle as if wishing he could carve out a piece of her victory for himself.
But Brielle? She just played with her chips, as serene as a summer sky, utterly indifferent to his
rage.
With a loud thump, Connor slammed his glass back onto the waitress's tray, his eyes bloodshot with anger. "Next round, let's go, Brielle. I swear, by the end of tonight, you're going to lose everything, including the shirt off your back!"
###Chapter 394
Chapter 394
Brielle was nonplussed by his tirade it was nothing more than Impotent fury.
Connor, a big-shot CEO, was stooping to berate a woman for winning a poker game? It was crystal clear who held the moral high ground here.
The other guys at the table had been tempted to speak up for Brielle. Her stunning bluff had caught everyone off guard. Even they would've fallen for it, hook, line, and sinker. Brielle wasn't just playing cards; she was playing mind games.
The onlookers weren't fans of Connor's antics either. In this place, your poker face reflected. your true character, but with Dustin holding his peace, they just continued to watch the spectacle unfold.
The no-limit Texas Hold'em game had drawn a crowd, with folks from other floors now pressing in to see the action.
Andrew, with his arm snug around Tessa's waist, noticed the movement towards the poker table and raised an eyebrow curiously. "What's the hubbub?"
"Mr. Clements, haven't you heard? There's a newbie at the no-limit table."
No-limit? That wasn't a game for greenhorns. Was this just another lamb walking into the slaughterhouse?
The same person who'd informed Andrew couldn't help but add, "Connor from Apex Dynamics is there, too. Some rookie bluffed him out of millions, and he's fuming. The game's still on. Mr. Clements, want to take a look? The newbie's a lady, goes by the name of Brielle, I think."
At the mention of Brielle, Andrew's face tensed, thinking he'd misheard. Brielle at a high-stakes table? Membership alone cost a fortune, and she didn't seem the type to indulge in such luxuries. Even if she were with Max, that workaholic was the last person you'd expect to find in such an establishment. So, who had she come with?
Andrew felt an almost uncontrollable urge to check out the commotion, but Tessa clung to his
arm for dear life.
Ever since her fallout with Brielle, Tessa had hardly set foot outside. The last person she wanted to cross paths with was Brielle. She was already feeling out of sorts, and her eyes. reddened with anger. Her health had been fragile, and she hadn't been to any entertainment venues in years. But now, she couldn't let Andrew out of her sight. An unsettling feeling had gripped her.
"Andrew, let's not go over there. I'm not feeling well," she said, her already pale face taking on a pitiful cast that easily stirred Andrew's protective instincts. After all, nothing was more important than Tessa's health.
He pulled out his phone and shot Max a message. [Did you know Brielle's at the underground casino?]
Chapter 394
Max was at the Dorsey family estate, where Michael sat at the head of the table, coughing twice but remaining silent.
Ryan had followed through on Brielle's expectations and sought out Michael that very evening. clarifying the pending contract between Dorsey International and Kingston Enterprises. The delay in signing was an undeniable issue.
The executives at Kingston Enterprises, although too busy to manage their business directly, were growing dissatisfied with Dorsey International's stalling tactics. A little digging would bring everything to light. The atmosphere at the Dorsey family gathering was tense, and Max, having been dragged into it, couldn't leave just yet. His phone was on silent, so he missed Andrew's message.
After sending the text, Andrew carefully escorted Tessa to one of the luxurious private rooms upstairs. As they reached the stairwell, they could survey the lavish scene below, including the central poker table.
The crowd surrounded the table so thickly that a new round of the game was about to
commence.
Tessa leaned on Andrew, sneaking a glance below, and that's when she saw Brielle, the center of attention. Behind her stood a retinue of Beaconsfield's top brass, and even her tablemates. including Dustin, were prominent figures.
Tessa's breathing quickened, and her palms turned white with the pressure of her grip. How could Brielle, who crawled up from the mud, rub shoulders with such elites? Even Tessa herself hadn't spoken to these big shots. Damn it all!
Did Brielle deserve this adulation? It was Tessa and Alivia who should be Beaconsfield's most sought-after socialites!
Seething with jealousy, Tessa wished Brielle would just drop dead at the poker table. Andrew, too, caught sight of the bustling table below and hesitated, explaining to Tessa. "No-limit Texas Hold'em, I mean, even I've only played it once after years of poker. You meet a few wild cards, and you can drop a hundred billion in one night, just like that. You've heard of Dustin. right? He's one of those wild cards. They said Brielle bluffed her way to millions. Max's Little Canary is something special, alright. Most women would've buckled at the 'sight of that lineup."
###Chapter 395
Chapter 395
Andrew, though never having been a fan of Brielle, now spoke with a candor that was laced with a begrudging admiration for her
Indeed, there were plenty of women onlookers, but most were merely arm candy, clinging to the sides of their men, and lacking the guts to play in the big leagues.
Some truths were hard to swallow, but for these seasoned business tycoons, a beautiful woman often resembled the currency of high society. As for the celebrities, the common folk might've elevated them to the status of demigods, but to the insiders here, they were merely numbers in a game.
Tessa, overhearing Andrew's words, felt a surge of anxiety. She had to admit that if she were in Brielle's shoes, under the scrutiny of such powerful figures, her nerves would betray her with trembling that she couldn't control. The clearer this realization, the more resentment she harbored against Brielle. Where on earth did that wretch find the courage?
Her grip tightened around Andrew, her lips beginning to quiver.
"She's only winning because of dumb luck. Remember, Brielle's never seen this kind of money before, not to mention the millions she extorted from you. I've never had a good impression of her," Tessa said, her voice a mixture of vulnerability and frankness in front of Andrew. Besides. her feud with Brielle had reached a boiling point; there was no need to feign appreciation, which would only invite Andrew's suspicion.
Andrew sighed and affectionately ruffled her hair. "You're right. The stakes are high, and everyone at that table is no amateur. Brielle's winning streak is pure luck, and it was just one hand. In no-limit Texas Hold'em, each hand is critical; one can spell life or death. She's overstepped her bounds, but now, with everyone watching, she has to play the next round or risk embarrassment."
Inwardly. Tessa sneered. Perhaps the next round would see Brielle lose everything. A woman should be content being a delicate vine by a man's side, not bounding about as if she were the second coming of Alivia. She clearly didn't know her place.
Wanting to conserve her energy for more important matters than Brielle. Tessa leaned even more weakly against Andrew. "I'm exhausted. Let's go rest," she murmured.
Andrew's gaze lingered downstairs, intrigued by the game like any other man, but Tessa remained his priority. He nodded, supporting her as they moved to the lounge.
Downstairs, the next round was in full swing, and to everyone's surprise, it was unfolding almost identically to the previous one. Even the community cards were strikingly similar.
Now, four community cards lay face up-Jack of Spades, Six of Hearts, Seven of Hearts, and Ace of Spades.
With four players remaining-Dustin, Sammuel, Brielle, and Connor-and two more betting. rounds to go, tension was palpable.
11-07
Chapter 395
Connor gripped his hole cards, both Sixes, tightly. Without the river card, he already had a set, a strong hand that could beat any two pairs. Should the river bring another Six, he'd have quads. over which only a higher set of quads or a straight flush could prevail.
Excitement made Connor's palms sweat, not just because they were down to four players, but because the pot had swelled to a billion. The cards seemed promising this round, and he felt confident his hand was the strongest.
Dustin was up first. He raised an eyebrow and casually tossed in a hundred million, quieting the room with the gravity of the bet.
This was the essence of no-limit Texas Hold'em-it could bankrupt a CEO or revive a fallen. empire.
Sammuel, always smiling as if he barely existed at the table, followed suit and raised two hundred million.
Connor, hardly able to contain himself, matched the two hundred million.
The pot soared to 1.5 billion and kept growing. Now, it was Brielle's turn. She sat with her eyes closed, deep in thought.
Connor sneered at her contemplative state. "What's the matter? Lost your nerve?"
"Raise," Brielle declared without hesitation, slapping down four hundred million.
The pot hit 1.9 billion, and the table waited with bated breath for what would come next.
###Chapter 396
Chapter 396
Just as everyone
expected Dustin to chime in. Brielle looked up, her tone casual. "Ah screw it. I'm going all in," she said as she pushed her remaining four hundred million in chips into the
pot.
The pot swelled to 2.3 billion, but three players had yet to make their move. Brielle must've been on cloud nine, having won only one hand, and now daring to go all in like this.
Dustin maintained his pose, propping his chin with one hand. A faint smile curled at the comers of his mouth as he watched Brielle risk eight hundred million on her own. "Since Bri's got guts. I might as well go all in, too." In front of him lay a towering stack of two billion chies
Chips here could be exchanged anytime, so he wasn't fazed by the sum.
It wasn't unusual for Dustin to go berserk nobody was surprised by it. But with the pot hitting 4.3 billion, who wouldn't be tempted? Everyone seemed to hold their breath, their palms slick with sweat.
It was Sammuel's turn to speak. Unruffled, he matched the two billion.
"Wow! What on earth are they holding?!"
"Damnation, the last community card's not even out yet, and they're playing this big!"
"Dustin probably doesn't have much. He's always messing around like this."
"If the pot hits ten billion, the casino boss usually meets with the winner, right? Who was it last time?"
Everyone turned to look at Dustin, it seemed like it was Dustin's game last time. All eyes turned to Dustin as if expecting him to reveal his hand. He tapped his cards lightly, his eyes twinklin "Just a pair of aces, that's all"
Those who had gambled with Dustin knew he was a straight shooter, hence the nickname 'Money Burner. With just a pair of aces and the community cards, it was madness to bet so much.
Sammuel chuckled at Dustin's admission. "Mr. Lynch claims a pair of aces, so it must be true. Funnily enough, I've got two pairs."
One with a pair, the other with two pairs.
The pot hit 6.3 billion. The players were seemingly out of their minds. With hands like these, the odds of winning were slim!
Now, it was Connor's turn. He was visibly the most agitated at the table. Sweat beaded on Connor's forehead, his fingers trembling as they clutched his cards.
Dustin had a pair, Sammuel had two pairs, but Connor had three of a kind. His hand was surely stronger than the other two. With the pot already at 6.3 billion, he could either call or fold, but Chapter 346
with such high chances of winning, folding was out of the question. Yet to call, he needed to match another two billion.
Connor's starting funds for the night were less than a hundred million; he couldn't possibly cover the bet. His company was deep in debt, and he had come here hoping to take eight. billion off the table to save it. And the opportunity was right in front of him!
Flushed, he looked around desperately. "Who'll lend me two billion in chips? I'll pay you back. after I win this hand."
Connor was red-hot with feverish determination, shooting Brielle a look that could kill.
The crowd held their breath. Not a single round of betting had begun, and yet the pot was about to reach a staggering 10.3 billion. Someone extended the needed chips to Connor, and with a heated breath, he called. "Call! Brielle, if you think you can pull that stunt again, you're dead wrong. I won't be fooled this time!"
The game had reached a fever pitch, and everyone was eagerly anticipating the final community card.
The dealer, swallowing hard, flipped the last card: the King of Spades.
The reaction was immediate; a collective gasp rippled through the spectators. It was a repeat of the previous round.
Connor let out a scoff. "Looks like it's my turn to make a comeback. Last hand, your trash cards just got lucky."
Brielle's lips quirked up in amusement. "A royal flush is a one in millions chance, Mr. Connor. You flatter me by thinking I had such a hand last time," she said.
But then her tone shifted. "However, this time, I do have a royal flush, so maybe you should fold, Mr. Connor. Otherwise, you'll have to chuck in another two billion next round. I'm not comfortable winning so much from you, you know?"
If the pot reached ten billion, she could meet the elusive boss behind the scenes. She had to try. Her goal was to find Daniel, and only the casino's shadowy owner knew of his whereabouts.
Damn her! The nerve of this woman! She had bluffed Connor like that in the last round, and now she dared to talk big!
###Chapter 397
Chapter 397
Connor simply scoffed with a derisive smirk, choosing to remain silent, but the onlookers were anything but calm.
Everybody was aware of Brielle's victory in the previous round, and using the same tactic again would be foolish. Yet, with the pot swelling with money, everyone held their breath in anticipation of this round's outcome.
The last betting round was upon them, and it was Brielle's turn to act first. However, Brielle had. already gone all-in during the last round of betting. Now, she could either call or fold.
If she folded, she would lose everything she had invested-the colossal sum of eight hundred. million would become someone else's fortune. Continuing to call, though, meant risking losing far more than that.
The spectators' throats were tight with tension, yet Brielle merely turned to Dustin. "Mr. Lynch, could I trouble you for a loan of two billion chips?"
Dustin raised an eyebrow, seemingly enjoying the sight of Brielle asking him for help. Without hesitation, he gestured to a waiter, who quickly returned with two billion in chips.
At this poker table, money had ceased to be just money; it was as if the chips were merely insubstantial pieces of paper.
Once the chips were in her possession, Brielle tossed them into the pot. The pot swelled by another two billion, reaching an astronomical 12.3 billion.
The onlookers fell silent, their excitement mounting as they waited to see who would win this gamble.
It was Dustin's turn to speak next. He flipped his hole cards with a flourish. "I fold. No way I'm playing this hand. Little Bri's claiming a royal flush, and I'm not about to be the big loser here." His face was alight with amusement, seemingly indifferent to the billions he had just lost.
His words drew scornful chuckles from the crowd, with someone shouting out. "If Brielle has a royal flush, I'll livestream myself eating a chair!"
His neighbor sneered. "Weren't you the one threatening to streak last round?"
The heckler's face turned beet red, and the surrounding crowd erupted into laughter. The laughter died quickly as attention returned to the game.
Following Dustin's fold, Sammuel also bowed out as if they truly believed Brielle's claim of a royal flush.
Now, only one person was left to act-Connor. If Connor tossed in another two billion, they would go to showdown. Victory or defeat would be revealed shortly.
Connor unhesitatingly borrowed two billion in chips and threw them into the pot. The pot grew to a staggering 14.3 billion.
11:08
Such an amount was beyond the wildest dreams of the average person, let alone on a poker table. This game was even worthy of high society's attention. Thus, the area was packed to the brim with onlookers.
After Connor's bet, he stared intensely at Brielle. "I won't be fooled again, Brielle. You've
borrowed so much money, you could sell yourself thousands of times over, and it still wouldn't cover your losses."
Leaning back casually, Brielle responded, "Mr. Connor, I did tell you I have a royal flush. Why won't you take my advice?"
Connor was in no mood for banter and revealed his hand-a three-of-a-kind, three sixes. Dustin had just admitted to having a pair of aces, and with the community cards being what they were, it was impossible for Brielle to have a straight or four-of-a-kind. For Brielle to win, she needed a royal flush, but that was one in several tens of thousands chance!
Connor was bold in his move because Dustin's and Sammuel's hands had lessened the probability of Brielle having a three-of-a-kind. The most Brielle could have was a pair, maybe two pairs like Sammuel.
Connor was nearly bursting with pride, his eyes gleaming with triumph. "Bitch, you think I'm scared to call your bluff this time? Let's see how you get out of this one!"
The crowd around them shook their heads.
"Young and naive indeed. The same trick won't win twice, and Connor's no fool."
"She got greedy. She could have walked away with millions."
"Youths often fail to recognize their opponents. But this is a costly lesson. Billions in debt, and working it off in a place like this, with severe consequences for unpaid debts..." Even if Dustin fancied her, would he really pay off billions for her? In all the years, none of
Dustin's companions had come with such a high price tag. After all, their time at his side was always too brief.
###Chapter 398
Chapter 398
Everyone was shaking their heads in disappointment, the murmurs growing louder as Brielle had yet to reveal her hand. It appeared to all that this round was Connor's win. Even Connor himself believed so. He stood up with a smug grin, his hands ready to rake in all the chips.
"Brielle, of all the people to cross, you had to pick me. I once said I'd marry you, but with your debts piling up like that, you're not even worth a second glance. Let's see how you're going to
walk out of here."
Upstairs, someone was watching the commotion from the balcony-it was Tessa.
Tessa felt a wave of satisfaction seeing everyone mock Brielle and called over Andrew to join her. She wanted Andrew to see Brielle for who she really was-a gambler who dared to sit at the high-stakes table. She had lost a fortune, and yet she thought she had the same clout as the big players. High society didn't care about your looks; it was all about your family's status and your capabilities.
What did that lowlife Brielle have?
Andrew walked over, hearing the bystanders' comments, while Connor looked like the cat that got the cream. Andrew pulled out his phone and texted Max. [If you don't show up soon, Brielle's going to be in deep. Heard she's down by billions.]
Tessa, seeing Andrew texting, snuggled into his arms. "You really should advise Max to stay away from the likes of Brielle."
Andrew chuckled softly, pocketing his phone. "He'll get bored of her eventually."
Tessa felt reassured and glanced down once more. "Now that she's in debt, let's see how she wraps this up. She could work her entire life and never pay it off."
If you were not born with some things in life, you would never have them. Brielle was obviously blinded by the glitz of the casino, treating billions as if they were mere dollars. Foolish!
Brielle sat casually at her spot, watching as Connor smugly began to collect the chips. She stood up. "Isn't there supposed to be security in a place like this? Isn't touching someone else's chips without permission grounds for being thrown out?"
The onlookers thought Brielle was just being stubborn.
Connor raised an eyebrow in amusement. "Still struggling, Brielle? Face it, you're done."
Brielle arched her own brow. "Face what, Mr. Connor? The odds of a royal flush are one in tens of thousands. Just because I didn't have it last round, doesn't mean I don't have it this time." "You're delusional, thinking you could win. You're talking nonsense!"
Connor was so animated he was practically dancing, eager to have his security toss Brielle out, but Brielle slowly revealed her two cards.
11:08
Chapter 398
The Queen of Spades and the Ten of Spades. A true royal flush!
"Impossible!!
Connor let out a scream, his face draining of color.
The crowd, ready to jeer, suddenly fell silent. Their eyes were glued to the two cards on the table. Those cards, along with the three community cards, formed a royal flush. Against such odds, Brielle had hit the jackpot.
The room was silent. Brielle twirled the card between her fingertips, her eyes fixed on the pile of chips. "Mr. Connor, I believe you owe me my winnings."
The cards dropped lightly from her fingers.
The onlookers' expressions varied, but they all shared one thought-monster. "Impossible! You're cheating! You dare to cheat here, Brielle! You're done!"
Connor was shaking; his chair overturned in his agitation.
Initially, everyone was shocked, but now the room fell into a hushed silence.
How is it possible that one would bluff about having a royal flush in one round, and then incredibly get dealt a royal flush in the next? No wonder Connor's interrogations carried a hint of disbelief. Those who had admired Brielle now watched her with suspicion.
"Yeah, Connor's right. She must be cheating."
"Are you crazy? Who would dare to cheat here?"
"She's new, isn't she? Probably doesn't grasp the consequences."
Hearing the crowd echo his sentiment, Connor's face twisted malevolently. That bitch dared to cheat here? Once the boss showed up, she would probably be dead on the spot.
In this underground casino, money and honor were trivial-everything could be bet on the table. This place was a hell of human nature and a paradise for devils. If Brielle dared to cheat, she'd be tormented here for life, until she met a miserable end.
###Chapter 399
Chapter 399
Connor's smile was fraying at the edges, a clear sign that he wouldn't need to deal with Brielle himself; she seemed perfectly capable of causing her own downfall.
$77777uddenly, the overhead speakers in the hall crackled to life, broadcasting a voice crisp with authority.
"Ladies and gentlemen, our casino's state-of-the-art surveillance system offers 360-degree, no-blind-spot monitoring, capturing every nuanced movement-even the trajectory of a single hair strand. Throughout this game, we've observed closely, and I can assure you, Ms. Brielle has played a fair hand."
No one doubted the capabilities of the casino's security. Even the slickest card sharks known to grace the world's gambling hot spots could pull no tricks here. Brielle, a mere rookie, stood. no chance of cheating under the watchful eyes of countless cameras, let alone in full view of a captivated audience. Not to mention the numerous staff backstage who had their eyes glued to this very game, making any deception on Brielle's part next to impossible.
Connor felt as if his soul had been yanked out of his body. He slumped backward, collapsing onto the floor. It was over. All was lost.
All those chips were squandered-his company's last lifeline was gone.
14.3 billion. He could've won 14.3 billion, but Brielle, that wretched woman, had ruined everything. And now, he was in debt-4 billion in the hole.
Trembling took over Connor's frame as he watched Brielle return 4.3 billion in chips to Dustin with a smile playing on her lips. "Mr. Lynch, consider this doubled and returned."
Dustin raised an eyebrow playfully. "Should I say you're lucky?"
Others might have been unsettled sitting next to Brielle, but her expression remained impassive throughout, a blend of audacity and charm.
Brielle had the remaining 10 billion in chips converted into a check, her smile curving deeper. "There are 1,326 possible two-card combinations in a 52-card deck, and when you factor in the four suits, each non-paired hand has 16 variations, and each off-suited non-pair hand has 12. Given the pairs you and Mr. Hatfield held, it narrowed down the range for the last community card. Your blockers were the most decisive cards in determining the odds."
Dustin chuckled, draping an arm around her shoulder to halt her explanation. "So it's not luck. but card counting?"
Brielle nodded with a spark in her eyes. "But odds can be so unpredictable."
"Such brilliance-not at all surprised by your academic accolades."
The title of valedictorian, in the eyes of people like Dustin, held little value. Yet the more he observed Brielle, the more he was taken by her-she was smart, beautiful, and gutsy. He took Brielle's hand, gently kissing it-a gesture devoid of any untoward implication, simply an
1/2
11:08
expression of delight.
"Little Bri. I'm growing quite fond of you. How about you come with me..."
Dustin's offer was cut short by Connor's bellowing. "Bitch! You vile bitch! I don't believe it! I don't believe this!"
Connor's rage was swiftly quelled as burly security guards dragged him away; his figure was the epitome of disarray.
The onlookers exchanged knowing glances at Brielle. The older ones chuckled at the audacity of youth. They had overheard Brielle and Dustin's exchange, realizing that this wasn't merely luck at play: Brielle had been calculating her moves all along. The gambling world was rife with. pros skilled in the art of odds, but none so meticulous as this.
She's a true prodigy.
After this night, Brielle's name would be synonymous with victory in this illustrious casino. The crowd, having gossiped their fill about the night's events, dispersed back to their own games. Brielle, holding the check worth 10 billion, allowed a triumphant smirk to form. It was the perfect infusion of capital her company needed.
Upstairs, Andrew's cold laughter went unnoticed, as did Tessa's bitter expression beside him.
Brielle! Tessa seethed with hatred, unable to fathom how this woman kept stealing the spotlight. Damn it, why her!
Andrew remained oblivious to Tessa's turmoil. He could have snapped a photo of Brielle cozying up to Dustin and sent it to Max, but he refrained. It was better for them to split sooner
rather than later.
Yet, the thought of Max potentially being cuckolded soured Andrew's opinion of Brielle even further. Still, as a brother, he had already warned Max twice-that was enough.
###Chapter 400
Chapter 400
Downstairs, after the crowd dispersed, Tiffanie approached with a pile of chips in her hand, olving Brielle a thumbs-up.
Tiffanie had just left a high-roller suite and wasn't quite clued in on the recent events. Having heard the buzz, she couldn't find any words more fitting than her silent gesture of approval. No wonder Maxie was smitten with Brielle.
But who was this guy with Brielle? Her gaze shifted to Dustin, sizing him up with curiosity.
In Tiffanie's eyes, Maxle was the crème de la crème of men. Despite this new guy being a looker, she couldn't let Brielle's attention stray toward him. So, with feigned nonchalance, she wedged herself between the two, casually grabbing hold of Brielle. "Brielle, you must have other fish to fry here at the casino, right?"
Brielle was oblivious to Tiffanie's subtle maneuver and simply nodded in agreement.
A walter approached, requesting Brielle's presence backstage.
Brielle wasn't overly concerned about being able to leave with her winnings. The onlookers had already stated it was the casino's policy. Plus, she had heard through the grapevine about a gambler who had made a miraculous comeback with a fortune, safely walking away with the loot.
She had a hunch, too, that if there was any danger, Dustin would step in.
"Mr. Lynch, shall we meet again sometime?"
Regret tinged Dustin's expression. "I'm headed back tomorrow. It's a shame I can't take you out for a meal. Little Bri." He genuinely had pressing matters to attend to, or else he would've seized the chance to spend more time with Brielle.
Brielle could tell he meant it, and oddly enough, she felt a twin
of reluctance at his departure. "When you're back in town, Mr. Lynch, give me a call. Dinner's on me."
Dustin's eyes sparkled with mischief, and he barely resisted the urge to tousle her hair.
Tiffanie quickly pulled Brielle behind her, eyeing him with wariness. Dustin's fingertip drifted up. playfully lifting Tiffanie's chin. "Take a look at that. You've got some fire in you, too."
Tiffanie frowned, well aware of who this man was-a notorious playboy known for his escapades across North America, a heartbreaker of the highest order. Yet, his wealth and status were undeniable. And that face, damn, it was handsome.
Tiffanie silently chanted her boyfriend Mason's name in her head and sighed. That was the downside of being in love-you could look at the feast before you, but you couldn't taste it.
Brielle patted her shoulder. "Shall we check out other spots?"
Looking up, Tiffanie realized Dustin had vanished. She felt a twinge of annoyance. "When did he
1/2
11:08
Chapter 400
leave?"
Brielle chuckled, "While you were busy admiring that face, nodding and shaking your head."
"Seriously, that wasn't me being lovestruck. I was just lamenting that he's not as handsome as Mason! You have no idea how he toys with women abroad. Stay away from that sort of man at
all costs."
"Really? I thought he seemed pretty decent. But anyway, Tiffanie, I need to see the casino boss. now."
"Aren't you afraid they might carve you up?"
"It shouldn't come to that. Do you know who runs this place?"
With arms crossed, Tiffanie shook her head slowly. L,"All I know is they're connected to some big shot overseas and have been known to play masked at the tables. This casino is Beaconfield's grey area. You've seen the clientele-wealthy and powerful. Who knows how many secrets they hold over them?"
Indeed, the patrons were all influential, some even with political ties. If anything happened to the casino, the dirty laundry of all who had passed through its doors would be aired. It wouldn't just be Beaconfield facing upheaval but potentially the entire country. That was why both business magnates and politicians preferred the casino to operate without a hitch. It was the secret to its longstanding presence. Brielle gazed out at the night, curiosity getting the better of her. "Have you heard anything about them holding Beaconfield's elite hostage?"
The glint in Tiffanie's eyes flared with the thrill of gossip. "Well, rumors are all over the place, but nobody's sure. There was this one bigwig's son who got detained here. He came in fat and sassy and left looking like a skeleton. Do you know what happened to him?"
Tiffanie's voice dropped to a whisper, "Rumor has it he was drained dry by a bevy of beauties every day."
Brielle's mouth twitched, and she rubbed her temples. Trust Tiffanie to deliver the most. outlandish stories.
The waiting server spoke up respectfully, "Ms. Brielle?"
With no other option, Brielle asked Tiffanie to stay put and followed the server.
###Chapter 401
Chapter 401
After leaving Brielle, Dustin whipped out his phone and shot a text to Max. [Hey Max, had a blast at the casino with little B. Planted a kiss on the back of her soft hand, and she blushed something fierce. Adorable.]
Max saw the message, as the business with the Dorsey family had already wrapped up. His face instantly turned to ice, compounded by the sight of two messages from Andrew. The air in the car went subzero.
Patrick was sitting in the front and shivered involuntarily, wondering who had crossed Max this time.
A minute later, Max dialed Brielle's number. She was just about to step through the innermost door when her phone rang. She hit the answer button.
"Where are you?" Max's tone was icy, and his anger was barely contained.
Brielle was puzzled at who might have upset him and answered truthfully. "At the casino. I wanted to snoop around about Daniel's situation."
"You and Dustin having fun?"
Even through the digital divide, Brielle could taste the acidity in his question. Her heart fluttered, and she couldn't help but smile. "How did you know?"
He hadn't reached out all evening and was probably tied up with something. Was he keeping
tabs on her?
"Dustin was showing off to me." Max's voice was flat. It was obvious, even to someone as emotionally oblivious as him, that Dustin was bragging in the most obnoxious way.
Brielle was amused and rushed to reassure him. "It was just a game of cards."
"I'm coming to pick you up."
There was no arguing with Max's tone. Brielle simply agreed, "Okay, that's fine."
After hanging up, Brielle rubbed her temples, thinking how childish Dustin was. She stood before a massive floor-to-ceiling window. Inside was a den of vice and vigor, outside the sultry night of Beaconsfield.
Even though she came to investigate Daniel's case, she knew she had no chance to take him away, especially when even Patrick couldn't do it.
She wondered if Daniel was being held against his will. And she was curious-who was the puppet master behind the underground casino with such clout?
With these questions, she saw the door open and a gazebo appear on the farthest balcony. There stood a man, his back to her as if he'd been waiting for some time. "Ms. Brielle, care to join me for a bit of moon-gazing?" Chapter 401
As she approached, she saw a cup of tea in his hand, a selection of delicate desserts laid out before him, and an empty cup. His posture was erect, but he wore a mask that hid his true.
face.
Brielle sat down slowly and cautiously.
The man's elegant fingers poured her a cup of tea.
"Thank you." She replied casually, then took a sip. The tea was fragrant and clearly high-quality.
The man chuckled, appraising her, "Not afraid of poison, then?"
"If you wanted me dead, you wouldn't resort to such roundabout methods. Assam tea of such caliber-quite the expense."
Such tea was auction-worthy. She had never tasted it but had once had the fortune to smell it at a business negotiation.
Brielle's memory was exceptional, far beyond the average. The world was full of academically gifted individuals, but to be a top scholar, one needed more than just to be book-smart. Interviews with such individuals often revealed a well-rounded development, intellectually and otherwise. Intelligence wasn't something that could be drastically altered by sheer effort. This gap between effort and true intellect could be disheartening, yet it was an undeniable truth.
Sitting there, Brielle sat up straight and spoke plainly.
"I want to know about the young master of Kingston Enterprises. Can you tell me about him?"
The man raised an eyebrow and, after a moment, chuckled lightly. "Daniel?"
"Yes."
"He's fine, though he lost quite the gamble."
"How much?"
"A life."
###Chapter 402
Chapter 402
Brielle was well aware that the young heir to Kingston Enterprises was no saint, but she hadn't anticipated him being this reckless. No wonder he had been detained.
"If someone came to claim him, would you release him?" she asked.
"Of course not," came the reply with a sly edge. "But for you, Ms. Brielle, I might just consider it."
As long as he wasn't released, William wouldn't stand a chance. Therefore, Daniel staying put was actually to her advantage.
The man had already picked up his glass and was idly toying with it. "Men like Dustin and Max hold you in high regard, Ms. Brielle. I'm quite curious about you."
"Do you fancy Max, Ms. Brielle?" The tone was casual, as if two old friends were catching up.
"Of course."
"And do you love him?"
Love? Brielle had never really entertained the concept, or rather, she had never truly encountered it. She acknowledged her fondness for Max, secure in the knowledge it wasn't unrequited. If she hadn't sensed Max's affection for her, she would have guarded her feelings closely.
Affection was like basking in the warmth of a cozy fireplace - you didn't ask others what warmth was; you simply felt it. If you couldn't feel it, or if you found yourself seeking confirmation from a third party, then it was absent. That was why when she saw girls online asking strangers if their boyfriends still liked them, she knew that those asking usually had their answer already.
But love was different - complex and yet pure. Affection was commonplace: true love was rare. It was an oasis in a long-parched desert, a fleeting joy upon first sight - both eternally scheming and dirtied with thought.
Having once ventured into a real desert during her college years, Brielle understood that oases were indeed scarce, but the endless sand was the norm. So she remained silent.
Pleased by her reticence, the man said, "Mr. Dorsey should be arriving soon. I'll have someone
escort you out."
Brielle nodded politely, unsure of his intentions but eager to leave.
A waiter soon approached and led her towards the exit. As she walked away, she glanced back. at the man still seated in the gazebo. His fingers caressed his glass, and a slight smile played at the edges of his concealed lips.
Brielle frowned but didn't dwell on it.
Once outside, Tiffanie was waiting anxiously at the exit. Upon seeing Brielle emerge, she quickly circled her, checking for any harm. "Thank God, I was terrified you'd been chopped up or something."
She let out a sigh of relief. "Maxle would have killed me If anything happened to you."
As she finished speaking. Max's car pulled up.
Tittanie, feeling a tad guilty for having brought Brielle to the casino in the first place, avoided. Max's gaze and quickly ushered Brielle into the car, "See you next time! Have fun." "Bang!"
The car door closed, and Tiffanie sauntered off to her own convertible.
Brielle swallowed, sensing the chill in the car's atmosphere. "I can explain," she said in a gentle voice, not minding playing the peacemaker.
Max's gaze fell on the back of her hand.
Brielle had thought nothing of Dustin's European manners. A polite kiss on the hand was customary, after all. But under Max's scrutiny, she felt that patch of skin burn. Her fingers curled involuntarily, and before she could react, Max was wiping her hand meticulously with a disinfectant wipe, as if handling a precious artifact.
Brielle knew he was upset, but his careful actions conveyed respect and care.
Affection was like moon-gazing. You didn't just see the moon. It illuminated you even before. you looked up.
And so, she was willing to let her guard down around Max, even relinquishing control of her body to him. She couldn't help feeling shy in his presence, her transparency leaving no need to hide her emotions.
Yet she was certain - she didn't love Max. Or rather, the moment hadn't come for her to feel that she loved Max.
###Chapter 403
Chapter 403
Max wiped his hands on the napkin, his gaze lifting to meet hers. "So, the bigwig from that underground poker den didn't give you any trouble?"
Brielle didn't need to elaborate. She could tell Max had a pretty good idea of the hand she'd played that night.
200
"Nah, I did run into him, though. Is he from around Beaconsfield? Do you two know each other?" Max shook his head, his fingertips casually tracing the edge of his own glass. The gesture held no disrespect; rather, it was oddly captivating. "The casino doesn't intersect with Dorsey International's business. We're not acquainted, just aware of each other's circles."
Hearing this, Brielle had a hunch that the man she had just met was more familiar with Max than he let on. Otherwise, he wouldn't have asked those questions.
Upon reaching the Premier Palace, Brielle didn't play coy about going home. It wasn't her first time here, after all. She followed Max with the ease of familiarity, her curiosity getting the best of her. "Where were you tonight?"
"The Dorsey family. Ryan went and spilled the beans about William's stunt to Father."
Brielle's lips twitched into a wry smile. She'd expected Ryan to make a move, but not this swiftly.
She waited for Max to continue as they approached his bedroom, but once the door shut behind them, the room plunged into darkness. Guided only by the faint streetlights outside, Brielle could barely make out Max's silhouette. His fingers traced a path from her neck down her arm, coming to rest on her wrist. The spot where she should have worn the rosary he'd given her
was bare.
Brielle held her breath, feeling her heart leap into her throat with each of Max's deliberate touches. It was as if he was clueless about the art of flirtation, yet every move he made was irresistibly stirring. She was about to tiptoe up for a kiss when she heard him say, "Father. demoted William and instructed me to call Ryan back to Dorsey International to take over some of his duties."
This was a clear cut to William's influence, but was this really the time to talk business?
Brielle's cheeks flushed, realizing she'd been too eager. She coughed softly, lowering her tiptoed stance.
"In doing so, my own position is secured. William's definitely harboring resentment towards Ryan. Their little tug-of-war might just keep him from scheming against me for a while." The recent ordeal with Sarah had left Brielle feeling vulnerable. If she couldn't confront William head-on, then she'd have to play the long game, letting others restrain him. "And with Daniel detained by the casino, William has lost his grip on the young heir. His plans.
Chapter 403
to pressure Kingston Enterprises into a contract concession have backfired - not only has he alienated them, but he's also brought Ryan back to Dorsey International. Talk about a botched. job." Brielle was quite pleased with the chaos she'd orchestrated. Ryan was more manageable than William. If she could bring Ryan back to Dorsey International, she could just as easily send him packing again. "Max, I-" Before she could finish, Max's phone buzzed to life, shattering the intimate atmosphere. It was Dustin calling.
Max didn't answer; he simply hung up.
But seconds later, a new message popped up on his screen. [Little Brie didn't resist my arm around her tonight. Does that mean I can whisk her away on a vacation next time? *smug*] Some people just couldn't help but be sleazy.
###Chapter 404
Chapter 404
Max tasted the bitter sting of jealousy for the first time, as if a glass of lemonade had spilled over, sour and unrelenting. He glanced down at Brielle, feeling the chill around him grow colder by the second. Brielle shivered slightly, puzzled at the sudden shift in his mood.
"Did you let Dustin wrap his arms around you?" he asked, the jealousy in his heart seeping into his words.
Brielle was taken aback. Had Dustin hugged her? She couldn't recall for sure, but she remembered feeling unusually at ease around him. She knew Dustin was a charmer, but from the first time they met, his gaze upon her had been nothing but genuine. Now that she thought about it. Dustin had indeed embraced her. A flicker of guilt crossed her face.
That flicker was enough to intensify the jealousy swirling in Max's chest. He took a deep breath. pulled her into an embrace, and then slowly guided her towards the plush bed by the floor-to-ceiling window.
Brielle resisted a little. "I'd like to take a shower."
Max pecked her on the lips, sensing her reluctance, and let her go.
She got up and retrieved a silky nightgown from the bedroom wardrobe before retreating to the bathroom. As soon as the sound of running water filled the bathroom, Max heard a knock at the door-it was Wesley, the butler.
"Sir." Wesley said, bowing respectfully, "there are a few details to discuss regarding Ms. Martha's transfer."
Max frowned. Martha had been insistent on returning to her home country, so he had been in the process of coordinating with facilities back home, but he wasn't comfortable with just any facility, hence the meticulous selection process. Martha had suffered her incident back home. and Max could not afford to take any chances.
After showering in another room, he headed to his study. The computer was on, with several people waiting on the other end for an online meeting. Dorsey International had a diverse portfolio, but it hadn't ventured into healthcare. If anyone in Beaconsfield had clout in the medical field, it was the Rowland family.
The Rowland family's main business was healthcare, with stakes in several of the country's most renowned hospitals. Without hesitation, Max had reached out to the Rowlands and secured a spot in one of their best nursing homes.
The Rowlands, aware that Martha would be in their care, were on high alert, leaving no stone unturned to ensure her comfort.
Just as Max finalized these arrangements, the study door opened. Brielle entered, her hair loose and wearing a silken nightgown that highlighted her delicate skin. She had a perfect
1/2
1756
Chapter 404
complexion, and the steam from the shower had flushed her skin, making her look even more enticing.
Max's eyes darkened at the sight. He shut down his computer, walked over to her, and pressed her down onto the soft leather sofa in the study.
Brielle blushed, sinking into the sola's cushioning embrace.
Max's kisses were gentle, cascading over her skin like water. Her skin flushed even more, yet he kept her pinned beneath him, carefully observing every nuance of her expression. He wanted more than just to see her belly exposed; he wanted this hedgehog to unfurl completely, to reveal every inch of herself to him.
For Brielle, the physical sensation overwhelmed any embarrassment she might have felt. She suspected Max was still angry, and his actions now were a deliberate display of that anger.
Their skin touched, their warmth mingled, and she felt too exhausted to protest. Yet, whenever she tried to speak, he would steal away her breath, leaving her gasping for air.
A jealous man could indeed be frightening. In the end, Brielle surrendered, limp as if boneless. Deep down, she knew Max wasn't just upset about Dustin. It was also because she wasn't wearing the string of beads he had given her-a gift he must have pondered over deeply before presenting it to her.
But Brielle didn't want to wear it. To her, Max was like a rare diamond, which she wanted to keep hidden, away from prying eyes. The moment others noticed the diamond's brilliance, more would covet it, and she didn't feel strong enough to protect it. If she lost the diamond due to a moment of careless pride, the regret would haunt her for life..
She was also grateful to Max. He acted rather than questioned, showing a ferocity that was absent from his usual detachment. She loved his restraint and his calm, but she also loved him. now, colored with passion.
Chapter 405
###Chapter 405
Chapter 405
It was 3 a.m. when everything came to an end, and she was too exhausted to lift a finger.
Max scooped her up and headed towards the master bedroom. He was only wearing a robe. In her groggy state. Brielle couldn't help but worry about being caught by someone. But as it turned out, they went unnoticed, and once she was laid on the bed in the bedroom, she fell into a deep sleep from sheer fatigue.
Max fetched a towel from the bathroom and gently wiped down her skin inch by inch. So when Brielle woke up the next day, she felt clean and refreshed all over.
Lazily snuggled in bed, she didn't want to move, and noticed it was still snowing outside.
Max must have gone to the office by now. She lay there for another ten minutes before slowly getting up. Right after freshening up, there was a knock on the door. It was the butler, Wesley.
"Ms. Brielle, breakfast is ready." he announced.
Feeling weak all over, Brielle mustered just enough energy to head downstairs for breakfast.
Wesley had thoughtfully set up her laptop for her. After eating, Brielle settled on the couch with her laptop to take care of some business matters. She first touched base with Mason, discussing the ten-billion- dollar fund situation.
There was silence on Mason's end for a few seconds before he asked, somewhat uncertainly. [Could you repeat that? How much?]
Even through the screen, Brielle could imagine his expression. [Ten billion.]
Mason was silent for a full minute before sending a message. [Brielle, you're a legend!]
Brielle chuckled, feeling a great sense of satisfaction.
After cheerfully replying to Mason, she opened the company's official forum. Sarah's name was still in the headlines, but Brielle's was not. She checked the outside public opinion; everyone was waiting for the police results.
Brielle had already stepped out of this mess, but another piece of news caught her eye on the website. It was about Max and Alivia's upcoming engagement.
She frowned and couldn't help but scroll through the feed, discovering that the speculation was due to Max's black bracelet going missing.
She couldn't help but ask anonymously, "Why does a missing bracelet signal an impending wedding?"
The buzzing forum went quiet for a few minutes before replies started pouring in.
"Because Alivia's rosary is missing too."
"Yeah, I just saw a photo of Alivia abroad, and the thing on her wrist is indeed gone."
1/2
12:57
Chapter 405
"Did they make some kind of pact?"
Seeing this, Brielle continued scrolling and Indeed found a recent photo of Alivia, sans bracelet. Both of them had worn identical pieces before, and now both were missing, which naturally fueled speculation. If it weren't for Max's rosary ending up with her, Brielle would have thought the same.
Brielle closed the forum; she wasn't angry but felt like she'd been hit with a mallet.
Alivia could involve herself in Dorsey International's affairs. The Barnes family was on good terms with the Dorsey clan. Alivia's brother and Max were longtime friends, and she had been admitted to a top-tier research Institute. Alivia and Max were childhood friends.
If Max's life were a movie, Alivia would be the tailor-made leading lady. She had looks, family background, and capability - she had it all.
Brielle dropped her gaze, thinking not only of these but also of Alivia's tactics.
Alivia was quietly stirring up trouble from abroad. She was clearly up to no good. She had already made her move; Noah was but a pawn.
Taking a deep breath, Brielle didn't look any further but felt a sense of impending crisis.
That afternoon, she still went to the office. Shortly after arriving at her desk, a colleague came in and informed her of a meeting on the top floor in twenty minutes.
Brielle nodded, picked up her documents, and headed to the private elevator. But what she didn't expect was to find Spencer inside.
By now, her feelings toward Spencer were not just of disdain but of outright disgust.
Max had been rather rough the night before, leaving not an inch of her skin untouched, so she had worn a white scarf today. However, to a veteran like Spencer, it wouldn't be hard to guess why she was wearing a scarf.
Just as Brielle thought to step back, Spencer's hand shot out and yanked her inside. "Let go!" Her tone was cold, and then her scarf was pulled away, revealing a patchwork of marks.
Spencer's pupils shrank violently, his grip on her shoulders almost uncontrollable. "Brielle, how low can you go? Do you actually enjoy being his plaything?!"
###Chapter 406
Chapter 406
Brielle took a deep breath. Her leg swung up in a swift arc aimed squarely at his groin. Spencer was clouded by anger and failed to dodge; his face turned ashen with pain.
Brielle found him repugnant. Her disdain was so intense that merely sharing the same air felt suffocating. "Spencer, whether I like someone or not is my business. We're not even strangers at this point. What gives you the right to pass judgment on my life?"
Spencer, wincing with pain, shot back a furlous glare. "Don't play dumb with me. I know that guy is Max. You've been rolling in the hay with him, and you really think he's into you? Alivia will be back in town soon, and you won't even see what hit you. Brielle, once he tires of you, he'll kick you to the curb."
Hearing the certainty in Spencer's voice, Brielle knew he must have found some damning evidence.
Spencer sneered, "You only threw yourself at him to get back at me, didn't you? Does he know why? A woman who'd give herself away so easily just to spite her ex-fiancé is hardly worthy of affection. Brielle, you should really know your place."
Spencer wished he could hurl every insult at Brielle. The marks on her neck were so fresh. They must have been from last night.
How dare she?
Just thinking about them tangled up all night made his stomach churn with nausea.
The elevator had reached the top floor. Tired of the exchange, Brielle was about to exit when Spencer added, "Brielle, you'll regret this."
Brielle paused, fed up with Spencer's nonsense. She stepped back towards him, closing the distance between them.
"Regret what? Regret sleeping with such a catch? You're right, Spencer. I do enjoy being with him. What about it?"
A look of surprise crossed Spencer's face, and for a moment, he was at a loss for words. In his mind, even if Brielle were the lowest of the low, she wouldn't stoop to such vulgar speech. Yet not only had she spoken those words, but she did so with a chilling detachment.
His Adam's apple bobbed involuntarily, finding her sudden change from icy to desirous strangely alluring. The stark contrast excited him in a shameful way. He couldn't help but wonder what Brielle was like in bed. Was her voice as enticing as her defiance?
His eyes betrayed too much, and Brielle frowned in disgust. "Keep your filthy thoughts to yourself. I told you before, I'd rather hire an escort than be with you."
Her words were a brutal stomp on Spencer's ego. The physical pain had subsided, and now Spencer straightened up, his laugh cold. "You'll come crawling back to me in tears one day.
1/2
12:57
Chapter 406
Just wait."
Brielle shuddered with revulsion, eager to leave the elevator. Spencer followed, his face a pallid mask of fury.
As Brielle approached the conference room, she saw Ryan.
Having fought hard to return to Dorsey International, Ryan was now the picture of success, greeting the executives one by one. Seeing Brielle, his smile widened. "Brielle, perfect timing. I have you to thank for this turn of events."
Ryan, the old fox, was deftly shifting the attention. It was as if he was saying to everyone, "Curious how I came back? It was all Brielle's doing. She was the mastermind behind my return."
Brielle kept a composed face, though inwardly, she rolled her eyes at his ingratitude. "Mr. Ryan, you jest."
i everyone
She chose not to elaborate. In times like these, the less said, the better. After knew she had recently suffered from cyberbullying. She wouldn't have had the time to meddle in Ryan's affairs. Ryan was simply seeking a scapegoat, and they were not fools.
As the atmosphere grew tense, William arrived. Despite a significant fall from grace, William maintained his trademark smile, though his eyes lingered on Brielle for a moment. Brielle pretended not to notice and followed the other executives into the conference room.
Ryan and William remained behind. William's expression darkened, while Ryan's smile persisted. "William, I look forward to learning from you again."
A portion of William's business had been allocated to Ryan, who had also intended to push the troublesome Kingston Enterprises contract onto Ryan. The young heir of Kingston Enterprises had plenty of skeletons in his closet, which, if exposed, would affect the business deal. But Ryan, having grown wiser during his absence, flatly refused. Thus, William was stuck with a project he knew was doomed. Damn that Brielle. A chill passed through William's eyes, but when he spotted Spencer, an ideal
took root.
###Chapter 407
Chapter 407
Ryan had been keeping an eye on Spencer, but the man seemed to be miles away in his own head. Giving him a nudge, Ryan said. "Keep your head in the game up here, and Brielle's job will be yours before you know it."
Spencer didn't respond. He just nodded. He wasn't part of the upper echelon at Dorsey International anymore; he had no business attending meetings. Seeing Brielle so smug and successful only twisted the knife deeper for him.
Everything Brielle has now, she took from him- the prestige, the social standing, and even the man she's associated with. Isn't it only because she knew him, a member of the Dorsey family. that she found herself in the arms of Max? Just thinking about it made his blood boil.
As soon as Ryan left, William clapped Spencer on the shoulder. "Chin up, Spencer. At the end of the day, this is all on Brielle."
Spencer remained silent, but his hand, hanging by his side, clenched into a fist, throbbing with pain.
William noted the look on Spencer's face and allowed a crooked smile to form. "Taking complete control of someone is easy, especially someone like Brielle. Crush her career. alienate her friends, break her spirit, and she'll see your worth when she's lost everything. You can't be soft with women, Spencer. Brielle has too much right now, and you're just an option to her. But when she hits rock bottom, she'll realize how precious you are."
William was a master at manipulating emotions. Seeing the longing in Spencer's eyes, William gave his advice from the perspective of an elder, but every word was laced with the temptation to lead Spencer astray.
Spencer, however, was blind to this. He felt every word was gospel truth. Brielle was too arrogant. Only by breaking her, piece by piece, would she give him a second glance.
Spencer lost all restraint as he remembered his sleepless nights while she reveled with Max. Why should he suffer alone? If misery were the game, then they would all play. Sensing Spencer's resolve, William patted his shoulder meaningfully and then entered the boardroom.
The meeting lasted two hours, and Max was absent. Brielle knew Max was a busy man and didn't bother to track his every move.
When it ended, she grabbed her documents and was about to leave when she heard William call out. "Brielle."
She frowned slightly but still managed a smile as she turned. "Mr. William, what can I do for you?"
William approached her slowly. "I heard about your triumph at the casino last night.
Congratulations."
13:57
Chapter 407
Brielle knew she couldn't keep it a secret; the high society was a small world, and by now, her name was surely making the rounds.
"You've surprised me." William's voice was soft, almost intimate, as he leaned in. "Being with Max without any real commitment, don't you feel undervalued? You know, my son is about Max's age. If you were with him-"
She cut him off mid-sentence. "Mr. William, is this about the ten billion? I'd think you're not that hard up for cash."
This stung William, his usually calm and collected facade cracking as he pressed his lips together, staring coldly at Brielle.
Brielle met his gaze unflinchingly, lifting the documents in her hand slightly. "Sorry, I've got work to do in my department."
The other executives hadn't left yet and had witnessed the tense exchange. The HR Director inwardly admired Brielle's fortitude. She had managed to strip the cunning William down to his true colors. William's face remained frozen for a full minute, rooted to the spot. By the time he snapped out of it, Brielle was already gone. Fuming inside, he wanted nothing more than to tear the insufferable woman apart. But with all eyes on him, he had to maintain his composure, so he smiled at the other executives as if nothing had happened.
They all felt the awkwardness of the moment, pretended it hadn't happened, and quickly dispersed.
What irked William the most was Ryan passing by with a deliberate sneer. Ryan was impulsive and vicious, but these childish acts made William lose it.
Taking a deep breath to compose himself after everyone had left, William kicked over a nearby. chair in a fit of rage. "Bitch!"
Chapter 408
###Chapter 408
Chapter 408
Brielle leaned against the cold marble column near the elevator, her gaze following Ryan and Spencer as they approached. Before they could spot her, she deftly slipped behind the pillar,
out of view.
Ryan, true to Brielle's expectations, was at loggerheads with William. When Ryan was part of the Dorsey International team, he hung on to every word William said. Even if he begrudged it inwardly, he was professional on the surface. There was a time when Ryan thought he and William were teaming up against Max. After Max had him ousted, Ryan had sought out William, hoping for some brotherly intervention to get him reinstated. William, however, deflected with excuses at every turn.
After a few such encounters, Ryan realized they were never really a team, just two soldiers fighting their own separate battles..
Now that Ryan had stepped over William to make his comeback, he wasn't about to start showing any deference as he used to.
Ryan seemed to be in high spirits, a smile playing on his lips as he waited for the elevator. He playfully clapped Spencer on the back. "Spencer, you didn't let me down this time, buddy. Clever move aligning with Noah,” Ryan said, barely containing his glee. "You should have seen. William's face just now. Oh, it was priceless!"
Spencer didn't seem to share his father's enthusiasm. His mind was elsewhere as he asked, "Dad, is it true that Uncle Max's mom is considering moving back stateside?"
Ryan's expression stiffened, his mood souring. "Why do you care about her? That crazy old bat, always causing a scene at the drop of a hat."
Ryan's face twisted with distaste as he massaged his temples. "Don't worry about things that don't concern you. Focus on how you're going to convince Max to give you a promotion. You can't just keep doing the small-time deals under Noah's shadow. It's beneath a Dorsey family member."
Spencer took a deep breath. A promotion from Max? That was wishful thinking-Max would probably be happy to see him gone. But it didn't matter. With Max's mom coming back, Alivia's status would skyrocket, and Brielle would have to face the harsh reality that she meant nothing
to Max.
With a sneer, Spencer followed Ryan Into the elevator.
Once they were gone, Brielle stepped out from behind the pillar. Tiffanie had already informed her about Max's mother's potential move back home, and Alivia's likely return. Max hadn't attended today's meeting-was he busy with this?
Brielle tried to focus on her work in her department but found it difficult to concentrate on the tasks at hand. As the day neared its end, her phone rang. It was Tiffanie.
"Brielle, have you seen the news?" Tiffanie asked.
1/2
12:57 L
Charder 40p
"What news?"
Tiffanie sounded exasperated. "About Alivia coming back home, of course. The media is all over it. She's being halled as a prodlay, the youngest head of a research Institute," Brielle flicked on her computer and, sure enough, Alivia was the headline, Alivia may not have been a stunner at first glance, but she had a gentle beauty and soft-spoken manner. Prominent universities back home were even sharing the news of her return-a level of clout that seemed reserved for Alivia among her peers.
Tiffanie was still talking. "Do you have any idea what being the head of a research Institute branch means back home? That's a position with massive resources at your fingertips. I bet. Dustin's visit was tied to this."
"Isn't Infinity Brilliance a leader in the diamond Industry? What's that got to do with a research institute?"
Tiffanie realized Brielle was clueless and patiently explained. "Dustin may be a playboy, but his family is old money In North America. Diamonds are their main gig, sure, but they have deep. ties to international politics-royalty even. He turned down a title from the Queen, for goodness' sake. Plus, research Institutes abroad often link up with capital and need funding-big funding. And guess who's the major shareholder In most of them? Infinity Brillance. So, when you hear about an institute expansion, you can bet Dustin's financing it. Why else would he be here now?"
Brielle knew-Infinity Brilliance was a powerhouse, but she hadn't realized Dustin's influence ran so deep.
Tiffanie, not hearing a response, thought Brielle was disheartened. "Hey, don't worry. Max is into you right now, and that's what matters. Forget Alivia. She doesn't mean a thing to him. But I just wanted to give you a heads up-Alivia isn't as great as everyone says. If you cross paths, just be careful, okay?"
12:57
2/2
Chapter 439
###Chapter 409
Chapter 409
Tiffanie had her reasons for being so wary of Alivia, especially since she'd seen firsthand how Alivia tormented any woman who showed interest in Max.
Alivia was born with a silver spoon in her mouth, and her path as the darling of high society was set from the moment she drew her first breath. She was nothing like Tessa. The Rowland family hadn't given Tessa much attention until recently, so she cherished her newfound influence all the more.
As for Alivia, she believed the world revolved around her, and Max was tailor-made to fit into her orbit. Still, her brand of arrogance was unlike most; at least to elders and peers, she lived up to the label "exceptional."
Had Tiffanie not witnessed Alivia, in a fit of spite, crush the hand of a young, promising pianist with her stiletto heel, she might have been fooled into thinking Alivia was mild-mannered.
The pianist was touted as the next big thing, a veritable prodigy, but after that incident, her career was over, and she disappeared from the public eye. Everyone whispered about an accident, but Tiffanie knew it was sabotage.
Alivia was cold-hearted and a master of disguise, and Brielle was no match for her.
Despite Tiffanie's warnings, it was too late. Alivia had already removed her rosary, a clear sign. she knew about the missing one from Max's wrist. It was evident she'd come back to square things up with Brielle.
"Tiffanie, thank you," Brielle said, her voice tinged with gratitude.
The corners of Tiffanie's mouth turned up in a small smile. "Don't mention it. Just remember,
I've always got your back."
Brielle's thoughts drifted to Mason, and she couldn't help but probe. "How are things between you and Mason?"
There was
a brief silence before Tiffanie let out a forced laugh. "You don't seriously think we're an item, do you?"
Brielle frowned, puzzled by her response. Weren't they together?
"I admit, I'm drawn to his looks, but the idea of being tied down to one guy for life? Please, I'll probably move on once the thrill fades. Dustin's a catch, though I bet he's out of my league."
Whether Tiffanie spoke the truth or jest, Brielle couldn't tell Tiffanie was never one to hide her affections; her crushes were as blatant as billboards. Now she spoke of non-commitment. leaving Brielle at a loss for words.
Tiffanie could sense Brielle's confusion and sighed. "I tried, you know. But I can't do
monogamy. I can't learn to love in the way most people do. I need something more... universal. Not the 'you're the only one for me' kind of love."
1257
Chapter 409
Universal love meant the ability to care for someone while equally capable of caring for others, just with a bit more passion for one person. But love, unlike friendship or family affection, was exclusive. Brielle couldn't blame her. In their circle, who had truly experienced love? None of them. The capacity to love was either innate or forever out of reach.
Tiffanie was genuine, but her genuineness didn't equate to faithfulness. In fact, it could be profoundly hurtful.
Her relationship with Mason was a "fauxmance." filled with activities befitting a couple-dining out, watching movies-yet emotionally hollow from Tiffanie's perspective. Her desire for a
relationship was a yearning for intimacy, but her verbal denials signaled a deep-seated fear of
1. it.
So, when she claimed they weren't dating, she found a balance between longing and trepidation.
But this was not love; it was an imitation of it-a superficial intimacy crafted by Tiffanie to stave off loneliness and shield herself from potential heartache.
Realizing this, Brielle felt a wave of sadness and sympathy wash over her. After hanging up. she sat lost in thought until it was time to leave work. As she was about to head home, a text from Max buzzed on her phone. [My mother is returning stateside soon. I have to handle her discharge paperwork. Take care of yourself.]
Brielle's heart warmed as she replied with a simple acknowledgment. She thought that'd be the end of their exchange for now, but as she reached her car, another text from Max came in. [Keep your distance from Dustin.]
A chuckle escaped her lips. She was curious about what Dustin had said to Max to provoke such caution. [Understood.] She sent her reply and approached the Dorsey Tower entrance.
"Crash!"
A potted plant, half a meter tall, shattered behind her, scattering soil and shards across the pavement. Had she been a moment slower, it would have concussed her.
Her expression turned icy as she noticed William exiting the building, flanked by executives. He greeted her with his usual warmth. "Seems like we've got a mighty wind here in Beaconsfield this month, Ms. Haywood. Are you alright?"
"Is it the wind of Beaconsfield that's strong, or is it your ambitions, Mr. William?"
Brielle met his gaze with a defiant smile, unflinching in the face of danger.
2/2
###Chapter 410
Chapter 410
The air was thick with tension.
William's face turned icy, his expression souring by the second. The few executives surrounding him sensed the tension ramping up between him and Brielle and, feigning deafness, made a hasty retreat.
Brielle stood her ground, watching William approach with a steely gaze. Ever since the debacle with Sarah that William had engineered, there was no pretense of civility between them. "Brielle," he began with a sneer. "You flirt with Max on the one hand, while you help Ryan, your ex-father-in-law, claw his way back into Dorsey International. Does Max know about your undying torch for Spencer? This time, Spencer really should be thanking you."
"Mr. William, you needn't worry about my affairs. Perhaps you should concern yourself with your own issues. The police are investigating Sarah's case, and I'm sure the puppet master behind the scenes is starting to sweat, aren't they?"
William's eyes darkened, a mix of amusement and malice dancing within them. How could the police possibly trace anything back to him? He'd been playing the game in Beaconsfield for years, with plenty of pawns willing to fall on their swords for him. Brielle was just too naive if she thought the world was black and white.
"Brielle, you're a ridiculous," he taunted. "Just wait until Michael hears about your little escapades with Max. Both of you will be in deep trouble, especially Max. He'll lose all trust from Michael." And then, there would be no place for Max in the Dorsey family.
"Mr. William, who's the real fool here? Max's vision encompasses mountains and seas, but your sight is forever confined under the Dorsey family's roof. You use gentility as a tool to probe hearts and your privileged cunning to curry favor with Michael. I now see why Max never bothered to mention you. Someone who can't see beyond the Dorsey family's shadow simply doesn't qualify as his adversary." Her words hit him like a physical blow.
William's face contorted with rage. No one had ever humiliated him like this!
His jaw clenched so tight he thought his teeth might crack, his carefully maintained facade crumbling away. He could barely breathe, his fury shaking with each exhale. Catching a glimpse of pity in Brielle's eyes only added to his humiliation.
Brielle, that damned bietch!
He had lived as the Dorsey family's eldest for years, only to be outdone by someone two decades his junior. It was a cruel joke.
Max was a prodigy alright, but what right did he have to be the chosen successor?
1/2
12:57
Chapter 410
William's countenance grew colder, bordering on murderous. He felt an almost uncontrollable urge to strangle Brielle on the spot. To him, Brielle was nothing but an ant, easily crushed. underfoot. Yet she dared to provoke him in his own minefield.
His lips pressed into a thin line. It was only by a sliver of remaining sanity that he didn't lash out then and there. The storm in his eyes was brewing, and he finally forced himself to turn and walk to the waiting
car.
After he drove off, Brielle remained rooted to the spot. She wasn't intended to provoke William, but she couldn't just sit idly by with her life on the line.
Her palms were sweaty, and she knew that had it been a second later, she would be dead. The flower pot dropping from such a height was no accident; it was clear she wasn't meant to
survive.
Avoiding William wasn't an option; he already saw her as a thorn in his side and was eager to remove her.
Once William was in the car, his internal turmoil continued. His grip tightened as he watched Brielle from a distance.
Brielle felt as if a venomous snake was watching her, and only when the car was hundreds of meters away did that oppressive gaze vanish. Clutching her upset stomach, she frowned slightly. Was the confrontation causing her stomach issues to flare up?
She made her way to a nearby pharmacy by Pearl Estate, barely managing to request some antacids, but the pharmacist, noticing her pallor, asked the routine question.
"Do you have period cramps? Do you usually take painkillers for it?"
Brielle froze, her fingers tightening over her abdomen. Her period, it had been a while...
Panic set in, and the pharmacist, mistaking her reaction for confirmation, reached for a box of ibuprofen. "If the pain's that bad, take this," he suggested.
But Brielle's eyes were fixed on the pregnancy tests behind him, her breath catching. She and Max hadn't been careful, and now she was to blame for forgetting something so critical.
"I'll take one of those," she pointed, her voice betraying her unease.
The pharmacist gave her a knowing look. "Young lady, remember to use protection next time. It's irresponsible not to, and if you are pregnant, what then if the man doesn't step up? Just yesterday, I had a young guy, barely twenty, asking for abortion pills."
Feeling a heatwave envelop her body, Brielle grabbed the pregnancy test and hurried back to Pearl Estate. Once home, with the test in hand and the computer on the coffee table still. displaying the news of Alivia's return to the country, she felt utterly drained.
###Chapter 411
Chapter 411
Brielle's stomach churned uneasily as she stared at the pregnancy test in her hand, feeling utterly clueless for the first time. She had attempted to tear open the wrapper several times but couldn't muster the courage. Instead, she just leaned back on the couch, trying to alleviate the pain in her abdomen.
It was almost laughable that a woman could forget to take precautions during an intimate encounter with a man.
Was Max's devilishly handsome face so distracting, or did she, somewhere deep down, actually want to leave something behind from their fleeting moments together?
But this lovesick foolishness was so not Brielle.
She sighed, simply sitting on the couch, lost in thought. Eventually, she fell asleep right there, slumped over the armrest.
When she woke up at nine in the morning, dark circles had taken up residence under her eyes. She was already late for work. Glancing at the pregnancy test, still unopened, Brielle massaged her temples and headed to the bathroom to freshen up. Finally, she ripped open the wrapper.
Six minutes later, she stared at the two lines on the stick, her mind going blank. The pregnancy test felt like it was burning her hand. Once she snapped back to reality, she chucked it into the trash bin. With no appetite for breakfast, she sat back on the couch, zoning out just like the night before. Her computer automatically updated with new messages.
Photos of Alivia and Max had already hit the front-page headlines. And there was Alivia, supporting a figure dressed in an elegant suit. The media only captured a back shot. Speculation was rife that this was Max's mother-Martha.
Brielle stared blankly at the screen as every channel buzzed with news about the power couple. The media was even hyping up their matching rosaries, positing that the wedding bells would ring within the month.
Whispers suggested that even Martha's return to the country was to orchestrate Max's nuptials.
"A match made in high society heaven."
"Are the golden girl and golden boy compromising for love, or is it just another tale of aristocratic romance?"
"Everyone loves a storybook romance, and Max and Alivia are living proof that fairy tales come true."
Beyond the media frenzy, online commenters were leaving thousands of messages, and the buzz was relentless.
Brielle, staring at the photos and videos, along with the revelry of the comments, felt eerily calm. She knew full well the clout Alivia wielded in Beaconsfield, so none of this came as a surprise. Her thoughts drifted back to the pregnancy test with the damning two lines. She had no idea
what to do next.
By noon, she dragged herself to Dorsey International, still in a daze. It was clear to the whole department that she was distracted. Even the documents she reviewed were riddled with
errors.
"Ms. Haywood, if you're not feeling well, maybe you should take a sick day?" her colleagues suggested, genuinely concerned for her well-being.
Brielle seemed to snap back to reality, noticing her scribbles on the documents, and again. pressed a hand to her temple.
"I'll be okay in a bit," she assured them.
But just then, Spencer walked in. Brielle's face darkened immediately. Why couldn't this guy. take a hint?
Spencer noticed the slightly pale look on Brielle's face, his eyes full of triumph. "Alivia only just got back, and she already can't stand it?" he thought. The employee standing by, aware of the past grievances between the two, wisely left. Once she had left, Brielle looked up without courtesy. "Get out." But Spencer didn't seem angry, rather there was a sense of smug satisfaction. "Brielle, Uncle Max left you to go pick up Alivia. You must be very upset?" Brielle thought Spencer was seriously sick in the head. She was never pleasant to him, yet he kept coming back for more.
"I'm indeed very upset. You know how thirsty I am." She said with mock severity, trying to rattle
him.
Spencer, however, seemed taken aback and struggled to respond. "Since when did you start talking so coarsely?" But he couldn't deny the rush of excitement he felt.
The words Brielle had uttered yesterday-"I do enjoy being with him on bed"-had haunted his dreams all night, her voice echoing, her flushed face haunting him.
Spencer had gone through adolescence like anyone else, but this was the first time since reaching adulthood that he felt embarrassed by a dream about a woman. In the morning, he had even thrown away his pants in a guilty panic, as if they were tainted with his dirty thoughts.
###Chapter 412
Chapter 412
He had toyed with the idea of Inviting that woman whose voice was a dead ringer for Brielle back to his hotel room, but he hadn't snagged her contact Information after their last encounter. Spencer's Adam's apple bobbed as he lowered his volce. "If you're itching for it, I can satisfy you right here in the office,"
No sooner had the words left his lips than a cup of coffee splashed on his face. The brown stain of the coffee slid down his cheek, soaking through his sult to the white shirt beneath.
Brielle hadn't expected Spencer to be so brazen, so utterly shameless. A colleague had brought in the coffee, but due to the morning's positive pregnancy test, she hadn't touched it, and it had gone cold. Spencer wiped his face, unsurprised by Brielle's retort. "Are you still holding out for Uncle Max to sweep you off your feet? Brielle, how low can you get?"
The more he insulted her, the more it pained him.
"Get out." Brielle shifted her gaze to the computer, unwilling to waste any energy on such a
person.
With pursed lips, Spencer gave her one deep look and then pushed the door open to leave.
The colleagues outside saw his coffee-stained figure but dared not stare, all thinking Ms. Haywood was the real powerhouse.
Once Spencer entered the elevator, he leaned against the wall, catching his breath, and glanced at his arousal. It wasn't Brielle who was cheap, it was him, so cheap that despite knowing her disdain, he almost lost it over her words.
Frustrated, he punched the elevator wall. With no outlet for his pent-up energy, he felt suffocated.
Back in the office, Brielle felt nothing but irritable. She had a sharp sense that Spencer had changed; his eyes held not only disgust but something more that made her feel endangered. But she had no time to dwell on these feelings. Her mind was preoccupied with the two lines. on the pregnancy test, still feeling like an illusion.
Her computer kept pinging with notifications. The Beaconsfield media was all praise for Alivia, nearly putting her on a pedestal. And as for Max, he was already a figure of reverence.
Brielle felt no stirrings in her heart, nor did she call Max to ask about the details. She had long known Alivia's maneuvers, how she hid behind others in an armor of generosity and gentleness, deceiving the public.
This media circus, this deluge of blessings, was Alivia's warning shot. If Brielle showed any sign of weakness now, she'd be conceding defeat to Alivia before their battle had even begun.
1/2
12:58
Alvia's spectacle was meant to provoke her. Il Brielle called Max now to check on him, she would seem petty in comparison to Alivia's poised and dunified front after all, Alivia had truly taken care of Martha for years.
gaze dropping to her belly with heavy thoughts. This was a
Belle shut down her computer, her gaze dro the problem.
Meanwhile, at the Rowland Health Center.
This was Beaconsfield's most prestiulous sanatorium, and Martha's thousand-square-foot villa was dedicated to her service alone. The treatment rivaled that of any facility abroad. However, ever since her return, her spirits had been laul. Her hands lightly clutched the sleeves of Max's suit
Max had someone bring in a light meal for her, but Martha just waved it away, "Max, why don't you stay for dinner tonight? It's been ages since we've had a meal together,"
Max's thoughts still lingered on Brielle, but seeing Martha's weary and anxious face, he nodded. "Alright."
Martha's expression softened, and she eventually drifted off to sleep.
Upon leaving, Max pulled out his phone, intending to call Brielle to explain the situation. But Alvia approached, a smile appearing on her face upon seeing him still there. "Max, I thought. you'd have gone back by now."
She noticed his phone in his hand, but her expression remained unchanged. "Do you remember our last conversation? I asked if you had someone special, and you said maybe. What about. now? Have you made up your mind?"
Max looked into the distance, his face lighting up with an Involuntary smile at the thought of Brielle. "Yeah."
The word plunged into Alivia's heart like a knife, swift and unhesitating. Despite agony in her heart, her face betrayed nothing. "Really? Congratulations. Are you planning to tell your
mother?"
"The situation with my mother isn't great. I'm not planning to tell her just yet. Plus, the woman I like has her reasons for not wanting to make our relationship public."
Alivia's jealousy made her tremble, unable to fathom someone who did not want to declare a relationship with a man like Max. Was Max waiting for this woman to give him commitment? How could Brielle be worthy? What gave her the right to have Max wait for her?
Alivia's nails dug into her palms, wishing she could subject Brielle to the cruelest tortures imaginable. The heartache Alivia felt now, Brielle would have to repay It a hundredfold!
But she couldn't rush. Brielle had never been her match, after all. All she needed to do was stir others into action against Brielle.
312
###Chapter 413
Chapter 413
Alivia's face still held a gentle warmth as she spoke, "We've known each other for so many years, and it's the first time I've heard you talk about someone special. She must be quite the catch. As a friend, I'm really happy for you. Are you sticking around for dinner tonight? If you're eager to be with her, maybe you should head over, especially with how outrageous the media has been today. I worry it might give her the wrong idea."
It was a tactical retreat. Alivia was playing her cards right by suggesting Max should go to Brielle and mentioning the media's exaggerated stories, implying that the media's fabrications. had nothing to do with her.
Having known Max for years, Alivia was aware that aside from his work, he hardly paid attention to anything else, let alone spontaneously checking someone's social media. That's why she felt confident enough to post those ambiguous messages on her own account, only to delete them shortly after posting. Even if someone took screenshots, she could claim it was malicious intent, and she'd still manage to come out squeaky clean.
In Alivia's eyes, Max's affection for Brielle was simply due to men's natural inclination to protect the vulnerable. Yes, it was because Brielle was less capable, less dazzling than Alivia was, that Max was momentarily beguiled by her.
Men didn't fancy women with too much guile; they felt threatened and found them hard to handle. But if she positioned herself as a humble admirer, whose every action sprang from her affection for him, what reason would Max have to be harsh with her?
If she could soften his heart just once, she knew it would gradually lead to a bond of
compassion, tipping the scales of love in her favor.
Even now, Alivia refused to believe that Max could truly love Brielle. She saw Brielle's emergence as a minor disturbance; as long as Alivia's relationship with Max could withstand this trial, she had nothing to fear from any future storms.
In short, Brielle was nothing more than a spice in Alivia's emotional recipe, not worth fretting over, and certainly not worth a full-scale war.
Still she had no intention of making life easy for her either.
Ultimately, Max set down his phone. "I'll stay. Spend time with Mom." He stood by the window. his voice indifferent.
A hint of amusement flickered in Alivia's eyes as her lips curled into a smile. "Aunt Martha will. be thrilled. I'll let the chef know to get started."
Max nodded, and it wasn't until he had left that he raised his hand to massage his temples.
Alivia's admiration was too evident, though she tried hard to disguise it. Max was no fool and could see right through it. He had rejected her once, twice, countless times, and had made his position crystal clear. But Alivia was cunning. Her admiration was open and seemingly without the intent to disturb him. If he couldn't tolerate even this, pushing her completely out of sight, it
1/2
125
Chapter 413
would border on ingratitude, given how attentive Alivia had been to Martha over the years.
After all, she had said it herself; she was just a friend of many years. From Max's perspective, there seemed to be no fault to pick. But he still worried about Brielle getting the wrong idea. He never paid any mind to gossip, but he's not sure about Brielle.
So, he picked up the phone and stepped onto the balcony to call her.
Brielle was bagging up trash in the bathroom at that moment. She had tossed the pregnancy test into the bin that morning and hadn't thought about it since. Max could show up at any time: she couldn't let him see that.
Startled by Max's incoming call, she felt her heart clench and her grip loosening, dropping the trash to the floor. "Max?"
Just hearing her voice made Max feel a soft pang in his chest. "Have
"About to."
"Did you make something yourself?"
As Brielle picked up the scattered trash, she replied, "Yeah."
U had dinner yet?"
Distracted, she didn't notice the pregnancy test that had fallen under the sink cabinet. She hastily tied up the trash bag, feeling a bit like a thief.
"If you don't feel like cooking, I can have Patrick send over a chef."
"No need. I've not been that hungry lately."
Hearing her lack of appetite only made Max's smile grow. Was it jealousy over the medial reports?
He looked out at the twilight sky, his expression tender. "Brielle, don't believe the media. They're all talking nonsense. I've never thought of marrying Alivia."
What he really wanted to say was, "I have you now, so I've never thought of marrying Alivia."
In his twenty-something years, Max had never spoken such words to a woman, which gave him. a secret sense of embarrassment. It was as if he was breaking himself apart to be reassembled into a completely unfamiliar version of himself.
2/2
###Chapter 414
Chapter 414
Max had never truly understood the notions of fondness or yearning. His life was a constant climb, an unending quest for achievement, with scant regard for the journey's joys.
He was a man devoid of excess emotion; even during the year Martha descended into madness, he remained stoic.
His father always said he was born to do business. But now, a curious new sentiment was taking root within him, warming him to the core and leaving him utterly disconcerted. He didn't recognize this feeling as shyness; rather, it felt as if every pore was radiating heat. So, he never did utter the words, "because I found you.
His tone was even, and through the screen, Brielle couldn't see the expression that played upon his face, but for Max, even in the midst of a tempest, one would be hard-pressed to see him furrow his brow. Brielle paused, ensuring the trash bag was securely tied before heading downstairs. "I know."
Ever since Max had given her that rosary, she had a hunch about his feelings. But now, things were different. She glanced down at her belly and thought it wasn't the right time. Her world was in utter disarray.
"Brielle, is your loss of appetite because you're... jealous?" It was rare for Max, a man seemingly oblivious to the throes of love, to even recognize the concept of jealousy. "No. I just need some rest."
The hint of a smile in Max's eyes faded slightly. Was she not jealous? He furrowed his brow. wondering if Brielle really liked him. Wouldn't she feel uneasy knowing he was getting close to another woman? "Max, don't worry, I won't be affected by these trifles."
Trifles? Max's frown deepened, unsure of what he was feeling. He didn't want Brielle to be upset, yet if she truly felt no twinge of jealousy, he felt oddly deflated. This must've been what Andrew meant by 'torture."
"Yeah, as long as you trust me, that's all that matters."
After hanging up, he pursed his lips, a picture of puzzlement.
Just then, the chef rolled in the dinner cart, and he followed them inside. Martha hadn't rested long before she was up and smiling at Max, beckoning him over. "Max, come and sit down."
The room was spacious, with a large dining table by the window. Martha was already seated there, prim and proper.
Max walked over, taking a seat opposite her.
Martha's gaze shifted to the door, noting Alivia's absence, and frowned. "Where's Alivia? Did
1/2
12:58
Chapter 414
she leave? Max, how could you not Invite her to stay for dinner? After all these years, you still have no clue how to treat a lady."
As she finished speaking. Alivia entered, carrying a bowl of soup. "Aunt Martha, don't blame Max. I wanted to make you some soup to help you recover."
Martha stood up happily to take it, casting a reproachful glance at Max. "What are you waiting for? Max, go help her."
Max's face remained impassive; he didn't refuse but took the soup from Alivia's hands.
As Martha thought the two might grow closer, she heard Max say. "As I've said before, soup-making is best left to the professionals."
Alivia's face fell, a look of hurt flashing in her eyes.
Hearing Max's words, Martha felt exasperated, wondering how he could be so tactless, event with the woman who might be his future wife. She quickly took Alivia's hand, blowing on it affectionately. "Don't mind Max's nonsense. I'm truly touched you made soup for me. I can't wait for the day you join the Dorsey family."
Alivia glanced at Max, knowing that any hesitation or coyness would only erode his trust in her. Max had already made it clear he had someone else in his heart. "Aunt Martha, let's talk about that later. Max and I are still young. There's no rush.”
From Max's perspective, Alivia was making excuses for him. Although he was dissatisfied with the current atmosphere, he said nothing.
Martha smiled even more warmly, patting Alivia's hand. "Let's eat."
Max's mind was elsewhere during the meal, only picking at his food. When his phone rang, it provided the perfect excuse to leave.
"Mother, Alivia, please enjoy. I have to go to the office."
Martha's face clouded with displeasure. It was already late; why hurry to the office? "Max, it's been so long since we've had a peaceful meal together, and Alivia is here, too,"
Alivia swiftly served Martha some food. "Aunt Martha, there's no helping it. Max is busy with the company. Now that you're back in the country, we'll have plenty of opportunities to dine together. We can always do it next time."
Seemingly making excuses for Max, Alivia cleverly set the stage for another mealtime.
Chapter 415
###Chapter 415
Chapter 415
Martha couldn't help but chuckle, shooting Alivia a look of exasperated amusement. "You, my dear, haven't even walked down the aisle yet, and here you are, putting his needs first."
"Mother, enjoy your dinner," Max paid no mind to their conversation, his gaze steady and undisturbed.
As soon as he left, Alivia looked forlornly at her plate, her appetite completely gone.
Martha sighed with a mother's concern when she saw her daughter-in-law-to-be like that. "Last time you mentioned Max was seeing someone, who is she? Is it just a fling, or is he serious?"
Alivia slowly looked up, realizing her slip in composure, and forced a smile. "Aunt Martha, really, these matters are for Max to decide. Besides, I promised to keep his secrets. You've been. unwell; don't stress yourself over this."
The more understanding Alivia was, the more Martha's heart ached for her. Martha snorted dismissively. She was determined to find out who this sly girl was!
Alivia tactfully added, "I've heard she's an employee at Dorsey International. She must be quite competent, I suppose."
H
"An employee of Dorsey International? Competent, my foot! She's using her position to seduce her boss-everyone knows her game. Max won't be fooled by that kind of woman. It's just a whim at best. I won't let someone like her step foot into the Dorsey family. Alivia, rest assured, you won't suffer any injustice. If Max marries someone else, I'd rather be six feet under."
Alivia was taken aback and quickly patted Martha's back. "Please, don't talk like that. I promise, I'll work hard to win Max back. I won't let him go to another woman." Martha relaxed a little, her lips pursing in satisfaction. "That's more like it. No other woman is worthy."
Alivia had achieved her aim, her lips curving in a faint smile. She had said it before-Brielle was no match for her, not even worth her personal intervention. A woman of lowly birth had no right to set her sights on Max, no right to dare love him, no status to love him.
Brielle's fate was to struggle and scrape by in Beaconsfield. From birth, it was decided. Alivial was aas radiant as the moon, Brielle as lowly as the dirt. Brielle had never been her rival; Alivia's true opponent had always been Max's heart.
Max got into his car, intending to drive to Pearl Estate, but on a whim, he turned back to Premier Palace.
The snow continued to fall outside, as Beaconsfield's winters were notoriously long. He handed the keys to the housekeeper and walked in.
Wesley, the butler, opened the door for him, his expression hesitant. Max felt an inexplicable unease, as if the mansion were hollow. That feeling vanished the moment he saw Brielle sitting
1/2
12:58
Chapter 415
on the couch, engrossed in a children's cartoon, the flickering light softening her features.
Max shook off the snowflakes from his coat, hung it on the rack, and approached her, Brielle watching a financial seminar wouldn't have surprised him, but a children's cartoon? The contrast amused him, and he couldn't resist scooping her into his arms,
"What's got you into this kind of show all of a sudden?"
The weariness of the past few days seemed to vanish at the sight of her. He leaned in to kiss the skin of her neck. His hands slowly moved down as the others in the room discreetly withdrew. Brielle wasn't in the mood tonight, turning her head away from his kiss.
Max tilted her face back, noting the troubled look in her eves, and asked softly, "What's wrong?" Her lips pressed together, and after a moment of stillness, she regained her composure. "1 just... I saw this little kid at the office today. He was wearing a coat with cartoon characters on it, from this show."
Max frowned, not quite grasping her point. After a minute, he ventured, "Do you want one?"
Brielle, still anxious, couldn't help but laugh at his off-beat response.
Max thought he had guessed right. "Which character? I'll have one of my companies make an adult version for you."
So Mr. Dorsey still harbored a touch of that straightforward, male thinking.
"It's not that; I just thought the kid was adorable." The hint was there; surely he would understand now?
But before she could gather her courage to speak plainly, Max's phone rang-it was Michael His brow furrowed, and after a brief pat on Brielle's head, he answered. "Father."
"Max, did you hear about Ryan's bastard child making a scene in public?"
Michael was seething. "It's scandalous. That woman brought the child right to our doorstep!"
###Chapter 416
Chapter 416
Max wasn't surprised, really. After all, Ryan had always been the black sheep, a playboy whose escapades were the talk of the town. Poor Faith, the cuckoo in her nest, probably didn't even know the count anymore.
However, Faith had the patience of a saint. She turned a blind eye because she adored Ryan, and he had only one son, Spencer, so she chose to overlook his dalliances.
But an illegitimate child? That was a whole different can of worms.
Back in the day, Michael had his fair share of lovers, but only those he permitted could have his children. Even with his wandering eye, Michael never let any of those nameless flings cause the scandal of a bastard child. The Dorsey family despised nothing more than the stain of illegitimacy.
And now Ryan, fresh back at Dorsey International, had stirred up this hornet's nest. It seemed this woman was playing for keeps.
Max frowned, and Michael's stern voice carried on. "Max, your brother has really crossed the line this time. His affairs are one thing, but a bastard child? That's a stain on the Dorsey family legacy we simply cannot abide."
"Father, we all know the rules. A child born without our blessing cannot be part of the Dorsey lineage.*
Michael's eyes were cold as he massaged his temples. "I'll see to it that the child is taken care of. Keep an eye on Ryan at Dorsey International."
"Understood."
Max was always business-first with Michael. But Brielle, sitting by his side, couldn't shake the weight of the words-'a child born without our blessing cannot be part of the Dorsey family."
Her lashes fluttered down, her mind reeling in a void.
Max's voice continued to echo. "Trying to leverage a child for status? I told her, she'd be compensated, but the child couldn't stay."
This scandal would be a blot on the Dorsey family's reputation.
Brielle tried to tune it out, but each word Max spoke drilled into her ears, shredding her peace of
mind.
Love was supposed to be a dalliance between equals, not a desperate grasp at status from a world apart. If Brielle fell pregnant carelessly, everyone would assume she was just like that woman, trying to set foot in high society through a child. Besides, Max was with her, but he had never talked about marriage.
Max ended the call and turned to find Brielle daydreaming. It was rare to see her so out of sorts, and he found it amusing, pinching her earlobe affectionately. "Were you about to say Chapter 416
something?"
Brielle snapped back to reality, shaking her head quickly. "No, nothing."
She stood up, eager to escape somewhere, anywhere-but home wasn't an option. Mentioning home now would clue Max in on her unease. She forced a smile. "I'm going upstairs to rest."
Max was still buried in work and pulled her into a hug, pressing a kiss to her lips. "Okay."
Brielle trudged upstairs, and after a shower, she examined her stomach in the mirror from different angles.
Nothing showed. Should she get checked out? But she feared being watched-by William, Spencer, or maybe Alivia. If any of them were on her tail, a trip to the obstetrician would scream headlines, and the Dorseys would be plunged into scandal.
Her plan was simple: if the Dorseys wouldn't acknowledge the child, and the child was a ticking time bomb for Max, she'd keep it to herself. When she started showing, she'd request a work trip far away, have the baby in secret, and then return.
Though she hated to admit it, she was thrilled about the life growing inside her. Her feelings for Max were deeper than she'd ever let on.
Clothed and in bed, she tried to sleep but was awakened by a heat stirring within her. As Max's advances became imminent, she shifted away.
Max, his arm around her waist, felt her resistance and held back with effort. "Brielle?" He called out and leaned in to kiss her again.
Silently, Brielle pulled the covers over herself. "I'm a bit tired."
At those words, no matter how much he desired her, Max couldn't continue. He even checked her forehead to make sure she wasn't feverish before he relaxed.
Brielle noticed his concern and sighed inwardly. She couldn't help falling: Max's tender trap was simply too enticing.
###Chapter 417
Chapter 417
"Just rest if you're tired," he said as he lay on his side, pulling her close by the waist.
Brielle turned to nestle into his embrace, hearing his lingering question. "Sure, you don't want. that cartoon-themed down jacket?"
So that was still on his mind.
In Max's eyes, Brielle was unlike any other woman. She might've appeared dull, but her thoughts were more intricate than anyone's, never demanding anything from him, nor voicing her own needs. Yet, that very fact left Max on edge, always fearing he might inadvertently. cross some unseen boundary and accumulate enough disappointments in her to walk away in silence.
Brielle was like the shattered bits of colored glass in a kaleidoscope, tiny and fragmented, hidden deep within, and impossible to fully see.
Max was willing to fulfill all her wishes if only she would ask, but she never did, so he remained clueless about her desires.
"No, let's just sleep," she replied.
Max's arm, draped around her waist, tightened, and he gave a reassuring pat. "Okay, let's sleep."
But wasn't sleepy. It wasn't that she was rejecting Max's affection; it was just best to be cautious during the early stages of pregnancy.
Max had a robust vitality; once he got going, there was no end in sight, which completely contradicted his seemingly reserved exterior. It was out of concern for the baby that she had declined.
Max let go of her and got up to head to the bathroom, where the sound of running water soon. filled the room. He had already taken a shower that night; he probably wanted to cool down his urges with a cold shower.
Feeling a pang of guilt, Brielle was just turning over when her phone by the bedside began to ring. She cursed her sharp eyesight and immediately recognized the flashing name "Alivia."
She wasn't naive; she could guess Alivia's game. She trusted that Max wasn't the type to keep looking for something better while he had something good, so he must have made his stance. clear to Alivia. But Alivia knew how to use Max's mother as a tie, binding their relationship tightly.
If Max had been entirely indifferent to Martha, he wouldn't have sent her abroad for convalescence, away from the troubles of Beaconsfield. So if Brielle ever showed displeasure at Alivia contacting Max because of Martha, that would be Alivia's cue to gain an advantage.
The ringtone persisted, especially intrusive in the dead of night.
Chapter 417
Brielle could have played the same game as other women, and picked up the phone at such a moment to rile up Alivia, but while effective, that tactic also disrespected Max himself. So, she got up, took the phone, and knocked on the bathroom door. "Max, your phone's ringing."
The sound of water stopped, and his voice came through, "Who is it?"
"Alivia." Brielle's tone was calm, betraying nothing.
Max frowned slightly; a call at this hour likely meant something about his mother, "Can you take it for me? Ask what's needed. I'll be a few minutes."
He sounded a bit embarrassed when he mentioned a few minutes.
Brielle blushed, thinking how the cold shower wasn't doing him any good in this chilly weather. But wasn't all of this her doing?
Max had respected her refusal to touch her earlier, showing her utmost respect. Now, he was deferring to her to handle a call from another woman. Sometimes, Brielle even felt that seducing Max had been the most correct decision of her life.
The water started again, and Brielle glanced down at the phone, a slight smile curving her lips. Since Max had agreed, she wouldn't hold back.
She pressed the answer button, and Alivia's voice came through. "Max, I suddenly remembered something about the new medication the doctor mentioned. Are there any side effects? I'm choosing a new home nurse for Aunt Martha and want her to be aware of any potential issues."
See, Alivia was so concerned about Martha. She was even selecting a trustworthy nurse for her in the late hours.
Woman to woman, Brielle knew the play. If Max had been the one to answer, even though he disliked outside interference, he wouldn't have rebuked Alivia. After all, everything Alivia did was for Martha's sake, and even if it was to no avail, she was busy until the wee hours.
"Ms. Alivia, Max is in the shower."
After saying this, Brielle suddenly recalled a past moment when she had called Spencer, and Lillian had answered. Lillian had said Spencer was in the shower with a tone that seemed boastful as if reveling in besting the 'main wife' - It was quite distasteful.
Brielle chuckled to herself; heaven was her witness, Max was genuinely in the shower, and she was merely stating the truth, with no ulterior motive. Chapter 418
But Alivia was definitely not feeling it.
###Chapter 418
Chapter 418
The moment Alivia heard a woman's voice, her face contorted in disgust. Her hand at her side clenched so tightly that her nails dug into her palm. There was no doubting it; Brielle picked up the call. She had thought Brielle had some sort of talent, but as it turned out, she was just a man-stealer, a homewrecker. Such tactics were despicable to Alivia, even contemptible.
She guessed that Max was either working late, with his phone out of reach, or he'd already fallen asleep, allowing Brielle to act so brazenly.
The taste of blood filled Alivia's mouth. She yeared for Brielle to just vanish.
As low and vile as the method was, Alivia had to admit that the damn woman had succeeded in getting under her skin. "I need to speak with Max. Who is this?" She feigned ignorance of Brielle's identity, keeping her tone as flat as possible.
Brielle arched an eyebrow, cool as a cucumber. Well then, let's see how long Alivia could keep this up. A smirk danced at the corners of her lips as she knocked on the bathroom door. "Max, Ms. Alivia here says she needs you."
The sound of water stopped once again, with Max stepping out of the steamy bathroom wrapped in a towel. He towered over her, looking down with a height advantage.
Brielle's gaze slipped downwards, catching sight of his still-dripping torso. Her cheeks flushed as she averted her eyes. She couldn't help but say, "Why don't you dry off?" Caught up in the allure of his masculine appeal, she'd momentarily forgotten she was on the phone. Realizing her lapse, she glanced at the mobile device.
Thinking she was gesturing for him to take the call, Max naturally grabbed the phone and held it to his ear. "Alivia, what's up?"
Alivia was gritting her teeth, eyes icy with contempt. She was convinced Brielle was doing this on purpose, trying to make her look foolish, but she was no ordinary woman, and if Brielle thought these petty games could drive her away, Brielle was sorely mistaken.
Though disgusted, Alivia's tone regained its composure. "I'm helping Auntie pick out a caregiver. I've gone through four or five candidates, and none are quite right. I wanted to check on the specific side effects of the new medication so that I could brief them properly. We don't want them to mishandle her care."
Max's brow furrowed. It wasn't that he found Alivia off-putting, he was just puzzled. It was midnight; surely, this could have been discussed during the day. Why now? And the care facility he'd chosen was well- staffed with top-trained caregivers. Why would Alivia need to find someone else?
"The care home's staff is more than adequate."
Chapter 418
"But I'm still worried about Martha. Ever since you've been away, her spirits have been low. The professionals are very competent but seem afraid of making mistakes. They lack a certain... warmth. The people I'm choosing are from the Barnes family. They can keep her company and have a chat."
Alivia's reasoning was watertight.
The facility was part of the Rowland family's holdings, and to curry favor with Max, they'd made it abundantly clear to everyone to take great care of Martha, emphasizing her status repeatedly, and likely warning them of dire consequences for any slip-ups. Under such pressure, the staff would naturally be walking on eggshells, afraid to err. So, Alivia's concerns. seemed justified.
Brielle, overhearing this exchange, felt that if Max made things difficult for Allvia now, he'd be ungrateful. She moved to retreat to the bed but was stopped by Max's grip on her wrist. Without hiding from Alivia on the phone, Max addressed Brielle directly. "Don't walk barefoot on the floor. It's cold."
Only then did Brielle look down at her feet. The room's floor was spotless and disinfected daily by the housekeeping staff. She had forgotten to put on slippers when she got out of bed, and when Max reminded her, she felt a chill. She hurried back to the bed, curling her toes.
Still talking to Alivia, Max moved closer to the bed and placed Brielle's feet in his empty palm to warm them. "As for side effects, there's a propensity for agitation, same as before, but this new medication intensifies that unpredictability. Meaning, my mother could lash out at any moment, like before, but she'll have more moments of clarity."
Alivia wasn't really listening: her mind was reeling with Max's tender instructions to Brielle. The thought of the two of them sharing a room, possibly about to share a bed, was driving her to a jealous frenzy, but her voice remained calm and collected. "Got it. I was just a bit anxious and called you. Sorry for interrupting your rest, huh?"
###Chapter 419
Chapter 419
Max thought of Brielle's recent comment about being tired and responded with a simple, "Yeah." That one word cut through the air like a blade.
Max was an Impenetrable fortress around other women, impervious to their sweet nothings and flattery.
Brielle, feeling the warmth in her palm, couldn't help but laugh at his response. He was like a log devoid of emotion. If she were Alivia, she'd probably be seething with rage.
Indeed, Alivia was on the brink of exploding, but she managed to apologize, nonetheless. "I won't call at this hour next time. Get some rest, goodnight."
After hanging up, Allvia took a deep breath, resisting the urge to smash everything in sight. She had to stay calml
Her mouth tasted of blood from biting her tongue in frustration. Finally, she decided to give Spencer a call. Noah had mentioned Spencer was scheming to woo Brielle, which could make him a useful pawn in her game.
Spencer answered quickly, as Alivia's return from abroad was no secret. He was surprised by her call, though. They knew each other, sure, but they weren't close.
"Spencer, it's me." Alivia's voice was soothing, quickly settling into a poised and proper tone.
Despite his confusion, Spencer replied courteously, "Calling so late, is everything alright?"
"Well, there is a small matter. I heard you're no longer the director at Dorsey International. What happened?" Alivia was cunning, not mentioning Brielle directly but meandering slowly to her point, masking her true intentions.
For Spencer, the subject was a sore spot, especially since Alivia was an attractive woman. No man wanted to get embarrassed in front of a pretty lady.
"Dorsey International is a fair place. Some rise above others when they prove their worth."
"I heard it was a woman who took your place. I met Noah abroad, and he mentioned her not-so-stellar reputation."
A cold smirk formed on Spencer's lips. Alivia had barely set foot back home and was already targeting Brielle. If she knew about Brielle's tryst with Max, she'd probably spring into action right away. "Her reputation is indeed tarnished."
"Spencer, I don't mean to pry. I've just returned to the States and was dealing with the signings with Book recently, so I'm naturally concerned about Dorsey International's affairs. We're essentially family now, and I thought I'd ask. If the person who took your place is truly problematic, I could have a word with Max on your behalf."
Chapter 419
In saying this, Alivia conveyed two things:
First, that she was close enough to Max to influence high-level decisions at Dorsey International.
Second, she was unaware of the intimate connection between Max and the person who replaced Spencer, portraying herself as innocent and even pitiable.
Spencer had been scoffing internally, knowing her words couldn't hold a candle to Brielle's influence, but Alivia's apparent concern for him softened his scorn. He even thought Alivia, despite her status, was just a na?ve little woman, a pitiable fool. Max had passed over someone like her for Brielle, which seemed preposterous to Spencer.
He sighed, offering a word of advice, "The woman who took my place was once my fiancée, Brielle, and her relationship with Uncle Max is... complicated. You might want to investigate further. Besides, why not ask Uncle Max directly about his marriage plans?"
"Complicated? What do you mean? Max has always been above reproach. He wouldn't fool around. And he's already made it clear he intends to marry me."
"You haven't seen how low Brielle can stoop!" Spencer was agitated, his emotions far more transparent than Alivia's subtle manipulations.
After speaking, he suddenly realized something - had Max promised to marry Alivia? Max was a man of his word; if he'd made such a promise, it was as good as done. So, Brielle was just a mistress, after all.
A new scorn filled Spencer's eyes. If that was the case, then pursuing Brielle himself wasn't such a bad idea after all. Strangely, he was reminded of Brielle's crass words, which danced upon his heart, preventing him from finding peace.
*If Uncle Max truly intends to marry you, then congratulations, Ms. Alivia. But let me remind you, my former fiancée is quite the catch. You'd best keep a close eye on Uncle Max, or your might find yourself dealing with a love child, and then you'll really be out of the running."
"Impossible!"
The notion of a love child struck a nerve with Alivia, shattering her, composure as she became frantic.
###Chapter 420
Chapter 420
Given what Alivia knew about Max, she wouldn't stand a chance if Brielle were indeed pregnant. Max was the kind of man who stood by his responsibilities. Even if he didn't love Brielle, he'd marry her just to give the child a proper family name.
A venomous look flashed in Alivia's eyes. If that bitch dared to carry a child, she'd make sure to terminate the pregnancy herself and ensure that Brielle belleved Max wanted nothing to do with the baby. With a cold press of her lips, Allivia thanked Spencer, "I get it, Spencer, But I'm still not gonna pry into Max's business. I asked him before I left If he had someone special, and he said no. He wouldn't lie about that. Even if he did stray, it must've been that woman throwing herself at him. Since she's your ex-llancée, could you maybe talk some sense into her?"
Alivia knew damn well Spencer couldn't sway Brielle. In Brielle's eyes, Spencer was a nobody. compared to Max. No woman would pick Spencer over Max. Alivia's words were just a ploy to craft her image - the youngest head of a research Institute, an educated and well-connected heiress, yet her emotional life was as blank as a fresh sheet of paper. Alivia was gentle and intelligent, yet so pure.
Once this persona took hold, Spencer would undoubtedly speak well of her to Michael.
Alivia was never stingy with her charm unless it came to women eyeing Max. Those rivals would be driven away by any means necessary.
Sure enough, Spencer felt a twinge of sympathy - a common male affliction, mistaking a strong woman's vulnerability for an opportunity to shine.
"Ms. Alivia, don't worry. I'll put in a good word for you with Grandpa so you and Uncle Max can
tie the knot sooner."
"Thanks, Spencer." Her mission was accomplished. She exchanged a few more pleasantries before hanging up.
A sly smile crept across her face. "Brielle, you'd better get past your ex before you even think about dealing with me."
Unaware of these machinations, Brielle woke up early, and after freshening up, she headed downstairs, only to find that Max had already left.
As she reached the ground floor, she heard Wesley mention today's special tomato soup with red wine. Wesley was passionate about brewing various soups for her, claiming they were to fortify her health. But the thought of red wine made Brielle Instinctively glance at her belly.
She couldn't risk a hospital visit before confirming that no one was watching her, and to avoid arousing Max's suspicion, she had to tread carefully.
Last night, she'd researched and learned that wine could be dangerous during pregnancy.
By the time Wesley served the soup and wine, Brielle had already decided to take it to the office,
1/2
12:59
Chapter 420
not wanting to offend him.
"Ms. Brielle, you've got time before work. Have some soup," Wesley urged with a smile.
"Could you pack it up for me? I'd like to take it to the office," she replied, careful to eat just enough of the other dishes to maintain a balanced diet before taking her insulated container and heading to work. Just as she arrived at the office, she saw familiar police officers in the lobby. They took the elevator up as she entered her private one, and they exchanged nods from a distance.
Brielle had seen police officers too many times this year, but this was the first time they weren't there to question her. Who were they after? William?
But even William had claimed that Sarah's case wouldn't lead back to him.
With these questions, Brielle entered her department to overhear colleagues discussing the police visit. They all expected the officers to collect evidence for Sarah's case, but instead, the police had gone straight to the top floor.
The chatter ceased as Brielle entered her office. She set the soup aside and began working on the files on her desk.
Around noon, a young employee came in to retrieve documents and couldn't resist gossiping with Brielle. "Ms. Haywood, did you hear?"
Brielle, about to take a sip of water, looked at her curiously.
The girl's face was alight with excitement as she dished out the news, "Mr. William's been accused of rape! The police took him in!"
Brielle nearly spat out her water, coughing violently as her face turned red. She thought she must've been hallucinating.
###Chapter 421
Chapter 421
William? Rape?
Chapter 421
The young girl, fearing disbelief, quickly widened her eyes and said, "It's true. The whole company is buzzing about it. They say that it was Sue who reported it under her own name, claiming Mr. William is tied to her daughter's death."
Brielle was rooted to the spot, stunned. It took her a full minute to regain her composure before she chuckled and shook her head. She refused to believe that William could have anything to do with Sue. After all, William wasn't Ryan; he wouldn't leave such a scandalous trail.
Brielle set down her cup, trying to fathom Sue's motives. If Sue was just spreading rumors, and the police cleared William's name, he certainly wouldn't let Sue off the hook with his temperament. He might even silence her permanently. And at the very least, Sue would face arrest and charges for defamation. Why would she take such a reckless step?
"Ms. Haywood, you must find it hard to believe, too. We were all discussing it. We thought Mr. Dorsey was such a gentleman, but who knew he could be such a person in private? Poor Sue has already suffered so much, only to face this too."
The young girl's words were a real eye-opener for Brielle. During Brielle's last trip to the hospital, she had made an anonymous livestream featuring Sue and her husband. In the video, Sue was entirely presented as a victim - a meek, pitiable figure, devoid of any defiance. She bore the brunt of humiliation and physical abuse without uttering a word in retaliation. It was a glaring testament to her chronically timid nature.
If such a woman was daring to bite at the high ranks of Dorsey International, then her words must've held a measure of truth. And the public always prided itself on moral high ground, with a penchant for filling in the blanks. They would naturally rationalize Sue's actions. A weakling who dares to fight back is to be encouraged and praised. The public would not hesitate to side
with Sue.
Brielle smiled, a gleam of amusement in her eyes. She had always said, those who underestimate the power of public opinion will eventually be defeated by it. In using Sue's family, William could never have anticipated her daring to strike back.
After a brief pause, Brielle sorted out Sue's strategy. Sue didn't expect William to truly be punished, nor did she hold any hope for the police investigation. Since William held such a high position, he undoubtedly had myriad ways to clear his name. Sue wanted to ruin William's reputation, to make the public associate the name William with the word 'rapist.' This would not only hinder William's career but also send his public image plummeting.
People tended to focus on the beginning of a story, rarely caring for the outcome. Many high-profile cases stirred up a storm online, only to be resolved much later when public interest had waned, and few were watching. So, in most people's minds, it was the start of the story that stuck, not the conclusion.
Once William's case hit the internet, the public would condemn him swiftly. As for the ultimate
13.01
Chapter 421
verdict, only a few would see it. For the majority, William would remain a rapist.
Sue must have been desperate to take such a gamble, but it was a grip on William's Achilles'
heel.
Brielle found herself reassessing the woman once again.
During lunch break, she headed to the company cafeteria and found William's scandal had spread like wildfire. In the age of the internet, secrets were hard to keep. She ate her meal slowly, overhearing a group of girls at a nearby table.
"I can't believe Mr. William could be like that. I thought he was really easy-going."
"People can be so deceptive. Our supervisor has already ordered us not to leak anything to the
media."
"Even if they silence us, they can't silence Sue. She's still at the police station. No one's stopping her from speaking out."
Brielle was engrossed in the conversation when they abruptly changed the subject.
"Forget about Mr. William, he's old news. Aren't you more curious about our CEO? I just found out he's got a bite mark on his collarbone." The girl's eyes sparkled as she spoke, "Guess who left it?"
The others leaned in, intrigued. In Dorsey International, no one was more magnetic than Max.
"It has to be Ms. Alivia. I've already imagined her and the CEO in a loving embrace. She's so lucky to have such a top-notch husband."
"The CEO is known for his meticulousness and unapproachability, yet he indulges her, leaving a mark there. It's clear he's absolutely smitten with her."
###Chapter 422
Chapter 422
Brielle's smile faltered slightly. Even though she knew it wasn't the truth, being so
misunderstood left a subtle unease in her heart. The bite mark was her own doing, and it was deep.
The girls were still chattering about Max and Alivia, but Brielle had already stood up and left.
Back in her office, she sat in her chair, zoning out, when her phone buzzed with a text from Spencer. [You spent another night at the Premier Palace. Can't stay away from men for even a second, can you?] Creep!
Brielle promptly blocked the number, certain now that Spencer, that lunatic, had been stalking her recently. Her brows furrowed in concern. A hospital visit was out of the question; she'd have to take extra care of herself for the time being. As long as she didn't show, no one would discover her pregnancy.
"Knock, knock."
Someone tapped politely at her office door. It was a colleague coming to collect documents, the same girl who enjoyed sharing the latest gossip with her.
"Ms. Haywood, have you signed off on these files? I'll take them down to the business department."
The girl's gaze drifted to the thermos at the edge of the desk, admiration flickering across her face. "How do you still find time to cook up a stew at home?"
The stew was something Brielle had to avoid, so she pushed it away. "If you fancy it, go ahead. I haven't touched it, and the flask is brand new."
A spark of surprise lit up the girl's eyes, almost in disbelief. "Can I really have it?"
Brielle nodded with a half-smile. "Yeah."
"Thank you, Ms. Haywood. I'll work extra hard tonight! I'll treat it as a midnight snack to nourish myself!"
Brielle found it amusing but said nothing more.
Once the girl left, Brielle continued with her work, not stopping until eight in the evening. She then took the private elevator down. Just as she reached the ground floor, every light in the Dorsey Tower went out.
She froze, witnessing a power outage at the company for the first time. Quickly, she sent out a message to the group chat.
[There's a power issue in the district; all the buildings around have lost electricity. Those still working, stay safe. The company will switch on the emergency power, and we should be back Chapter 422
up in fifteen minutes max.]
She reassured her staff, fulfilling her duty, before getting into her car and driving away. But unbeknownst to her, the girl who had taken her thermos earlier had just finished the stew and had even come by her office to drop off some documents for the morning.
Now in darkness, the girl reached for her phone for light but felt an abnormal heat coursing through her body. The heat was so intense it made her legs buckle.
Her eyes glazed over with weakness as she slumped at the desk, gasping for air.
The office door seemed to open, followed by a man's hands. The dim light made it impossible to see who it was. Only a wave of panic set in.
No. Please, get away from me!
But she couldn't utter a word, completely sapped of strength.
"Do you like this, Brielle?" Spencer's voice was taunting as he gripped her waist, forgoing all pretense and taking what he wanted.
At that moment, he felt a twisted sense of pride. He hadn't expected Brielle to ever be under him, and all his resentment vanished, replaced by a sinister smile as he whispered temptations. "This drug won't give you a chance to resist. Didn't you say you liked it? How about it, am I not better than the others?"
In the shadows, he clutched her chin, kissing her without space for breath. Taking advantage of the blackout to force this upon her was a thrill like no other. He even wanted to take a photo of her in this state, to send to Max later, to show him just how Brielle looked beneath another
man.
She was nothing but a tramp who couldn't stay away from men.
Spencer felt both satisfied and furious, wondering why so many men had her and why she had to be with Max.
"Stay with me from now on. I won't hold your past against you, okay?"
As he finished speaking, the lights flickered back on. The smile on Spencer's face froze as he looked down at the stranger beneath him, crying silently with clenched teeth.
He frowned, surveying the office. There was no sign of Brielle.
He'd spiked the thermos at lunch while Brielle was out, intending only a petty revenge. Coming down that evening, he heard the faint breathing from the office and rushed in, driven by the urge to claim her.
But it wasn't Brielle at all.
His face darkened as he hastily zipped up and threw money at the problem. "Five million. Keep quiet about this. Don't tell a soul, got it?"
The girl nodded, trembling with shock.
13:01
Chapter 422
Spencer felt cursed, grabbing his hastily discarded tle and storming out of the office.
The girl clenched her teeth, seething with anger and resentment.
###Chapter 423
Chapter 423
But Brielle was none the wiser, having told Max she wouldn't be at the Premier Palace and had Instead gone back to Pearl Estate for some rest.
The next day, when she arrived at Dorsey International, she couldn't shake the feeling that there was a strange odor in her office. The scent was enough to make her feel a bit queasy.
A stack of documents needing her signature was on her desk, and after attending to that, she decided to head to the top floor.
Passing by the workstation of the girl who had been the center of yesterday's gossip, she noticed that her complexion was ghostly pale, devoid of any color.
Brielle frowned. The girl, Sydney, was usually such a cheerful soul. "If you're not feeling well, just write me a sick note, and I'll approve your leave."
Sydney jumped at the sound of Brielle's voice, shrinking back. As whispers of Mr. William's assault allegations reached her ears, the last bit of color drained from her face. She stood up abruptly, knocking her chair to the ground.
It seemed she only then noticed Brielle, her eyes suddenly brimming with tears.
It must have been something about last night's soup, and if it hadn't been for Brielle's soup, she wouldn't have had that encounter with Spencer. Now, seeing Brielle's innocent expression, Sydney's heart filled with resentment.
After what she'd been through because of Brielle-crying for the better part of the night, still puffy-eyed-there was Brielle looking like the picture of innocence, and Sydney couldn't help but feel bitter. Moreover, Spencer had been looking for Brielle last night. It was just Sydney's bad luck.
Sydney clenched her teeth. When she realized she was overreacting, she quickly cast her gaze downward. "I'm fine. There's no need to take a leave."
Brielle thought Sydney had been performing well lately, and her upbeat personality was a bonus, making her a good candidate for her assistant. She offered a reassuring smile, "Don't push yourself too hard." "Ms. Haywood, really, I'm fine. I just got a bit too invested in a TV series last night, and I couldn't help crying."
Such a young girl, so na?ve.
"Why don't you join me for the meeting upstairs?"
Sydney was taken aback. Going upstairs meant possibly facing Spencer. She felt a flush of nerves but followed Brielle's lead.
Brielle, preoccupied with work matters, didn't notice Sydney's discomfort.
1/3
13:01
Chapter 423
Brielle stepped out of the private elevator and saw Spencer looking dapper in a crisp white suit. Despite his disagreeable nature, he bore the handsome Dorsey family genes well. Brielle didn't linger on the sight but headed straight for the conference room.
Spencer smirked at her, "You sure you want to go in there? Alivia's been inside for over an hour and came in with Mr. Dorsey this morning." His gaze shifted past her, landing on Sydney, who instinctively hid behind Brielle.
Spencer found it amusing. Brielle was grooming her new sidekick, his conquest from last night. The thought gave him a perverse satisfaction, much like the thrill he used to get from his clandestine affairs behind Brielle's back.
He never denied it-he was a scoundrel. Five million for just one night? Hardly enough.
Brielle, oblivious to the tension, pushed the door open. The room was devoid of Alivia. Spencer had been bluffing.
Turning to Sydney, she instructed, "Wait here for me. You can sit in on the executive meeting for me."
"Ms. Haywood!" Sydney's voice pitched high in alarm, but noticing Brielle's puzzled look and Spencer's threatening glare, she shrank back, "Sure. I'll take good notes."
Brielle nodded, having to run back for some documents. These kinds of meetings, where only a few executives droned on, were perfect for an assistant to summarize.
She closed the door behind her and called out, "Max."
Max, already aware of her presence, put down his pen.
Brielle handed him the documents. Her visit wasn't just about the paperwork; she also wanted to gauge the state of the Dorsey family after William's incident, stirring up a storm inside Dorsey International. Did Michael know?
Max seemed to anticipate her questions and pushed a cup of coffee toward her. "Patrick's special roast. Want to try?"
But pregnant women should avoid strong coffee.
Office workers like Brielle usually loved their coffee, but now she had to abstain. "My stomach's
a bit off. I'll pass. How's the situation with William?"
Max glanced at her midsection. "Feeling that bad?"
"No, let's focus on William."
Seeing she wasn't in severe discomfort, Max leaned back, and a trace of fatigue crossed his face.
Brielle rose to stand beside him, intending to ease his tension with a temple rub, but as her gaze dropped, she spotted a faint lipstick mark on the inside of his suit collar.
2/3
13:01
Chapter 423
The subtle stain was like a thunderclap in her heart, hidden away yet revealing.
###Chapter 424
Chapter 424
Her fingers tensed momentarily, but she couldn't pretend she hadn't seen it.
Max's hair was slightly coarse, and from her vantage point, she could see the perfect arch of his proud nose. Brielle's mind was awash with thoughts, yet she ultimately refrained from asking directly. Max sensed her standing behind him, lost in thought, and reached back to catch the tip of her pinky with his hand.
From a man like him, such small gestures could sweep you off your feet. Brielle's cheeks flushed, but the mysterious kiss mark also left a sour taste in her heart.
Thinking she was feeling unwell, Max suggested, "Brielle, I'll take you to the hospital for a check-up."
Hospital. Check-up. That would mean her secret would be out.
The words Max shared with Michael the night before haunted her, and she didn't have the heart to reveal the truth at this moment. Any hesitation on Max's part could shatter her defenses.
Max took his jacket, ready to head to the hospital, but Brielle stood tall. "I'm really okay. You focus on your afternoon tasks. I remember you have an important meeting later, but I probably won't be able to attend. I need to go home and grab some documents."
Max was still worried, but Brielle changed the subject. "Didn't you return to Premier Palace last night?"
He nodded, the fatigue visible in his brow. "There was a bit of trouble with Mother."
It had been only two days since their return to the city, and Martha seemed to be struggling to adapt. Something here seemed to trigger her innermost fears. Doctors abroad had already said they needed to find the root cause of her condition.
When Martha had an episode, she could get violent. She already had an outburst since arriving. Max had rushed over last night, staying with Alivia to soothe his mother until daylight. It's more exhausting than a night's work.
"Alivia was there too?"
"Yes, my mother relies heavily on her. Often, she only listens to her."
This was the worst-case scenario, Brielle bit her lip, piecing together how that kiss mark came to be. She had deliberately angered Alivia, and Alivia was paying her back in kind.
It was a taunt - don't think you're special to Max. He may sleep with you, but he's not done with me either. You, Brielle, are not the only one.
Brielle felt weary. She could let this slide once, but what about the 'next time or the time after? Alivia's presence was like a ticking bomb, ready to explode at any moment. Chapter 424
Such petty tactics were meant to whittle down her affection for Max. If Brielle were to lose faith in Max, it would play right into Alivia's hands.
Taking a deep breath, Brielle stepped forward and buried her head in his chest. Around Max, she always retracted her outward thorns, so he patted her back. "What's wrong?"
"Can you promise me something? Just like you asked me to stay away from Dustin, can you stay away from Alivia?"
They both had their demands, and both had to abide by them until she grew stronger. Even though it was very hard to swallow.
Max's hand paused, his brow furrowing. He hadn't allowed Alivia anywhere near him. No touch, not even a fingertip, but frequent meetings were inevitable with his mother coming from abroad. "Brielle, I'm not that kind of man."
Brielle closed her eyes, feeling weary.
Outside the door, Spencer watched Sydney with a detached gaze.
Sydney bit her lip in fear.
Spencer chuckled lightly, "Did you tell Brielle?"
"No, I didn't."
"Good, because it's not your first time, and it probably isn't worth five million, right?" His tone was biting, his look disdainful
Sydney felt both shame and anger but knew Spencer was a man of the Dorsey family, someone not to be defied. Not everyone could be like Brielle, bold enough to splash coffee on his head. "I want you to befriend Brielle and keep an eye on her for me. Report everything back to me. Understand? Use any means necessary to get close to her, ideally to gain her complete trust."
###Chapter 425
Chapter 425
"Mr. Spencer, I really can't do it," she whispered, her voice laced with a fear she couldn't disguise.
Having been around the block at the company, she knew that Brielle had some serious moxie. Brielle was brazen enough to stand up to Spencer and even gave Mr. Ryan a piece of her mind in front of everyone. No one was spared her boldness.
Sydney was just a regular Joe in the company, a nobody. Crossing someone like Spencer was akin to signing your own death warrant without even knowing it. Although because of last night's incident, her resentment towards Brielle simmered beneath the surface.
Spencer's eyebrow arched, his whole demeanor screaming devil-may-care. He had always sailed through life on easy street, except for the occasional setbacks with Brielle. "You have a boyfriend, don't you?" he prodded with a wry grin.
Sydney's face turned as pale as a ghost. Of course, she had a boyfriend, and they were on the verge of discussing their wedding bells. But she couldn't bring herself to reveal the previous night's events to him; after all, they were both regular folks.
Spencer leaned in closer, his voice dropping to a seductive whisper, "The paycheck from Dorsey International isn't too shabby, but if you're looking to buy a house on your own, it's like climbing Everest. Help me out, though, and things change. Look, one romp with me, and I've already thrown ten mil your way. Keep me happy, and who knows how much more you'll pocket."
Sydney's gaze dropped, tasting the bitterness in her mouth. Harsh as Spencer's words were, they were steeped in truth.
Beaconsfield was prime real estate, and with both her and her boyfriend's salaries, they'd be scrimping and saving for ages just to make a down payment. But Spencer could cover that with a mere flick of his wrist.
She had to admit that her moral compass was spinning out of control, which was why she hadn't thrown his despised check back in his face last night.
Spencer's lips curled into a satisfied smirk. "Just keep tabs on Brielle for me. I want to know every little thing. Got it?"
Sydney caved in, nodding slowly.
Pleased, Spencer waited outside for Brielle while Sydney took her place in the conference room. Only upon arrival did she learn the dreaded meeting was scrapped, forcing her to trudge back to the president's office.
Brielle was just stepping out when she spotted Spencer still lurking. Her brow crinkled in
annoyance.
Without missing a beat, Spencer shadowed Brielle. "Alivia called me. She's getting hitched to
Chapter 425
Uncle Max. She asked if he had a soft spot for anyone, but Max kept mum. Brielle, are you really going to keep pining for him?"
Brielle halted, unsure of what game Spencer was playing now. If he loathed her so much, why not keep his distance? Yet, here he was, again, spewing his venom.
Sydney, trailing not far behind, felt a surge of indignation. Just last night, Spencer had been with her, but it seemed like he had already forgotten her taste and was fixated only on Brielle.
Biting back her anger, Sydney clenched her teeth and stayed silent.
Spencer followed Brielle right to the private elevator. "Brielle, I'm talking to you."
Without hesitation, Brielle yanked Sydney inside and hit the close button.
Spencer didn't pursue Brielle; if Max were destined to be with Alivia, there would be other opportunities for him to pursue her.
Somehow, being consistently rebuffed by Brielle seemed to satisfy some twisted part of him. Still, he'd be over the moon if Brielle ever gave in to spending a night with him.
Inside the elevator, Brielle massaged her temples and noticed Sydney's unusual silence, prompting her to speak up. "Did he give you a hard time?"
Startled, Sydney shook like a leaf, but quickly shook her head.
"Spencer's been a bit off the rails lately. Ignore him. I'll talk to HR and make you my assistant."
A shadow passed through Sydney's eyes, but when she looked up again, her fa?ade of innocence was restored. "Ms. Haywood, are you heading home now?"
"Yeah, I need to grab some files."
"Mind if I tag along?"
Brielle considered. If Sydney were to be her assistant, she might as well know where she lived for urgent document retrieval.
"Sure."
Sydney exhaled a sigh of relief, surprised at how easy it was to get close to Brielle.
Soon, they arrived at the lavish Pearl Estate. Sydney's eyes widened in shock at the sight of such a well-secured and luxurious home. All this time, she thought Brielle was strapped for cash, yet here she was, living in high cotton!
At that moment, a thick wave of envy washed over Sydney.
###Chapter 426
Chapter 426
She had to admit that Brielle had some chops, but everything she had now must've been thanks to Spencer, right?
The fastest way to make money in this world, it seemed, was to sell your body.
Brielle didn't notice the edge in Sydney's tone, simply assuming she felt under the weather. After saying a quick word to the security guard at the entrance-who was quite familiar with her-Sydney was let in without issue.
Reaching her front door, Brielle fished out her keys and unlocked it.
Sydney's face subtly changed upon seeing the exquisite interior. The house itself was already worth a pretty penny, yet the decor seemed even more expensive, as if every breath was laced with the scent of money.
Even though she worked at Dorsey International, Sydney had always played by the rules. Apart from a likable personality, there was nothing extraordinary about her. Most of her colleagues were graduates from reputable universities, but those who actually belonged to the affluent circles were few and far between. Having a place of your own in Beaconsfield was considered quite the achievement.
And here was Brielle, living alone in such a beautiful home. How many years would she and her boyfriend have to work without indulging in any pleasures to afford a place like this?
Sydney couldn't help but glance at the shoe rack, where a few pairs of men's shoes were stored. Those were for Max since he occasionally stopped by.
Casting a few surreptitious glances, Sydney feigned nonchalance and asked, "Ms. Haywood, do you live in this big place all by yourself?"
Brielle didn't pick up on the insinuation and wasn't one to spread details about her private life.
"Yeah."
A hint of scorn flashed through Sydney's eyes. So, Brielle was living alone. The men's shoes in the foyer-if not Spencer's, then whose?
A fuck buddy, perhaps?
With that thought, the disdain in Sydney's gaze deepened. She had pegged Brielle for a straight-laced type, not expecting her private life to be so messy. She was remembering how Spencer and Noah had been doggedly pursuing Brielle, and a wave of jealousy washed over Sydney.
The money for the house must have come from those two true trust-fund kids, right? If that was the case, why did Brielle play so hard to get?
Sydney masked her expression as she watched Brielle walk over to the coffee table on the sofa and start reviewing documents with great concentration.
13-02
Chapter 426
Brielle thought too highly of Sydney to suspect that last night's events could have so dramatically altered her perception. As Brielle mulled over whether to make changes to one of the forms on the table, Sydney probed further. "Ms. Haywood, may I use your restroom?"
Without much thought, Brielle gestured towards the bathroom.
Sydney made her way there, her peripheral vision not missing a chance to take in the house's decor. The more she saw, the more her heart ached.
Every detail was perfect. Although she wasn't friends with any designers, her past daydreams of buying a house with her boyfriend had led her to peruse many designer portfolios. Yet none had struck her quite like this.
There's a saying in this world: beggars don't envy millionaires because that life is too far out of reach. But they did envy other beggars who made a bit more than they did. Have you ever seen. the rich resent wealth? In the end, it was the lack of money that bred resentment.
Everyone in Sydney's usual circles was more or less on the same level. If someone had a bit of extra cash, it certainly wasn't enough to afford a house like this one. And since Brielle had never mentioned a mortgage, it seemed she had paid in full.
Sydney looked at her reflection in the mirror, taking a deep breath to compose herself before facing Brielle again. If she could cash in on this information, why wouldn't she? No one ever complained about having too much money.
She splashed her face with cold water from the tap, accidentally knocking her black hairpin to the floor. Bending down to retrieve it, her hand stumbled upon something else-a pregnancy test.
Sydney wasn't naive; she knew exactly what it was and had used one herself before.
There were two lines on it. This was Brielle's room; it couldn't belong to anyone else.
A surge of triumph flashed in Sydney's eyes, her lips curling up in delight. Brielle was pregnant, and Sydney was probably the first to know.
Sydney wrapped the pregnancy test in a tissue and stashed it in her purse. After washing her hands once more, she headed back out to face Brielle.
###Chapter 427
Chapter 427
Brielle had just finished amending the spreadsheets. When she noticed that Sydney's face was alight with barely concealed joy. Curious, she couldn't help but ask. "Feeling better all of a sudden?"
Sydney flashed a toothy grin. "Yeah, you know, last night's TV show wasn't as heart-wrenching as I thought. I heard it's got a happy ending, so I'm not fussing over it anymore."
Brielle found it amusing, having never seen someone so devastated over a drama before. "Let's hit the road and get back to the office."
At that moment, Sydney was itching to get out of there, especially with that item in her purse, making her feel guilty. She feared that Brielle might discover it by chance.
However, when Brielle was cleaning up earlier, she didn't even notice the pregnancy test had fallen to the floor, so the thought never crossed her mind.
Once back at the office, Brielle headed straight for her desk. Taking advantage of the moment she was handing over documents, Sydney slipped up to the rooftop.
Spencer was feeling rather bored that day, and when he saw her come up, he pulled her aside to the stairwell. For some reason, the thrill was doubled when it involved someone connected to Brielle. Sydney couldn't resist and found herself in an awkward position. Spencer was pressed against her back. The risk of being caught at any moment only added to the excitement.
"Mr. Spencer, I've stumbled upon a massive secret, but it's gonna cost you another five million
you
want in on it."
if
A secret worth five million? Spencer's eyes narrowed, but he didn't stop. Sydney was almost at
her limit.
The door to the stairwell was kept closed since people could come by at any moment. This only ramped up the thrill.
"What secret's worth five million?"
"It's about Brielle."
His excitement peaked at the mention of Brielle's name during such a moment. "Fine, five million it is. Spill."
Making ten million in two days was beyond Sydney's wildest dreams. She pulled out the pregnancy test from her pocket. "I found this at Brielle's place. She's pregnant."
Suddenly, the world seemed to fall silent. The excitement, the pleasure, vanished in an instant. Spencer's interest evaporated, and he stared at the pregnancy test. His face paled with shock. He composed himself, his eyes bloodshot with fury. "You're saying Brielle is pregnant?"
Chapter 427
Sydney, not minding the pause, slowly nodded. "Found it in her bathroom. It's positive. Worth the five mil, don't you think?"
Before she could react, Spencer's fist slammed into the wall next to them, his knuckles bloody. Sydney nearly screamed in fright, her face turning ghostly white as she stepped back.
Spencer let out a cold laugh and, without a word, pulled out a check and threw it at her. "Get lost."
Sydney felt humiliation like never before. He fucked her twice, and each time he discarded her coldly. She felt like nothing more than a throwaway tool.
As much as Spencer desired Brielle, she had ended up carrying some other man's child - the irony was too rich! Sydney wanted to shout this news from the rooftops, to expose Brielle's true colors to the world.
The repeated humiliations combined with the shock of the money shifted Sydney's perspective completely. She had glimpsed the true nature of wealth and felt transformed.
As she reached for the door, Spencer's voice froze her in her tracks. "I'm warning you, if you let this slip to anyone, I'll make sure you can't show your face in Beaconsfield again. Think about it - do you want a steady flow of cash or a life looking over your shoulder? Choose wisely." His eyes were a frightening shade of dark, and Sydney felt as if her heart was in a vice grip. She could hardly breathe and quickly dismissed the thought of revenge. "I... I understand."
With that, she left, her legs shaky. Never had she known Spencer to possess such a commanding presence.
After she was gone, Spencer closed his eyes tightly. His heart was seemingly gnawed at by a million worms. He lit a cigarette, his eyes red as he began to smoke.
Damn it, how could Brielle be pregnant? How could she bear a child for someone else?
At that moment, Spencer felt an overwhelming urge to cry.
All thoughts of revenge, of striking back, were forgotten. He wanted nothing more than to confront Brielle with the pregnancy test, but he knew the response he'd receive would be nothing short of scorn. As the cigarette burned down to his fingers, Spencer hissed in pain and flicked it away; the butt hit the ground with a quiet thud.
###Chapter 428
Chapter 428
He lit another cigarette, his lips trembling uncontrollably.
If Brielle were pregnant, then she'd surely tie the knot with Max, and if she married Max, then Spencer would lose his shot forever. They'd be a happy family of three, and his resentment, those deep-seated, soured affections, would just fester in some dingy corner, fermenting and rotting away.
Even when he and Brielle were engaged, she never talked about having kids. But with Max, she barely hit the sheets and-boom-bun in the oven.
Damn, Brielle. Damn it all!
Spencer punched the wall again, shaking with fury. He couldn't quite place this feeling. He had not felt like this even when he was with Lillian.
It was as if his soul was about to leave his body.
After chain-smoking ten cigarettes, his clothes reeked of smoke, and the floor was littered with butts. Spencer rubbed his stinging eyes and finally opened the emergency exit. Several people were already standing outside. They looked surprised to see him with his red-rimmed eyes. Spencer ignored everyone and trudged back to his desk, a lost soul amidst
the cubicles.
As he entered Max's office, he nearly tripped at the door. Max's brow furrowed at the sight of Spencer. "If you don't want to work, just go back home." Spencer lifted his gaze blankly to Max. He had always looked up to Max, a towering mountain before all the Dorseys, visible to all but unscalable. Even Grandpa had said, "A guy like Max comes once in a century." So, as a junior, Spencer had long given up on comparing himself to such a man. However, his heart's desire was entwined with this man, and perhaps this stark contrast made Brielle leave without a backward glance.
Right then, upon hearing of Brielle's pregnancy, Spencer realized what the pain in his heart was. He liked Brielle, really liked her, enough to endure her hostility and sneers. His clenched fist trembled at his side, lips quivering before he asked. "Uncle Max, do you want kids?" His voice was so hoarse it sounded like he was on the brink of tears.
Max couldn't even begin to associate Brielle with the idea, so he simply looked away. nonchalantly, "Never thought about it."
His feelings towards Spencer were complex; on one hand, he was his junior, but on the other, he was Brielle's ex-boyfriend. Having petty squabbles with a junior lacked dignity, but from a man's standpoint, Max couldn't let go. Besides, Spencer seemed unable to move on from Brielle, though clueless enough not to realize it himself.
10.00
Chapter 428
The only thought swirling in Spencer's mind was "never thought about it." This meant that Brielle hadn't told Max about the pregnancy yet.
The only ones privy to the news were probably just Brielle herself, him, and Sydney. Sydney would keep tight-lipped and not spread the word, which left only him in the know.
A dark resolve flickered in Spencer's eyes. That child must never be born. It had to perish in Brielle's womb. But he couldn't do it alone. Instantly, he thought of Alivia.
Alivia had connections; she might just have the means.
Shaking with urgency, Spencer failed to mask his emotions. Max, sitting across from him, narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "What's on your mind?"
Spencer turned pale, feeling the weight of a mountain on his shoulders. It had been ages since he'd felt such oppression; his insides felt crushed, painfully so. "Uncle Max, sorry, I was just... distracted." Max's aura receded. "We're in the office, call me Mr. Dorsey."
Head bowed, Spencer took the files and left. The moment the door closed behind him, a sly grin spread across his face. He slipped into the emergency exit where he'd been before and dialed
Alivia.
Alivia hadn't expected Spencer to reach out so soon. She was prepared for small talk, but his bombshell left her reeling. "Ms. Alivia, did you hear that Brielle's pregnant? With Uncle Max's
child."
She thought she was hallucinating, or maybe she just woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
Did Max get someone pregnant? Impossible. But this was Brielle, the one who broke Max's pattern.
Her eyes were bloodshot with jealousy. She lost all reason. "Are you certain?"
The murderous intent was audible in her voice. The child couldn't live, and neither could Brielle.
###Chapter 429
Chapter 429
Spencer's lip curled into a smirk. "I've got someone watching Brielle, and they found a used pregnancy test in the trash-double lines."
Alivia's mind buzzed, her grip on her phone nearly slipping. Brielle was pregnant-the very thing Alivia had dreaded most was happening! "But Uncle Max is still in the dark, Ms. Alivia. I don't want that kid to be born. I'm hoping you can help me out here."
Alivia had connections, the kind that could take care of messes perfectly. Spencer didn't care whether he faced backlash from Brielle or the rest of the Dorseys later. He just couldn't stand the thought of Brielle having another man's child! The very idea of that child's existence was torture to him!
Hearing this, Alivia felt a laugh bubbling up. Brielle was such a fool. She had the perfect opportunity to tell Max about the pregnancy. Knowing him, he would have shouted it from the rooftops, announcing their wedding to the world. But Brielle chose to hide it, an utterly foolish move! She was practically handing over the chance to drive a wedge between her and Max!
After a brief moment of panic, Alivia's eyes regained their cool composure, not forgetting to maintain her carefully curated persona. "Spencer, are you sure about this? After all, that's
Max's first child. If he finds out..."
"I'll take full responsibility for the consequences. He's not going to kill me." Michael would never want to see such a thing happen anyway.
That was exactly what Alivia needed to hear. Orchestrating such a scheme was simple for her, but she worried about being exposed, revealing her true face to Max himself. She had to hide her intentions well, to drive Brielle out of Beaconsfield.
"Ms. Alivia, it sounds like you've got a plan."
The corners of Alivia's mouth turned up slightly. She now understood Brielle's hesitations. It was because Brielle was of low status, and since Max's feelings weren't deep enough yet, Brielle couldn't be sure he would accept the child. If other members of the Dorsey family found
out, what would become of the child?
The Dorseys wouldn't tolerate any illegitimate offspring. Only someone with Alivia's background would be fit to bear Max's children.
"I do have an idea, but I'm hesitant. Spencer, are we doing the right thing?"
In Spencer's eyes, Alivia was a paragon of virtue, a blank slate when it came to love. Plotting something like this must've been difficult for her. "Ms. Alivia, you've waited for Uncle Max for years. Can you really stand by and watch him marry another woman? If you work with me, it's a win-win. You get Uncle Max, I get rid of Brielle, and everyone's happy."
A hint of sarcasm flickered in Alivia's eyes. She couldn't fathom what potion Brielle had given
1/2
13:02
Chapter 429
Spencer. Even with Brielle pregnant, he couldn't let go. "If that's the case, then alright. I do have a plan in mind, but I'll need your cooperation." Spencer's eyes were full of glee as he ended the call and rubbed his eyes. He had to do this. If blame was due, it was Brielle's for getting pregnant.
After finishing her day's work, Brielle received a text from Max, saying he wanted to take her somewhere. Her mind raced through all the places couples might go-a funfair, a park, maybe even a countryside inn. But it wasn't until she was in the car, pulling up at a top-tier sanatorium, that her heart started to race.
Max leaned back in his seat, his long fingers resting on the steering wheel. "Brielle, I've thought about it and decided to bring you here to meet my mother. She doesn't know about us yet, but I want you to understand me better."
It was a well-considered move by Max. Aside from Alivia, who had always been close with Martha, Max had never brought anyone else to meet his mother, not even Michael. Brielle's nerves kicked in-she hadn't expected Max to bring her to meet Martha so soon.
Sensing her anxiety, Max reached for her hand, warming it in his own. "The last time I spoke with Alivia, you overheard. My mother's lucid moments are frequent now, but she could relapse at any time. I shouldn't be introducing you to her so soon, but I can't shake this feeling of unease. Maybe you'll feel more secure if you meet more of my family."
Max's words were heartfelt, making Brielle wish she could tell him right then that she was
pregnant.
###Chapter 430
Chapter 430
Brielle's nerves were jittery as the car slid smoothly through the suburban streets, en route to see Martha. She wished she had taken a moment to pick up a little something. "Should I have bought a gift or something?"
"It's alright. The care home provides everything," Max reassured her, his voice laced with a tinge of regret. "Brielle, I'm really sorry, but I can't introduce you as my girlfriend. In my mother's eyes, Alivia is the ideal daughter-in-law. For the sake of her health, I can't reveal the truth just yet. Her new medication is only in the trial phase, and I don't want to risk upsetting her. Am I being too unfair?"
Max was torn for the first time, wondering if it was a mistake to bring her along.
Brielle felt a pang of sadness, but this was the grim reality between her and Max-one they would have to face sooner or later.
If Alivia could win Martha's affection, maybe with some effort, she could, too. A surge of confidence washed over her. "It's not unfair, not at all. I only care about my place in your heart," she said, cheeks flushing with a mix of bravado and embarrassment.
Their relationship had always been easy, unfolding naturally without any need for over-the-top declarations of love. Never had she thought she'd be the first to utter such a cheesy line. Her impulsive bravery quickly dissipated, leaving her with nothing but a warm blush.
Max chuckled-a sound that seemed to clear the skies and warm the earth. "In my heart, you're the one and only," he said, dishing out a phrase cheesier than what she said.
The embarrassment vanished and was replaced by a sweet feeling so intense she could melt right there in the car. How perfect it would be if time could freeze in that moment.
Max reached out and gently pinched her earlobe, easing her tension. Taking a deep breath, Brielle stepped out of the car first.
If she wasn't visiting Martha as Max's girlfriend, she'd do so as a colleague. Approaching Martha's room, Brielle stepped back, positioning herself behind Max where a subordinate ought to stand. Amused, Max leaned over as if to kiss her, but a surprised voice from behind halted him, "Max?" Brielle's heart skipped a beat. She turned to face Alivia for the first time.
Alivia was dressed in a pastel ensemble, her hands resting calmly in front of her, and her eyes sparkling with a gentle grace like moonlit marble. Compared to Brielle's cool demeanor, Alivia's harmless appearance could easily win over anyone, making them want to confide in her. But any secret shared would become a weapon in her hands.
Alivia's emotions were a whirlwind, though her face showed none of it. She had seen Max, moments from kissing Brielle.
1/2
13:02
Chapter 430
Damn it!
Seeing Max so forthcoming was more painful than discovering a love bite on his collarbone. Before, Alivia had assumed Max's tolerance of Brielle was due to novelty, but now she realized their private rapport was much more intimate. The armor he wore for others seemingly melted
away.
Brielle could touch Max's real warmth, but to everyone else, he remained an icy peak.
Alivia approached, her gaze fixating on Brielle, who met it without flinching, quickly spotting the disdain in Alivia's eyes. It didn't sting Brielle; she wasn't burdened by the judgments of others.
Max, unfazed by the tension, made the introductions. "This is Alivia, Kenzo Barnes' sister."
"Alivia, this is Brielle, the woman I care for."
That simple declaration outshone all else. Alivia's mouth tasted of blood, yet she forced a smile. "So, this is the one who made you break your rules, Max. You two do look good together, and Ms. Brielle, you're very beautiful. For the first time, I see that you're superficial, just like everyone else, Max."
It was a playful jab between friends, a compliment to Brielle. Max was thrilled with the compliment and softened visibly, his usual aloofness melting away. But this shift also gave Alivia an opening, and as she and Max chatted about other things, Brielle felt somewhat sidelined.
###Chapter 431
Chapter 431
Alivia thought for sure that Brielle would be a bundle of nerves, maybe even shoot Max some subtle, desperate looks. But from start to finish, Brielle was the picture of composure.
The cooler she remained, the more Alivia felt like a jester, juggling her emotions for naught.
A flash of bitterness crossed Alivia's eyes as she tilted her head up to Max and said, "Since you've brought Ms. Brielle along. I'll skip going in. You must want her to meet your mum, right? I'd just be a third wheel. I'll swing by this afternoon."
H
To any guy, it sounded like the epitome of understanding - faultlessly so. It was at this moment that Brielle realized Alivia could play the game far better than she had expected.
Such a woman was truly formidable.
Hearing Alivia's words, Max simply nodded. Alivia flashed a smile at Brielle, a cursory greeting of sorts, before making a swift exit.
The moment she turned away, her face twisted slightly. The thought of Brielle carrying a child and the possibility of Max finding out any minute now, had her on pins and needles.
She bowed her head and shot a text to Martha. [Aunt Martha, Max has brought that woman to see you. I think I'll stay away to avoid being a burden. If you need someone to chat with, just holler.]
Just moments ago, she'd been all magnanimity, but in her message to Martha, she played the pity card to the hilt. Since Max was with another woman, it was best for Alivia to lie low.
Martha trembled with fury upon reading the message. Alivia wasn't concerned about Marthal actually getting sick. A meltdown would play right into her hands, perhaps even lead to Martha dealing with Brielle's "problem" personally.
Max and Brielle stood at the door. Max pushed it open and saw Martha by the window, phone in
hand.
Strolling over, Max asked, "Mother, feeling any better today?"
Martha's gaze
was sharp, slicing past him to land squarely on Brielle, but it was fleeting, and her expression quickly softened. "Better, thanks to Alivia. She found some caretakers to keep me company. They're quite the chatterboxes."
Then, her eyes slid over to Brielle, giving her a thorough once-over. Brielle frowned, sensing a distinct discomfort, as if she'd been appraised inside and out and judged quite unfavorably.
"Max, who might this be?" Martha asked, delicately sipping tea from a nearby cup.
"She's a director at Dorsey International. Thought I'd bring her by to see you," Max replied.
Martha felt a wave of scorn well up inside her. Was this the seductress who had bewitched Max? Sure, she was attractive enough up close, but she paled in comparison to Alivia. Martha
11:46
Chapter 431
was certain that Max had been tricked by her allure. Her heart twisted uncomfortably at the thought of the text she'd received from Alivia, displaying her fake distress.
Alivia was the daughter-in-law Martha had picked out, and there was no way she should step aside for some nobody.
Knowing her son, Martha realized that the more she resisted, the likelier Max was to ignore her completely. He'd always been independent, with his own way of thinking and doing things. Any misstep now could make things worse.
So Martha nodded. "If you're by his side, you must be quite capable. Max, the doctor had a word with me this morning about some new medication. He said to have a word with you when you arrived." Knowing the importance of the medication, Max got up, instinctively ready to whisk Brielle away with him, when Martha interjected, "Leave the young lady here, Max. With Alivia absent, I could use the company."
Oblivious to Martha's full grasp of his relationship with Brielle, Max turned to see if Brielle was okay with staying. She nodded slowly, sensing Martha had something to say to her alone.
Once Max was gone, Martha dropped the facade, her gaze returning to that uncomfortable scrutiny. Despite feeling slighted, Brielle, as the younger person in the presence of an elder. chose to remain silent. "Ms. Brielle, which Beaconfield clan do you hail from?"
"None. I was raised in an orphanage," Brielle replied.
A dangerous glint passed through Martha's eyes. An orphan upstart had climbed her way into her son's life? It was laughable.
"Have you been done it with Max?"
The question hung heavy in the air, the silence between them thick and suffocating. Brielle felt the cold of Martha's indifference seep into her fingertips. Martha knew everything.
###Chapter 432
Chapter 432
Martha had always been a woman of means, and it showed in the steely glint of her eyes as she bore down on Brielle with an almost predatory gaze. A scornful chuckle escaped Martha. "Seems like something did happen between you two."
Brielle felt an icy chill spread through her body. Every word from Martha was a sharp sting to her pride.
"And did you think to use protection? My son is a good kid, but I doubt he thought that far ahead during his first time at the rodeo. But you, Ms. Brielle, ought to know better about these things as a woman. And let's not forget, Alivia is the one the Dorsey family has embraced. Since you've decided to play in Max's garden, you should be prepared to do it in the shadows. You're a college-educated woman, Ms. Brielle. I shouldn't need to teach you such basics. But out of respect for the fact that you were born, if not properly raised, I'm reminding you that the Dorsey family doesn't allow illegitimate children to tarnish its name. It's a creed etched in our bones. If you are pregnant, that child won't see the light of day."
Martha's tone was light, yet her words were weighted with a gravity that crashed into Brielle's ears, causing an almost physical pain. The humiliation from the woman whose approval she desperately sought was unbearable. It was all for the sake of the man she loved.
Martha reached into a drawer and pulled out a strip of pills, her face void of emotion. "Here, Ms. Brielle. Take these."
Brielle recognized the label instantly; they were birth control pills. She couldn't take them; if she did, the life growing inside her would be in jeopardy.
Brielle internally cursed herself for not having thought through their actions, which was why she was now at such a disadvantage.
Martha's expression sharpened. "Or are you saying you're already pregnant?" Was that why Max had suddenly brought Brielle here, to prepare her for this confrontation?
"I'm not, Ms. Martha. Max and I have always been careful."
Martha's laugh was cold as ice. "Is that so? Then prove it. Swallow a few right now, in front of
me."
Brielle's fingers tensed; she desperately hoped for Max to return soon.
Martha narrowed her eyes, "I'm laying it out here, Ms. Brielle. If you are indeed pregnant, it's either the child or me. My life means nothing to me anymore. If I die over this disgrace you carry, do you think Max would still stand by you? How far can a relationship built on guilt really go? Of course, this is only if you're pregnant. To prove you're not, pop three of these pills right now."
Brielle wanted nothing more than to walk away from Martha and all this madness, but this was Max's mother. It must have taken a lot for Max to decide to bring Brielle here, and she had botched everything.
177
11:46
Chapter 432
Martha's disdain for her was even deeper than Alivia's, who at least pretended to have some courtesy. Martha's eyes bore into Brielle like she was the enemy. It hurt because, until this moment, except for Tiffanie, Brielle had not earned the approval of anyone in Max's family.
Not taking the pills would mean Martha would never let her off the hook and might even suspect she was pregnant, which could lead to using the Dorsey family's influence to make the problem "go away." Even if Max wanted to help Brielle, would he challenge his own mother's
life for it?
Taking the pills could harm the baby.
Feeling overwhelmed and exhausted, Brielle's mind flashed back to a college debate where she had firmly believed love should not be pursued because it involved two families, not just two
hearts.
The pain of being struck by a tile falling from a roof was one thing, but the deliberate sting of a pebble thrown by a loved one or their family was agony doubled.
Brielle took the bottle and poured out three pills, Martha's words still echoing. "You can't breathe a word of this to Max. He thinks I'm clueless about you two. Keep it zipped."
So, it was Alivia who had spilled the beans?
Brielle had always been confident, but the recent stress of her pregnancy had left her feeling utterly drained. Sometimes, love wasn't enough. The obstacles that surrounded a couple could slowly erode their passion. That weariness seeped from her bones, leaving her defenseless. Without further thought, she brought the pills to her lips, but before she could swallow, the door swung open, and Max stepped in. Brielle's heart jolted, her eyes instantly welling up.
Max saw the distress in her eyes, then noticed the pill bottle in her hand, and his face darkened. "Spit them out."
Brielle turned away, but he closed the distance swiftly, grasping her chin firmly.
In the next breath, his lips were on hers, prying open her mouth to whisk away the pills she hadn't yet swallowed into his own.
For the first time, Brielle felt the raw intensity of Max's emotions, fierce as if a gun were held to his heart, both brazen and wild.
###Chapter 433
Chapter 433
She was kissed breathless, gasping for air,
Max swallowed the pill, took the bottle from her hand, and placed it on the table, turning to his
mother.
Martha's complexion had already changed the moment she saw him enter. Now, seeing Mar voluntarily take birth control, she stood up in a rage. "Maz! What in the world are you doing? "Mother, what about you? What's the reason for this?" His tone was indifferent as he released
Brielle's chin.
Martha trembled, feeling as if she couldn't breathe, on the verge of passing out. "A man, you're a man... how can you take birth control? You've lost your mind!"
Martha felt a wave of weakness and fell back into her chair. "You would have her take it, but it might as well be me, Mother. You do understand the nature of Brielle's and my relationship, right?" Max had rarely opened up to Martha. From a very young age, he had never depended on her. but Martha had always tried to be kind to him, and he could feel it.
Unfortunately, Martha's troubles came too early, and Max never really experienced maternal
love.
Martha remained silent because Alivia had instructed her not to let Max know that she was the one who had leaked the information. If she admitted it, there would be trouble with Alivia. Martha sighed. "I just scared her a bit, but now it seems your relationship really isn't simple."
Brielle looked at Martha. Scaring her? No, Martha had a strong hostility towards her from the moment she walked in, which she couldn't have mistaken. Then Martha had directly asked if they had done the deed, not what their relationship was, and when she asked, the disgust in her eyes was undisguised. Even birth control was prepared.
How could there possibly be birth control in a sanatorium unless Martha had guessed that Max might bring someone to see her?
Max took a deep breath and grabbed Brielle's hand. "Mother, if you refuse to see her, I won't bring anyone next time."
Martha opened her mouth but, under such strong provocation, found herself at a loss for words. She turned to Brielle, her tone regaining composure. "Ms. Brielle, just remember what I told you."
If she got pregnant, then between the child and Martha, only one could live. This was meant to drive Brielle into a corner, and Brielle was quite certain Martha was not joking. The Dorsey family didn't have a single normal person.
Max sensed her stiffness and drew her into his embrace. "Mother, whatever you make Brielle
1/2
11:46
Chapter 433
take, I'll take the same. If there's ever another chance for you two to meet in the future, I hope you'll be more pleasant,"
Martha clenched her teeth in fury but knew she couldn't be hasty now.
Max caught them in that situation, so his heart was undoubtedly leaning towards Brielle. If Martha continued to make a fuss, it would only make Max care more for that witch. Martha raised her hand to her chest, breathing heavily for a few moments. "Are you trying to kill me?" Her face turned deathly pale, and her fingertips curled so tightly they lost color. Max gently pushed Brielle towards the door. "Walt for me in the car."
His tone was cold, sending a shiver down Brielle's spine. Brielle knew he was angry, but she had no choice. Her eyes fell, and that feeling of exhaustion spread from the depths of her heart. It felt like the whole world was against her and Max being together.
Her stomach felt terrible, and as she neared the car, she turned pale and leaned against a nearby tree, feeling queasy. The birth control pills, though not swallowed, cast a long shadow over her. Every pore screamed discomfort.
Brielle's forehead was covered in sweat, and she noticed a pain starting in her stomach. She sat down on a nearby bench and saw several doctors rush into Martha's room from the other
end of the corridor.
Martha was having an episode.
Martha had her hands pinned by Max and was screaming and flailing, a stark contrast to her usual composure. Max's suit was wrinkled from her grasp, and the doctor quickly administered a sedative. "Max, we've discussed not agitating Ms. Martha."
Max saw that Martha's face had calmed down and touched his chin. There was a long scratch from her nails, not the first he'd received, and something he was used to.
"Sorry, it was an accident." His voice was flat, and the doctor, noting his displeasure, didn't dare provoke him further.
After Martha had settled, Max gave a few instructions and then headed out. A few steps later. he saw Brielle sitting on the stone bench and frowned. Her face was deathly pale. Brielle looked up at him, confirming that it wasn't just her imagination Max was truly angry.
"Get in the car." His voice was flat as he took his place behind the wheel.
Brielle reluctantly took the passenger seat.
The drive was silent: the atmosphere was so heavy it was frightening.
###Chapter 434
Chapter 434
Brielle gazed at the familiar scenery outside Pearl Estate and turned to him. Her words were caught in her throat as he bluntly said, "Get out."
Her eyelashes fluttered as she opened the door and stepped out. The moment the car door closed behind her, the vehicle was already speeding away. She watched the taillights vanish into the distance and raised a hand to massage her temples.
To Max, it probably seemed like she could say no to Martha; Brielle was never one to take things lying down. But there she was, about to swallow those pills when he caught her red-handed.
Brielle was touched that Max had snatched the pills from her lips, but the more touched she was, the more powerless she felt. What was she to do? Tell Max about the pregnancy, and then what? Have him confront Martha?
Martha had already made her threats clear: it would be either her or no baby. If Martha ever found out about the child, she would force Brielle to terminate the pregnancy.
Brielle's mind was a whirlwind of chaos. For a fleeting moment, she even considered leaving Beaconsfield and taking the life growing inside her someplace else. She would have the baby first and figure out the rest later.
But what about Max?
She was greedy, wanting both the child and Max.
After driving a distance, Max pulled over to the side of the road. He had been too harsh with. Brielle, especially considering she had no choice. She was meeting an elder for the first time.
But he was angry at her attitude, at how easily she reached for those pills.
Max knew the risks; without precautions, a pregnancy could happen at any time. Since leaving the clinic, his mind had been foggy. To him, a child wasn't a big deal. If it were Brielle's, it would probably be adorable, just like her.
But he couldn't bear to think that during all their intimate moments, Brielle might have been taking those pills. She must've known they were harmful to her health, right? Knowing the risks and still not asking him to take precautions, that was what infuriated him about Brielle.
Max slammed on the gas. His brows furrowed in frustration, just as Michael called to ask. where he was. "Max, get back to the Dorsey estate; we need to deal with that kid's issue." He was talking about the Illegitimate child scandal Ryan had caused.
Max's frown deepened. His mind was already in turmoil; he might as well go to the Dorsey estate and assess the situation.
The Dorsey family had assembled in the living room at the Dorsey estate, save for the two who
11:46
were seldom present. The atmosphere was tense, with no one daring to speak before Michael had his sav
Ivan looked miserable, divinusly having been disciplined, but it wasn't enough. The chilers situation had to be addressed. Michael was seated at the head of the room and hanged his hand on the table, starting everyone but Mas
"Bangl
Michael's gaze lingered on Rtvan before shifting to William, whose face was pater. The two were in a bind, especially William, whose affair with Sue had nearly become town gossip if Michael hadn't firmly suppressed it. Michael had also put pressure on the police and was trying to convince Sue to settle privately, She could have her settlement, but if she refused to see reason, she'd have no one to blame but herself for his lack of kindness.
In the midst of the grave atmosphere, a woman knelt in the center of the room, clutching a child, barely a year old, to her chest. The paternity test confirmed the child was Ryan's.
So, with an icy tone, Michael declared, "You knew what you were getting into when your approached us. The Dorsey family will not acknowledge this child."
The woman, having ulven birth, clearly had ambitions. Even if she couldn't rise through the ranks, she intended to milk the Dorseys for all they were worth.
"I will leave with the child, but I want money," she stated bluntly, with no hesitation, aware shel had no place in the Dorsey family.
Michael massaged his temples. If the child had not been born, he would have dragged her to a hospital for a forced abortion, but now, looking at the baby's round eyes, even the hardened. man couldn't bring himself to do it.
"Ryan, you've just returned to Dorsey International and have already caused a scandal. It's best you don't go to the company. Stay home and clean up this mess. And William, I'm disappointed In you too. If you both learned a thing or two from Max, it wouldn't have come to this."
Max-'always Max. The golden boy of the Dorsey family, the one who had been free of any female entanglements for over two decades.
But Michael had no idea that Max, usually so quiet, was about to cause a sensation of his own.
###Chapter 435
Chapter 435
Max's face remained expressionless as he listened to Michael mention his name.
Michael spoke again. "Max, I'm entrusting this to you. Take this woman and her child and get them out of here. Drop them off somewhere only you know about, so that certain prying eyes Can't follow."
After finishing his directive, Michael turned his gaze toward the kneeling woman. "Tell me, how much do you want?"
Without any hesitation, the woman stated, "Fifty million."
Michael had no intention of saying anything further, so with a dismissive wave of his hand, his consent was given.
Max stood up, ready to escort the woman away, but Spencer, who had been sitting quietly in a corner, also stood up. "Uncle Max, I'll come with you."
Max's brow furrowed at the Interruption, only to hear Spencer add. "After all, he is my half-brother,"
Discussing so-called family ties within the Dorsey clan was almost laughable, but Max didn't call Spencer out on it.
The woman followed quietly, holding her child close. The child was only six months old, smiling and reaching out to grab his mother's face.
The woman had been assertive when demanding money, but now, softened by her child's presence, she sighed and gently soothed him, "Be a good little man." She knew he couldn't understand, but her voice grew tender all the same.
Max, leading the way, paused at the sound of the child's laughter, unable to resist glancing back. The child was indeed beautiful-rosy-cheeked and clean.
Seeing Max stop and look at her child, the woman instinctively tightened her embrace. When she was with Ryan, she had indeed thought about having this child as a ticket into high society. She even believed she wouldn't feel anything for the kid. But at the sight of the child, all her schemes vanished and were replaced by fear of discovery by the Dorsey family.
The Dorseys had a strict rule against illegitimate offspring, and she was well aware of it. Rather than live in fear, she chose to confront them directly. If the Dorseys wanted her child gone, she was ready to go too-her own greed had brought this on them both.
Fortunately, Michael was willing to pay.
Once away from Beaconsfield, it would be just her and her son against the world. But now, facing this utterly impassive man, her heart raced wildly. She knew of Max and had heard Ryan mention him more than once, describing him as a cold, merciless, unfeeling creature. So, when he approached, she was so frightened that she immediately dropped to her knees, clutching her child fiercely.
1/2
11:47
Chapter 435
"Max, I'll leave as soon as I have the money! Really, I won't cause any trouble for the Dorsey family!"
Max regarded her coldly. "The child shouldn't exist. I've arranged the money and a doctor, too."
He had spoken with the woman before.
She shivered, her lips quivering. It was her greed that had led her here. She dreamed only of entering the ranks of the elite.
As the shadow loomed over her, she was about to scramble backward, but then she saw him lean in, gently lifting the child from her arms.
Max wasn't adept at holding children and lifted him by the collar rather than cradling him. Yet the child didn't cry, even giggled, thinking it was a game.
As if discovering an amusing toy, Max pinched the child's foot, eliciting another round of giggles from the infant. "You've chosen to keep him, so he stays. I'll arrange for someone to take you away, but don't reveal his parentage unless you want to be separated from him forever."
The woman nodded rapidly, gratitude filling her eyes. "Yes, yes, I understand. Thank you, thank you, Max."
Max smiled softly. The sound dazzled the woman and sent a blush across her cheeks. She thought perhaps Max would make a good father after all.
Outside the grand entrance of Dorsey International, Max's people had arrived, taking the woman and child away.
Max turned to face Spencer, who had been trailing behind. Spencer stood rigid with nerves, "Uncle Max, I'll be off too. That little brother of mine is quite charming, isn't he?" His words. were tripping over each other in his anxiousness.
Max stood tall, an aura of steely resolve about him. "Spencer, have you been bothering Brielle?" This was the first time Max had addressed the issue of Brielle so directly with him. Spencer's heart skipped a beat, and he quickly shook his head. "I was just-"
"I'm with Brielle now."
To others, Max never wasted words. Unnecessary talk was a waste of his time. So, the more straightforward he was, the better. "Stay away from her."
###Chapter 436
Chapter 436
Spencer thought he had misheard. He snapped his head up to look at Max, only to find a serene calm in his eyes as if he was merely commenting on the pleasant weather.
Spencer's lips trembled before his voice emerged, hoarse and strained. "Uncle Max, do you even realize what you're saying? Brielle is my fiancée."
"Ex-fiancée."
"Even if she's an ex! She was still my fiancée! Uncle Max, as my uncle, how can you-
"She never loved you."
The painful truth was delivered with such nonchalance, just like Brielle herself would do.
Spencer's lips pressed into a tight line. His eyes were rimmed with anger. "You're not afraid I'll go tell Grandpa? He won't let Brielle through the door."
"That's why I need you to keep this a secret."
"What about Ms. Alivia?!"
Max's brow furrowed. "What's she got to do with it?"
If Alivia were there, she'd probably feel like she'd been run through with a sword. Max's expression was so earnest, as if he truly believed his marriage had nothing to do with Alivia.
"Didn't you give her your rosary bracelet? Isn't that a sign of mutual affection if your rosaries disappeared together?"
"I gave the rosary to Brielle, but she doesn't seem to care for it much." As Max spoke of Brielle's indifference, the composure on his face faded to a look of frustration.
Spencer was livid, feeling as if Max hadn't heard a word he said, as if his feelings were invisible to him. A flash of hatred crossed Spencer's eyes.
Of course, Max had never really had Spencer in his sight, or he wouldn't dare make a move on the woman Spencer loved.
had to destroy
Spencer's breathing grew heavy, his teeth clenched, tasting the bitterness of his own anger. He had to act fast and implement his plan. Even if it meant facing Max's wrath, h the child growing inside Brielle.
He would not allow that child to live!
Fortunately, he was prepared.
His eyes lowered, and his voice was still hoarse. "I understand."
Max didn't say anything more and just got into his car. Thinking of his recent fallout with Brielle, he had no desire to head to Pearl Estate or back to Premier Palace. Chapter 430
Premier Palace had always been comfortable, but it felt like something was missing ever since Brielle's visit. Especially in her absence, the feeling of loss was profound.
Meanwhile, since being dropped off at home, Brielle had been sitting on the couch in a daze. The pain in her stomach surged, and she sought antacids but was too weak to find them. Lying listlessly on the couch, she fell asleep.
She woke up the next day at nine. The pain in her stomach was more intense, and her body was feverish.
Her phone rang; it was Sydney.
Having Sydney in her home had been a good choice-she needed someone to bring the paperwork that required her signature. She recalled a crucial acquisition meeting scheduled for today. "Ms. Haywood, you have a meeting at 9:30, but I haven't seen you," Sydney said.
Brielle cleared her throat, her face flushed from the fever. "I'm at home. Can you bring the documents from the left side of my desk? I need to sign them."
"Sure. Are you feeling unwell? Should I bring you some medication?"
"Just a light breakfast will do."
Brielle was too weak to make soup herself. Thankfully, Sydney was coming over. Hearing this. Sydney's eyes flickered with surprise, and she quickly texted Spencer. [Brielle's unwell today and asked me to bring documents and breakfast. Anything I should do?]
Spencer saw the message and sensed a golden opportunity. [I'll drive you there. Indeed, there's something I need you to do.]
Now was his chance to deal with Brielle's child once and for all!
###Chapter 437
Chapter 437
Sydney was clueless about Spencer's plans, but the sight of an extra two million in her account made her lips curl into a smile. Her heart had been thoroughly corroded by wealth, rusted, and stripped of its original color.
Yet, people seldom realized their own downfall.
Clutching the documents, Sydney waited for Spencer in the underground parking lot of Dorsey International. Soon enough, Spencer rolled up in his multimillion-dollar sports car.
Sydney had seen luxe rides before, but this was her first time sitting in one. As the sleek vehicle pulled up in front of her, her heart rate soared, pounding with excitement.
Spencer, however, barely gave her a glance. His voice was chilly as he commanded, "Get in."
e was all
Sydney chafed at the cold treatment. When Spencer had been desperate for her, he urgent and warm.
That's right. Back then, he thought Sydney was Brielle. All that tenderness was for Brielle. But it was Sydney who had slept with him, not Brielle.
Sydney suppressed her inner resentment. Everyone has a tendency to compare, especially women, and this comparison can become more intense in certain areas. This wasn't a slight against women; it was just like saying women cared more about appearances than men-it was stating a fact.
Sydney slid into the car, instantly enveloped by the sensation of being surrounded by riches. It was a comfort, like stepping into paradise for a moment.
If something were to happen between her and Spencer in this car, would she become the heroine of those romance novels? The thought made Sydney's heart race even more.
She sneaked a peek at Spencer, but his eyes were dark, showing no hint of such intentions. Sydney felt a wave of shame and even indignation. Was she truly so unappealing?
Unable to resist, she reached out, her hand boldly suggesting her desire. But Spencer was resolutely indifferent, preoccupied with how to deal with Brielle's pregnancy. His warning was icy. "Get your hand away from me!"
Sydney felt the sting of humiliation as if her last shred of dignity had been stripped away. Her body flushed with heat. She knew his mind was on Brielle, so what was she even doing? It was nothing short of self-humiliation.
"Mr. Spencer, I didn't mean to, I apologize."
"Ha, don't think you're special just because I've been with you once. There have been many before you. If you weren't Brielle's assistant, I wouldn't give you a second look, got that?"
Sydney's nails dug into her palms. Was this the stark difference between men's behavior in bed and out? Damn it, it all came back to Brielle. Because of Brielle, Sydney was subjected to this Chapter 437
shame!
Sydney inhaled deeply, managing a thin smile. "I understand. I overstepped."
Money was more important, and without a doubt, if this man couldn't have Brielle, he would eventually come looking for Sydney.
As Sydney lowered her gaze, she had to admit that the Dorsey family had astonishingly good looks. After being with Spencer twice, her own plain-Jane boyfriend seemed utterly bland. Their life together was like a still pond, utterly lacking in ripples.
Spencer might've been a brute, but he had introduced her to a world of thrilling indulgence.
When the car passed a popular diner, Sydney hopped out to grab soup and some light side dishes-just as Brielle had requested.
Once back in the car, she watched Spencer take out a small vial containing a liquid. He unscrewed the cap and poured the substance into the soup. The clear liquid blended seamlessly with the soup, leaving only its appetizing aroma, nothing else detectable.
Though not a fan of Brielle, Sydney wasn't looking to make a killer move. "Mr. Spencer, you're not trying to poison Brielle, are you?"
Spencer looked up, and his face twisted in a manic grin. "Of course not. It's just a little
something to make her more... compliant. Pretend you know nothing, but make sure she eats it all. Call me when she passes out."
###Chapter 438
Chapter 438
Sydney swallowed nervously, feeling that Spencer had gone off the deep end this time. But she didn't voice her concerns. After all, when you took someone's cash, you were in for the dash.
If anything went south, Spencer would be there to take the heat, right?
The car soon pulled up to the grand gates of Pearl Estate.
Brielle had brought Sydney here before, and the security guards at the entrance recognized her. They heard that Brielle was under the weather and needed some home comforts delivered, so they nodded Sydney through without fuss.
Spencer couldn't go up since no resident had come down to escort him. However, he had swiftly bought a house in the complex overnight. Once Sydney sent the signal, he could waltz in without a hitch as a homeowner.
Following her memory, Sydney reached Brielle's door and rang the bell.
Still weak and slouched on her couch, Brielle heard the doorbell and mustered the get up and answer it.
e strength to
Sydney quickly set down the chicken soup and the side salad she had brought on the table. "Ms. Haywood, I got you some food," Sydney said, her voice oozing concern. "Eat something first, and then you can worry about work."
Brielle was in so much pain it felt like she might pass out. Barely holding it together, she muttered a feeble "Thank you." She then sat at the table and began to eat the soup and salad without a second thought.
Sydney watched her, wary of any hesitation, but Brielle was focused on warming her stomach and had no suspicions about Sydney, who had turned so shady in just a few days.
The corners of Sydney's lips curled in triumph as Brielle ate without a second thought.
After finishing the soup, Brielle felt a touch better but was still in pain. She clutched at her ache. and a fine sheen of sweat broke on her brow.
"Ms. Haywood," Sydney offered, with a hint of fake sweetness, "if you're not feeling up to par. why don't you take a nap on the couch? Or I could drive you to the hospital?"
E
"No hospital," Brielle murmured, the exhaustion seeping in and easing her pain. "I'll just take a
nap."
With that, she shuffled over to the couch and collapsed into slumber far too quickly.
Sydney saw Brielle's rapid descent into sleep and called out tentatively. "Ms. Haywood?" There was no response; Brielle was out cold.
Sydney felt like she had struck gold without lifting a finger and promptly texted Spencer.
Spencer smirked as he read Sydney's message. Without wasting a beat, he called Alivia. "Ms.
Chapter 438
Alivia, remember our little agreement? It's time to take care of the problem in Brielle's belly. I've drugged her into a stupor. She'll be delivered to you shortly. You've got a doctor who can keep a secret, right?" A glint of triumph flashed in Alivia's eyes. She hadn't expected Spencer to deliver so quickly. "Brielle, oh Brielle, you never saw this coming, did you?"
Memories of her visit to the sanatorium and hearing the shocking truth from Martha's lips flashed through Alivia's mind - how Max had stooped so low as to help Brielle not take the contraception pills. Brielle wasn't worthy!
Bitterness laced with exhilaration filled Alivia. To dispose of the child Max didn't know about was to control Brielle's destiny. Brielle deserved to grovel at their feet, a plaything in their
hands..
"Spencer, I'll send you an address. Bring her there," Alivia instructed, her voice cold.
With her extensive connections from working in the research institute, Alivia knew exactly whom to call - Tessa. The Rowland family's medical empire was unparalleled, and after ensuring Tessa's discretion, she headed for the destination.
The clinic was private but staffed with top-tier doctors accustomed to the dirty laundry of Beaconsfield's elite. Whether it was a pristine debutante needing a quiet procedure or a socialite's indiscretion, they were experts.
And their equipment? State-of-the-art, catering only to those who could afford the utmost privacy and care.
###Chapter 439
Chapter 439
After hanging up the phone, Spencer flashed his homeowner's ID to the gatekeeper and was naturally granted entry.
When he reached Brielle's location, he felt an unexpected surge of excitement. Sydney welcomed him in, and Spencer strode past her into the house.
There, Brielle lay on the couch, sleeping quietly but looking terribly under the weather. Spencer's brow furrowed in concern. The medication should have only put her into a deep sleep without harming her. Yet, she appeared so frail.
He glanced at Sydney, who hurried to explain. "Didn't I tell you? Ms. Haywood wasn't feeling well. When I first came in, I noticed she looked quite pale."
Spencer snorted dismissively, certain that Sydney wouldn't dare harm Brielle. He bent down, about to scoop Brielle into his arms, when her phone on the coffee table rang and caught his attention - it was Max calling.
Sydney also noticed and was surprised. She knew Max was the president of Dorsey International, but why had Brielle saved his contact simply as 'Max?'
Others at Dorsey International would've respectfully listed him as 'Mr. Dorsey."
A first-name basis suggested either equal standing or a close relationship. Sydney dismissed the former, but could the latter be possible?
Considering Brielle was Spencer's ex-fiancée, her knowing Max on a personal level wasn't odd. Brielle sure knew how to elevate her status, going so far as to save just his first name.
Spencer's heart nearly stopped at the sight of the flashing screen. He could not answer the call but worried that ignoring it might raise suspicion. He took Brielle's phone, using her fingertip to unlock it.
The phone unlocked smoothly, but Spencer couldn't bring himself to press the answer button. Instead, he texted Max. [I need a few hours of sleep.]
Max sat in the Dorsey International penthouse, his brow furrowing upon reading the message. Even though she wanted to sleep, there was no need for her to disconnect his call.
He'd worked through the night at Dorsey International, troubled by something the evening before. In the morning, he'd checked his phone to find no messages or missed calls. Brielle sure could keep her cool. In the end, he compromised and reached out first, only to have the call disconnected.
Was she angry? Shouldn't he be the one upset?
Amused and helpless, he texted back. [Rest well. Call me when you wake up.]
Spencer breathed a sigh of relief at the response and picked up Brielle, preparing to leave.
11:447
Chapter 439
She smelled delightful, more intoxicating than ever before. Although he and Brielle had been engaged for years, he had never held her like this. And she had never been so docile before. Previously, it was indifference, then disgust. Her feelings towards him had always been clear. He knew he had wronged her with the whole Lillian affair, but her involvement with Max was also betrayal, wasn't it? He had no other choices. This child could not live. If Max found out about it, marriage would be inevitable.
Spencer carried Brielle out, and seeing Sydney about to follow, he instructed her. "Go back to Dorsey International, to the penthouse. Make sure Uncle Max knows Brielle is resting and doesn't want to be disturbed."
Sydney hesitated, fearful of lying to the president. "Mr. Spencer, I-'
"Just do as I say. You understand?! I'll give you a million if you pull it off." Spencer's voice was light, as if a million dollars was merely a frivolous sum.
Sydney gave in, though nervous.
"If he doesn't ask, don't say a word. Keep me posted on his whereabouts. Delay him if he tries to leave, got it?"
She nodded, willing to risk it for the money. In the worst case, she'd quit Dorsey International once she had enough.
Spencer didn't linger. Carrying Brielle, he descended the stairs. To avoid drawing attention at the exit, he covered Brielle with his suit jacket, making it difficult for the guards to recognize
her.
As he placed Brielle in his car, he watched her peaceful face and wished he could whisk her away from Beaconsfield right then. But Max would surely search for them, and with Max's influence, Spencer had nowhere to hide.
By driving a wedge between Brielle and Max, Spencer saw a chance for himself.
###Chapter 440
Chapter 440
Spencer's fingertips grazed her cheek, leaning in to steal a kiss, but the thought of another. man's child growing in her belly stopped the kiss dead in its tracks. He pulled back, buckled Brielle into the seat, and drove to the clinic where he was meeting Alivia.
Alivia was already there, pacing.
The clinic's floors shone like mirrors, and although the fa?ade was unimpressive, the interior was another story. High-tech machines dotted the space, with doctors in white gloves poring over medical charts. Alivia was unusually jittery and even suspected Spencer of deceiving her-how could he have drugged Brielle so easily?
When she saw Spencer's car pull up, a cold smile spread across her face.
Spencer carried Brielle in, handing her over to two doctors. During the transfer, Brielle was
she groggy, blind to her surroundings, and deaf to the conversations around her. She felt as were trapped in a dark, silent box, a terrifying space where her struggles were futile. She was so tired, wanting nothing more than to sleep forever.
Alivia, seeing Brielle's face, could hardly wait to see her dead, preferably right there on the operating table. But if Brielle died now, she'd remain a saint in Max's memory.
The living could never compete with the dead.
She looked at Spencer, hesitant. "Spencer, are you sure about this? If Max finds out later and starts digging..."
"I'm sure. Just have the doctors run a check first." His gaze lingered on Brielle's face for a moment before he left her with the doctors.
Alivia seemed to want to say more, but Spencer was resolute. "Ms. Alivia, my mind is made up. Whatever the consequences, I'm ready to face them."
In the corner of his eye, Alivia's lips curled in a slow smirk-good, let him bear the brunt of Max's wrath. Spencer was either too young or too ignorant of Max's fury, which could be hellish.
The doctors, having taken charge of Brielle, noticed her pallor and ran some tests with their gadgets. They exchanged a look.
"Ms. Alivia, Mr. Dorsey, what procedure do you wish us to perform on this lady?"
"Terminate the pregnancy," Spencer said without hesitation.
The doctors' confusion deepened. "Mr. Dorsey, our blood tests show that she's not pregnant. She's experiencing a hormonal imbalance." "What? That's impossible!" Spencer's voice spiked. "The pregnancy test showed two lines!"
11:47
Pregnancy tests are generally reliable, with over 90% accuracy, but that's assuming stable hormonal conditions. If a person's hormone levels are erratic, the results can be misleading. This woman has been in poor health, likely from a childhood Injury, which makes natural conception unlikely. If she wishes to conceive, she'll need to address her health first."
So Brielle wasn't pregnant after all?
Spencer didn't know whether to feel relieved or lost. Relleved that she wouldn't suffer an abortion, but lost because if she wasn't pregnant, what could he use to drive a wedge between him and Max? Alvia was just as stunned by the revelation. Hearing that Brielle's chances of conceiving were slim, she felt as if the heavens were alding her. This woman might struggle to carry a child. If she somehow managed to marry into the Dorsey family, Max would surely reject her.
After all, lineage was paramount in such families.
Now, all Alivia needed to do was capture Max's heart. Brielle was doomed to be discarded.
As much as Alivia wanted Brielle to never leave this room, it wasn't realistic. She had no idea how Spencer had managed to bring Brielle here without leaving a trace. If there were any slip-ups, Max would easily trace it back. Alivia wasn't about to risk everything for a moment of satisfaction.
"Mr. Dorsey, this woman is suffering. Her appendix is inflamed, which can be life-threatening. We need to perform an appendectomy immediately."
Spencer was overwhelmed and at a loss for what to do.
But Alivia's eyes sparkled with malice, her lips curving into a smile. "When she wakes up, just tell her the pregnancy was terminated.
###Chapter 441
Chapter 441
The pain of an impending appendectomy was looming, but Brielle was already in agony. convinced that she was with child. Her refusal to take the prescribed birth control pills at the sanatorium was a testament to her fear of harming the unborn child.
Too bad, this woman would never bear a child.
Spencer, nearby, had caught on to Alivia's plan. It was sinister and yet perfect. If they could make Brielle believe that she had lost the child, how could she ever face Max the same way again?
At that moment, Spencer found Alivia terrifyingly ingenious. He turned to look at her, only to find her face still wearing a mask of gentleness. "I'm just talking nonsense. Maybe we should drop it," she said. Relief washed over Spencer, but the seed of a devastating idea had been planted. "We'll do as you suggested," he said, already plotting. "But on whom shall we pin the blame for the loss of the child?" Who could they make Brielle hate enough to maximize her suffering and drive a wedge between her and Max?
Alivia lowered her gaze, knowing it couldn't be Max himself. Their relationship was at a critical point, and any heart-to-heart could unravel the devious plan.
But to pin the blame on Martha suggested she had forced Brielle to miscarry in secret, without Max's knowledge-that could work. Brielle would be cornered and unable to take her grievance to Max without risking the delicate balance between him and the Dorsey family.
Alivia's lips curled into a sly smile. "Why not blame Auntie Martha? Brielle just visited her yesterday."
A brilliant opportunity.
Spencer lit up with malicious glee. "Yes, that's the ticket!"
Meanwhile, Brielle was oblivious to their scheming. Her pain was persistent and seemingly endless until a shot of medication brought her relief.
With the plan in motion, Alivia decided to leave. Her presence was no longer necessary. Spencer, however, couldn't leave Brielle's side, now realizing her pallor was due to an inflamed appendix. He paced outside anxiously, then noticed a new message on Brielle's phone from Max.
His hand trembled at the thought of Max's wrath if he knew Spencer was the one replying. [Still asleep? Open up,] the message read.
Startled, Spencer shot up from his seat. Hadn't Sydney been tasked with deterring Max? How had he still sought out Brielle and was now outside her door?
11:48
Chapter 441
Spencer hastily typed a reply to buy some time. [Out to dinner, feeling a bit queasy.)
Upon reading this, Max naturally retrieved his keys and entered her room with an air of familiarity.
The room was tidy. The soup and side dishes from breakfast were still on the table. Having been up all night, Max was exhausted and settled onto the couch, resting with eyes closed. He regretted leaving Brielle alone the night before. Some things, he realized, could only be resolved face-to-face, and sometimes, a hug was more potent than any words could ever be.
Surrounded by Brielle's scent, he found a sense of tranquility.
On the other end, the appendix surgery was a minor procedure and was soon completed.
"How long before she wakes?" he asked.
"About half an hour, Mr. Dorsey. Will you stay with her?"
Spencer couldn't risk it. Brielle's suspicion would read his every expression.
"Once she's awake, tell her exactly what I told you."
The doctors, accustomed to such scenarios, nodded indifferently. "Of course, Mr. Dorsey."
Spencer left with a heavy heart. His mind toyed with the idea of taking advantage of Brielle's vulnerability, but she was too weak post-surgery. It would only breed resentment, not affection.
He preferred her fiery resistance, her defiance. It was that spark in her eyes that could set him ablaze.
Eventually, she would be awake in his arms.
###Chapter 442
Chapter 442
Brielle awoke to a feeling of utter exhaustion, her body devoid of strength. She could hear voices outside her room, murmuring in hushed tones.
"The poor girl lost the baby. They forced some meds on her and did the D&C."
"Wasn't she out of it when she arrived? Why did they even need anesthesia?"
"They performed an appendectomy. If she had gotten here any later, that appendix would've done her in."
"It's a shame. So young, and now it's going to be tough for her to get pregnant again."
196
"High society is a minefield of drama, isn't it? We can't disobey Ms. Martha's orders. If anyone's to blame, it's just her rotten luck."
Lying there, staring at the stark white ceiling tiles, Brielle felt the pain not just in her body but spreading across her heart. She blinked her stinging eyes, trying to lift a finger to touch her surgical scars, but she was too drained, completely spent.
Why was being with Max so exhausting? What was so wrong about loving someone that an innocent life had to pay the price?
Biting her lip, she looked at the ceiling, tears silently trailing down her face.
Having deliberately spoken within earshot, the two doctors exchanged a knowing glance. Their task was complete. Back in their office, they couldn't help but sigh. "When will we stop being a part of these dirty deeds?"
"We know too much. Do you think we can just walk away clean? It's unfortunate for the girl, but if it weren't for the appendectomy, she'd have realized soon enough that she hadn't had a D&C. But now, with this surgery, she'll need to rest. Considering she thought she was pregnant, she'll assume it was a miscarriage. Isn't that exactly what Mr. Dorsey wanted?"
"The high society's dirty laundry could fill a whole laundromat."
The conversation ended as both seemed to recall unpleasant memories, their faces turning grim.
Meanwhile, Brielle, on the hospital bed, kept her eyes tightly shut. Her mind was a blank void. Her body ached, and she just wanted to sleep it all away.
Her phone kept ringing, incessantly buzzing, but she lacked the strength to answer it until a nurse came in, holding up her phone.
Struggling to open her eyes, Brielle could just make out the flashing name on the screen. It was Max. But she didn't want to see anyone right now. "Ms. Brielle, do you want me to hang up for you?"
Brielle's lips were cracked and parched from not having sipped water since the night before.
Her voice was hoarse as she whispered, "Please, send him a message for me. Tell him I've gone to stay with Aubree for a few days."
"And, could you open my contacts and find Aubree's name? Send her a text saying if Maxasts about me, tell him I'm with her."
The nurse, seeing her politeness and how she struggled to maintain composure in her weakened state, felt a wave of guilt, but once you were part of this clinic, you couldn't share its secrets with the outside world. So she did as Brielle asked, and after putting the phone down, she inquired if Brielle wanted something to eat.
"Who brought me here?" Brielle remembered Sydney being at her home before everything went black.
"Just a lady."
It must have been Sydney, then..
Brielle closed her eyes slowly; she had no appetite. "Just give me a glucose IV. I don't want to eat anything." She just needed that to sustain her energy.
The nurse nodded, setting up the IV before drawing the curtains around the bed for privacy.
This was a clinic accustomed to dealing with the dirty secrets of the elite, often frequented by celebrities with unwanted pregnancies and other private matters. The privacy and luxury provided ensured Brielle could rest without concerns.
After receiving Brielle's message, Max massaged his temples, questioning whether his harsh tone had hurt her the day before.
One of the perks of dating Max was that he never blamed the woman. In many ways, he and Brielle were alike-confident in all but matters of the heart, where they both fumbled, fearing they might hurt the other.
Yesterday, he was angry and left quickly to avoid lashing out at Brielle. He had hoped a cool-off would do them both good. He hadn't expected her to have an even bigger temper.
Rubbing his forehead, Max dialed Andrew's number to find out where he was.
"Tequila Sunset, having a drink. You in?"
Max decided to join him.
Andrew lounged back in the VIP booth, nudging Kenzo beside him. "Max is on his way."
Kenzo, swirling a glass of red wine, smiled slightly. "The Dorsey family's been a mess lately. Bet he's got a lot on his mind."
###Chapter 443
Chapter 443
Although the media circus remained blissfully unaware, those within the inner circle had their ears filled with whispers and rumors about the Dorsey clan. Max, the heir apparent to Dorsey International, was a busy man, especially with his brothers, each more conniving than the last.
Andrew shorted with disdain, I'd have had enough of it. If I were in his shoes, I would've kicked out the whole lot of them-William, Ryan, every last one-right out of the Dorsey family."
The Clements family didn't have the same sibling rivalry, which was probably why they took in Aubree in the first place. As for Andrew, his role as the heir had been carved out for him from birth, unlike the Dorseys' gladiatorial fight for the throne.
Kenzo set his glass down with a clink, corners of his mouth lifting in a smirk, reminding Andrew. "Just don't get on Max's bad side by talking smack about Brielle when he shows up."
"How am I the one causing him grief? Isn't he the one who can't decide who to be with because of your sister?" Andrew retorted.
Was Max being indecisive, though? That hardly seemed to fit Max.
Max arrived promptly and, without reaching for a drink, settled into a quiet observation of the
room's screen.
Andrew raised an eyebrow. The Dorsey drama must've really been getting to him.
Max leaned back, eyes closing slowly, his Adam's apple bobbing in the dim light, making his striking features even more pronounced.
Neither Andrew nor Kenzo disturbed him, and just as they were about to take a sip of their drinks, Max suddenly asked, "What do you guys think is the best way to win a woman's heart?" "Cough cough!"
"Choke!"
Both men sputtered, with Andrew nearly crying from the shock. His glass was shaking so much that the drink spilled. They must have heard wrong. Was Max asking for dating advice? But no, there it was. Max had indeed asked the question.
Andrew set his glass down, face serious. "Max, we men don't chase after women's affections."
Max glanced at him, his response dripping with sarcasm, "And wouldn't you have the nerve to say that?"
Andrew's face flushed, a rare sight.
Kenzo chuckled, then sighed, "I think it's good, actually. Max used to be too cold and unapproachable. Asking these questions now shows he's more down-to-earth." Andrew turned to Kenzo in disbelief. "Down-to-earth? The guy who, at sixteen, had Wall Street tycoons falling at his feet, bankrupting companies left and right?" Kenzo just smiled, keeping silent.
Max pursed his lips. "In Brielle's eyes, I'm just Max, not a symbol of Wall Street, not a free a the center of power. She sees me as just a man."
Andrew scoffed. "That kind of just a man doesn't come around offen. I bet she's just after your money."
Max laughed coldly. "Then why doesn't she go after someone else's money?
Andrew fell silent, unable to find a retort. Why, indeed, didn't Brielle chase after shere's wealth?
Dustin, a top-tier blueblood from North America, had made no secret of his affection for her. His pedigree was certainly no less than that of the Dorseys. If she were after money, ticke by Dustin for a few months could've given her more than she could ever dream of. Why bother with a charade with Max?
Unless it was Max himself she was drawn to.
Brielle was too genuine for lies, too straightforward for guile. Perhaps it was affection alone that could tether her, and maybe all the riches in the world couldn't hold a candle to a sweet nothing from Mac When she liked you, she liked you penniless. If she didn't, mountains of gold would mean nothing to her.
###Chapter 444
Chapter 444
Andrew couldn't fathom how someone like Max, who he thought was oblivious to matters of the heart, could possess such insight. It was true-Max wasn't well-versed in emotions, but he had eyes that saw clearer than most.
Society had always been harsh on women, especially within the elite echelons, where it seemed a woman's role was to fawn over men.
Within such circles, infidelity in married men was so commonplace it barely raised eyebrows. Elders would advise the women to be patient, assuring them that the wandering husbands would return home once the novelty wore off. A wife who couldn't accept such behavior was labeled as lacking understanding.
Flip the script, however, and a woman who strayed was considered unforgivable, a stain on male pride. Her husband wouldn't hesitate to kick her to the curb and find another.
For Max, when it came to Brielle, there were no such calculations of what should be or questions of dignity. The array of emotions Brielle stirred in him was novel, yet not unwelcome. She made him feel enriched in ways he hadn't known, but also more wanting.
Max was high above everyone else, but he never demanded Brielle to stand on tiptoes to reach him.
After a long silence, Andrew couldn't contain himself. "Max, what you feel for Brielle-is it affection, or love?"
The difference was monumental.
Andrew would go to the ends of the earth for Tessa because he loved her. But Max and Brielle had only known each other for a short time.
Max was stumped by the question, "It's affection," he said after a brief hesitation.
Love was a word too heavy to utter lightly. To Max, it was more burdensome than the world, a promise of devotion to life and death.
Relieved by Max's response, Andrew thought it was good that for men, affection was a shallow thing. Something so easily drowned in a few extra beers or cast aside after meeting a few new faces. Andrew's lips curled into a small smile. It seemed Max regarded Brielle simply as a canary. And there was no shame in trying to win the favor of a canary.
"Getting Brielle to like you is easy." Andrew said. "She grew up in an orphanage, starved of attention and love. Women fall in love through their ears-they just want to hear sweet nothings. Compliment her often, spend time with her, and keep the gifts coming."
Max only glanced at Andrew's advice, recognizing his friend's tactics with Tessa.
But Brielle was not Tessa.
1/2
11:43
Chapter 444
Kenzo joined the conversation. "Max, your mother just returned to the States, and she's quite chummy with my sister. If Brielle has feelings for you, she'll be influenced by that. How about this-in a week, some of our friends are heading to a vacation lodge for a barbecue. It will be a blast, and since Brielle's new to Beaconsfield, she could use some friends her age. It could. bring you two closer."
Such gatherings were common among the young and affluent set, a chance to build connections that could lead to strategic marriages. But Max had never shown interest before. Kenzo lifted his glass with a smirk. "Don't worry, I'll vet the invitees. No loose lips."
Max finally loosened up. He didn't mind his relationship with Brielle being exposed; he would do his best to protect her from harm. However, the purpose of Brielle hiding the rosary was very clear. She temporarily did not want their relationship to be public.
He respected her wishes.
"Sure, I'll ask her."
Max dropped the subject. When Andrew taunted Brielle's status not matching up to Max's. suggesting she was no more than a pretty caged bird, Max didn't bite.
"What's it to them?"
"Brielle could play her cards right and benefit from the connection," Andrew pointed out.
"And that would make her happy?"
Max caring about her happiness took Andrew aback.
Finding the conversation futile, Andrew quietly sipped his drink while Max quickly left the bar-a place he seldom frequented anyway.
Back in his car, Max was at a loss. He gripped the steering wheel, wondering what he used to do before Brielle entered his life.
###Chapter 445
Chapter 445
Max racked his brain, only to realize that the bulk of his time was spent chained to his desk, working overtime. The only respite from his disciplined yet dull routine was the occasional beer with Andrew and a few other colleagues.
Pulling out his phone once more, he stared at the screen. True to form, Brielle hadn't sent any
messages.
After driving for a bit, Max couldn't shake off his concern. He pulled over, hesitated, and then sent a text. [What are you up to?]
Worried that she was still upset with him, he pondered for a while before scrolling through the emoji options in WhatsApp and sending a rose for the first time.
Sending a rose was a safe bet, right?
Max wasn't one for emojis, and he rarely chatted on WhatsApp. Apart from replying promptly to Brielle, he would typically ignore messages from others unless they were of utmost importance. Brielle, however, wasn't checking her phone. Upon waking, she just lay there, blankly staring at the ceiling. When hunger struck, she would just ask the doctor for a glucose shot.
Her heart felt hollow, leaving her entire being cold and numb. She felt a bone-deep chill paired with an aching pain. Her phone chimed, but it was as if she didn't hear it. She lay quietly, ready to drift back to sleep.
Max waited and waited for a reply and started to think that maybe she didn't like roses after all. He opened the emoji menu again, searching earnestly until he found a fireworks emoji. They had watched fireworks together once, and she had loved it.
Max sent one fireworks emoji, then decided it wasn't enough and sent five more in a row. After sending them, he just sat quietly in the driver's seat, waiting for a response.
But there was nothing, and his phone was eerily silent. He started to question whether there was an issue with his phone.
The messages were sent successfully, so it wasn't a service problem.
Max rubbed his temples, reluctant to admit that Brielle might've been intentionally ignoring him.
For the first time, he felt what it was like to be given the cold shoulder. But there was another possibility-that something had happened to Brielle.
His heart skipped a beat at the thought. Just as he was about to call Patrick to ask him to check Brielle's location, she replied to his message. [Exhausted. Need some rest. Is it okay if I take a few days off?]
1/2
11:48
Chapter 445
Max's frown deepened, and he immediately called her. He braced himself for the worst, tearing that something had happened to Brielle and someone else was using her phone, but firielle's weary voice came through.
"Max."
He didn't know it it was his concern, but her voice sounded tearful, and it weighed heavily on his heart. "What did you do to get so tired?"
Brielle lay in bed, pale as a ghost, gripping the bedsheets so tightly that the veins on the back of her hand stood out. Each word he spoke stabbed at her heart like a knife.
She recalled something Sydney had said and decided to use it. "I watched a TV show. The main characters lost their child. It's been tough."
"You've been with Aubree watching TV shows?"
"Yeah, it was so engaging. I'm fine, really. Just got a little too invested for a moment,"
Max wasn't sure how to comfort her. One moment, he found Brielle's empathy endearing, and the next moment, absurd.
His approach to comfort was always straightforward, "Which TV show? I'll talk to the scriptwriter and see if we can get the couple another child in the plot."
Brielle's tears flowed even harder. "It's gone... how can they have another? The show said it was hard for the woman to get pregnant again."
###Chapter 446
Chapter 446
She bit her lip, and tears welled up in a storm, but the words she forced out were crystal clear.
Through the screen, Max couldn't sense her emotions. But Max wasn't a fool; he realized Brielle probably just needed to vent. "Then cry," he said. "Let it out, and I'll feel better."
No sooner had he spoken than Brielle's muttled sobs came through, like a wounded animal licking its wounds. "Yeah, how could the baby just be gone?"
Max had never been one to watch soap operas, and hearing Brielle's sobbing now, he was convinced such things shouldn't exist.
Once the sobs had a way out, they were hard to stop. Brielle really wanted to cry her heart out. but she teared it might make Max suspicious, so she suppressed most of the emotion. Joy needed to be shared, and so did sorrow.
After crying for ten minutes, her eyes were sore, and tearing she couldn't hold it in any longer, she said, "Max, I'm gonna keep watching, okay? Can you give me the day off?”
"Don't stay up too late," Max cautioned. He wanted to say more, but Brielle had already hung
1. UD.
Just then, Kenzo sent a message saying that the guest list for the upcoming barbecue was set. with no blabbermouths included.
Max thought about Kenzo's line of work and felt irritated. [Can't you scriptwriters take some responsibility for your audience?]
[] Kenzo sent back three question marks, wondering if one of his dramas had caused an issue. He even checked the trending topics on social media, thinking his script might have caused an uproar big enough to reach Max.
But all was calm.
This was the first time Kenzo had been on the receiving end of Max's ire, and he had no ideal why..
After sending the message, Max pulled up Aubree's contact. [Next time, bring Brielle to something less melodramatic.]
When Aubree saw the message, she thought she'd read it wrong.
Was Max messaging her first? Really?
She scrolled through the chat, reading it several times just to be sure.
She had probably been added as a contact only because of Brielle, and now, out of the blue, he was reaching out to her. But she had already been warned by Brielle not to let slip a word to Max, probably because the two had a falling out.
Chapter 446
[Right, Mr. Dorsey, you got it.j
After replying. Aubree dialed Brielle's number, but there was no answer. She tried again.
Meanwhile. Brielle was curled up in bed, sobbing into her pillow with her body twitching from the effort. Her eyes
were swollen, and she looked a mess.
Ignoring the persistent ring of her phone, she only stopped crying when exhaustion took over, blinking away the pain in her eyes.
Her voice was completely gone, leaving her unable to answer Aubree's call. So she texted back. [I'm sleeping now. I need some rest these days.]
Aubree didn't respond, probably belleving her.
When the doctor came in and saw Brielle's swollen eyes, she felt a pang of sympathy. "Ms. Brielle, you should stop crying. You might tear your wounds open. You need to rest and recuperate." Brielle didn't have the energy to respond. Her head lay listless on the pillow.
The doctor, a woman in her forties, was reminded of her own daughter when she saw Brielle and sighed. "It's not impossible to conceive: It's just going to be hard."
Brielle remained silent, as still as a statue.
The doctor injected her with glucose, patiently advising, "You can't keep on with glucose injections forever. Start eating solid food so you can heal faster. Ms. Brielle, you are young. Some things are better accepted and moved on from."
After all, society was brutally realistic, and human nature was complex.
Having worked in the clinic for so long, the doctor had seen it all. From the wealthy to the poor, the underlying nature of people was intricate. People strutted and fretted their hour upon the stage of the world, boasting, belittling, and meddling in each other's affairs.
In the doctor's eyes, Brielle was lucky not to have actually conceived, for given the nature of the two men involved, the outcome for the child-and Brielle-would likely have been grim.
Yet Brielle herself was unaware, and the pain of loss was the same whether she had been pregnant or not.
The doctor drew the curtain and left the room.
Brielle closed her eyes to continue resting. She rested for four days.
During that time, Sydney found those days to be the most unbearable. Ever since she had tampered with Brielle's soup, she hadn't seen her again. She even began to suspect Spencer might have actually killed Brielle-what else could explain her prolonged absence?
She went out of her way to confront Spencer on the top floor, but he just ushered her into the men's restroom, saying nothing, and thrusted into her. Chapter 440
Sydney knew he didn't respect her and never really saw her as a woman. To him, she was nothing more than a tool, a mere connection to Brielle,
###Chapter 447
Chapter 447
Lately, Sydney had been growing increasingly irritated with her boyfriend to the point where she'd contemplated breaking up with him several times. And every time she saw him busting his hump to save up for a modest suburban home, she couldn't help but feel the irony. After all, she was sitting on a cool twenty million, a little secret she'd kept well hidden from him.
The reason Sydney hadn't called it quits was complex. They'd met each other's families, their hometowns were next to each other, and they'd known each other for years. But perhaps the most compelling reason was that her boyfriend's family had paid for her college tuition.
Sydney's own background was nothing to write home about. She was from a family scraping by, and her boyfriend's relatives had supported her entire education. They had covered all her tuition and living expenses. Her relationship with her boyfriend was more a debt of gratitude than a passionate romance.
Their physical relationship had become as routine as toast and coffee for breakfast-comfortable but lacking zest.
But Spencer was a different story. Being rich, handsome, and a wild card, Spencer knew how to turn any situation into an adventure. Take the penthouse bathroom they were in now-Sydney could hear the comings and goings of people beyond the walls. Spencer just clamped a hand over her mouth. His control-his almost humiliating dominance-was addictive.
She had a thing for men who took charge, and Spencer fit the bill.
After having his way, Spencer began to clean up. Sydney was used to his cold indifference, so she proactively asked, "Mr. Dorsey, you didn't really off Ms. Haywood, did you? I never signed on for murder." Spencer glanced at her, and that look froze her in place. She'd seen him vulnerable in front of Brielle, but with her, he was untouchable, and she felt like a handmaid awaiting a royal favor. Swallowing hard, Sydney listened as he spoke. "Ever heard of walls having ears? You don't need to worry about Brielle. That's none of your business, and you're not in a position to bring her up. Just keep an eye on her for me like I asked. You'll get paid, but don't expect anything. more. You're just a trifle to me, nothing compared to even a fingertip of hers."
Feeling humiliated, Sydney's face went pale. No woman could stand such an insult. What on earth was so special about Brielle? She was already pregnant and still on Spencer's radar. Sydney trembled with rage but dared not defy him, meekly nodding her agreement.
As Spencer headed for the door, he cast a backward glance. "If word about Brielle gets out, your won't live to see another sunrise."
Sydney flinched, avoiding his gaze.
Once it was quiet outside, she slumped onto the toilet, sweating with fury. Was she not pretty enough? Was her figure not sizzling enough? Why didn't Spencer give her a second look? Chapter 447
Whenever she went out to dinner with her boyfriend, she could feel the gazes of other men on her, but with Spencer, it was like hitting a brick wall.
Her thoughts were interrupted by her phone ringing-it was her boyfriend. Instantly annoyed, she begrudgingly pressed the answer button. "What's up? I'm swamped at work. Can we talk later?" "Syd, did you forget? It's my birthday today. Let's go out for dinner. I've booked a place."
Whatever place he could afford hardly seemed up to par. Sydney rolled her eyes; her massive bank balance made her feel like he was beneath her.
But with their families so intertwined, dumping him would tarnish her reputation. The hometown gossip mill would have a field day, and even her parents would face backlash. In their community, reputation was everything.
She'd have to find another way to ditch him and, while she was at it, work on getting Spencer to
fall for her.
"I've got to work late tonight. We'll talk about your birthday some other time. And you, what about your work? Aren't you supposed to be saving for that house? I saw a nice one the other day."
"I know, but you only get one birthday a year. I was thinking-
H
Sydney cut him off mid-sentence. "What, and nobody else does? Can you stop being so sentimental? I've got to go."
Hanging up, she sneered inwardly. The thought of going back to him, possibly to have sex with her boyfriend, filled her with restlessness and annoyance.
###Chapter 448
Chapter 448
She composed herself and slipped out of the men's restroom quietly.
Reaching the top floor lobby, she caught sight of Spencer, the man she had just hooked up with. After their heated moment, he was impeccably dressed and engaged in conversation with the company's executives.
A wave of pride washed over Sydney. Had she known she'd be left feeling this satisfied, she would've been more cooperative when things initially got heated. A smirk played on her lips. Just as she was about to head down the corridor toward the elevator, the private lift doors slid open, and Max stepped out.
Startled, Sydney dropped her gaze and attempted to make a discreet exit, but Max spoke up. "Are you Brielle's assistant?"
Her body stiffened, a flush of excitement coloring her face. Was the CEO actually speaking to her directly?
Just a few days ago, Spencer had instructed her to delay Max, to keep him from leaving the office. Despite her efforts, Max hadn't so much as glanced her way. Back then, she felt like the unattainable was just that-unattainable. But now, Max was initiating conversation.
Up close, his features were even more striking, and Sydney had to pinch herself to stay composed. "Yes, Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Haywood promoted me as her assistant just a few days
ago."
"Follow me," he
said curtly, leading the way to his office.
Sydney's cheeks glowed with excitement, and she felt the weight of everyone's gazes on her as if she had become the star of the executive floor.
Walking beside someone so dazzling seemed to also cast a glow on her.
Internally gloating, Sydney hurried to keep up. As she approached the CEO's office, she felt Spencer's eyes on her.
Her smugness deepened. After their previous encounters, Spencer had hardly acknowledged her, but now he was watching her every move. Could it be that he was having trouble letting go?
As she was about to enter the CEO's office, she wondered what Max would say. Perhaps his intentions mirrored Spencer's-maybe he desired her too.
The thought sent a thrilling heat through her. She fancied the notion that the Dorsey men might've been vying for her attention, and were jealous over her.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, she stepped into the office.
Max was already seated. His presence was so commanding that it seemed to slow time and space itself. The sunlight filtered in, illuminating his desk and accentuating his untouchable
1/2
Chapter 443
aura, For a moment, Sydney wanted to surrender, even be conquered.
But Max's gaze didn't linger on her. She was nothing more than an extra plece in the room to
him.
"What would you have me do, Mr. Dorsey?" she asked, her voice quivering with a hint of seduction.
Max, impervious to the advances of women, didn't pick up on her intent.
The rejection stung Sydney. Being ignored when trying to seduce someone was humiliating.
He slid a file across the desk to her. "Brielle should be back soon. Give her this document."
Sydney blinked. Handing over a document seemed below the CEO's pay grade. Her cheeks flushed with excitement, Perhaps this was just an excuse to talk to her more. Her voice shook. "Of course, of course. I'll make sure Ms. Haywood gets it."
But Max's next question knocked her from cloud nine straight to the depths of despair. "Has. Brielle been upset these past few days?"
Max had been in touch with Brielle but hadn't seen her. He realized that no TV show could upset her to this extent. Brielle was usually so composed. The only explanation was that she was still angry with him. Standing before his desk, Sydney's smugness evaporated at his words. The sparkle in her eyes was extinguished as if doused with cold water.
He had called her in not for her sake or even for the document but because of Brielle.
Because of that bitch Brielle!
Sydney's grip tightened on the file, nearly crumpling it. She wanted to scream, to lash out. Why did everyone only see her because of Brielle? When had she become nothing more than Brielle's shadow? Why?
###Chapter 449
Chapter 449
Max didn't catch her reply, his gaze lifting to meet hers for a brief moment. Sydney felt pinned in place by that look, her heart racing with fear that her thoughts might betray her. She quickly dropped her gaze. "Ms. Haywood isn't in the best of spirits."
She really wanted to say that Brielle's health wasn't great either, but Spencer had been clear - not a single detail about that day was to be shared with Max.
It took a while before Max broke the silence, choosing his words carefully. "When she gets back, casually ask her whether she prefers movies or shopping."
He'd been trying to get Brielle to go out with him for days, but she always had an excuse. He didn't know Brielle well enough yet, and with her being upset, she'd dodge the question even if he asked her directly. It was better to have her assistant suss it out so he could catch her off guard with a pleasant surprise next time. Plus, the outdoor BBQ that Boat Ink mentioned was coming up soon.
Sydney's face twisted at his words. The unreachable deity of her heart was now asking her about the likes and dislikes of an ordinary woman-how ludicrous.
She took a deep breath, her hands clenched tight. So, all the jealousy over her had been a farce. Both men were only showing her attention because of Brielle.
With Spencer, Sydney could understand; they had a history as fiancés.
But Max? What was his reason?
Sydney couldn't figure it out. It must've been Brielle's face then. As much as she hated to admit it, Brielle had a striking face-aloof and distant when silent. Her usual style was clean and efficient, the kind of look that men probably fantasized about in bed. No wonder Brielle had so many men concerned for her, even Mr. Noah...
Realizing this, Sydney was more than unhappy-she felt resentful.
"Sure, I'll ask Ms. Haywood once she's back." Sydney could taste the bitterness in her voice as she spoke. She couldn't help but steal a glance at Max, noticing how the frosty man softened at the mention of Brielle. He liked Brielle, liked her enough to want to know her preferences.
Sydney felt the sting of pain. No woman liked to be compared, especially not when it came to allure.
"Yeah, you can go now." Max reverted to his usual indifference as he spoke to her.
Sydney, though resentful, didn't dare to overstep in front of Max. She left the office as if in a daze, stepping into the elevator just as another person squeezed in.
"Did Uncle Max ask you about Brielle? What did you tell him?" Spencer's tone there was an edge of caution, as if afraid she would slip up.
e was mild, yet
Sydney had been holding back her emotions, but hearing Brielle's name again made her
Chapter 449
explode. "Brielle! Brielle! All you people ever think about is Brielle! Am I invisible to you?!" After her outburst, she seemed to regain some composure, her face turning pale. Spencer snorted coldly. "Why would you even compare yourself to her? Don't you have any sense of reality?"
Sydney's shame turned her from pale to red.
When the elevator reached her floor and the doors opened with a 'ding,' she saw Brielle standing not far from the entrance.
Sydney and Spencer both froze, especially Spencer, whose reaction was intense. He immediately forgot Sydney's presence and strode toward Brielle with purpose.
###Chapter 450
Chapter 450
It had only been a few days, but she seemed leaner, her eyes were brighter, and her demeanor had taken on an icy edge.
There she stood, casually yet firmly supervising her employees as they summarized content from a rival company. She demanded absolute precision with every figure and every word. "This company's analysis is slightly off. We don't need to pursue an acquisition here. Scrap this report."
"But, Ms. Haywood," one of the team members protested, 'we've all been putting in overtime lately, and we think this company could be a dark horse in the future."
The colleague looked up to Brielle with a mix of admiration and concern. She had only just returned to the department and was already diving into work. Could her health withstand the strain?
Brielle's expression remained neutral as she glanced at the others. They were all ears, keen to hear her take on the company's prospects.
With a light chuckle, Brielle addressed them, "You've all worked hard while I was away. This company started with smartphones, and as I always say, for a product-based company, user experience is king. Every acquisition we've made has been of companies whose products meet, even exceed, consumer expectations. I'm not dismissing your efforts-this company does have potential, and their initial products were a hit. But lately, the CEO's vision seems to have veered off-course, delving into what they call 'cutting-edge tech.""
The team listened intently, hanging on every word.
"Cutting-edge tech and meeting consumer expectations are two different ball games. We're talking about value for money versus technological marvels. They demand different investments, resource allocation, and talent pools. And let's not forget that the sense of purpose and pride that drives employees varies with each path. If a CEO's compass starts to wobble, it usually leads to internal conflict and inefficiency. So, let's put the acquisition on hold and see what their next move is. For a smartphone aimed at women, making photos look more glamorous is the way to go, not chasing after tech for tech's sake." No sooner had she finished than Brielle felt a strong pull to the side. Looking up, her expression darkened upon seeing Spencer. "Let go."
Feeling the heat of her glare and a twinge of hurt, Spencer reluctantly released her wrist and gave her a once-over. She was supposed to be mourning the loss of a child and was only days out from an appendectomy. Why was she back at work already?
"Brielle, how are you? Why weren't you here these past few days? Did something happen? You look pale, and you've lost weight." Spencer tried to seem genuinely concerned, hoping to atone for his internal guilt.
Brielle, however, was not in the mood for his antics.
1/2
11:49
Chapter 450
The colleagues, who had been ready to applaud Brielle's speech, now turned their attention to Spencer, pretending to be engrossed in their own work to spare Brielle any embarrassment.
As Brielle turned to head back to her office, Spencer grasped her wrist again.
"Spencer, are you out of your mind?"
For some reason, being chastised by her didn't faze Spencer. It felt like the Brielle he knew.
Brielle's gaze shifted past him, spotting Sydney near the elevator. It was unusual to see them together. Her frown deepened-had Spencer been giving Sydney a hard time?
Sydney was her assistant, and Brielle was naturally inclined to take her side. "Sydney, come to my office. We need to talk."
Sydney, who had been standing there in shock at the sight of Spencer mooning over Brielle. couldn't help but find the situation amusing. Why should she be anyone's shadow? Hearing her name, Sydney approached, albeit reluctantly. "Ms. Haywood, you're back."
Brielle nodded, taking a moment before expressing her gratitude. "Thanks for taking me to the clinic the other day."
Clinic?
Confusion flickered across Sydney's face, but noticing Spencer's gaze, she simply nodded. "No need to thank me. It's part of the job."
###Chapter 451
Chapter 451
Brielle dragged herself to the office that day, mustering just enough energy to feign normalcy.
Losing a child had taken a toll on her spirit. She had barely eaten anything in days. Her appendix scar was healing but still caused her pain with every move. The doctor had. suggested she rest a few more days, yet Brielle insisted on leaving.
Only upon her departure did she realize she had been at a high-end clinic, impressed that Sydney had managed to find such a place.
Without suspicion, she went to her apartment at Pearl Estate, changed into fresh clothes, and headed straight for the office.
For most of these past days, she had been alone. The silence was too much, and her thoughts often drifted to the emptiness where her unborn child had been. Bedridden and in pain from the appendicitis, she'd become numb, as if the baby had never existed. Yet the memory of those two little lines on the test kept reminding her of the life that had been there, a life that vanished before having a chance to see the world.
Brielle yearned for the distraction of a bustling environment, to avoid sinking further into her thoughts.
Brielle entered her office and Sydney followed close behind, while Spencer was left waiting outside.
But Spencer wasn't upset. On the contrary, he was eager to see what Brielle would do next. After losing a child because of Max's mother, could she really continue to be with Max with no hard feelings? It seemed inevitable that they would fall out.
At that moment, Spencer felt an unprecedented sense of satisfaction, barely containing the smirk on his face.
Inside the office, Brielle took her seat at her desk.
Sydney couldn't help but recall her first time with Spencer, right there in that very office. A sneer-of mockery flashed in her eyes as if she had triumphed over Brielle. If Brielle knew, she'd surely be disgusted, right?
Brielle's expression remained impassive as she looked at Sydney. "Has Spencer done. something inappropriate to you?" She had noticed something off in Sydney's gaze towards Spencer and wondered if it was just her imagination.
Sydney's heart skipped a beat, but she was undeniably thrilled. If it weren't for Spencer's explicit instructions to keep their affair secret, she might have already shouted it from the rooftops, "Your ex-fiancé has been addicted to sleeping with me lately."
But she dared not. She had no power to contend with the Dorsey family.
"No, Ms. Haywood, you're overthinking." Sydney replied quickly, handing over some files. "By the way, Ms. Haywood, you've been under the weather and probably in a bad mood. Why not go Chapter 451
out for a meal, watch a movie, or do some shopping? The other ladies in the department love shopping, but I've noticed you don't go much."
Brielle had always been preoccupied with work and deeply committed to the company. Was it because of this dedication that the CEO had taken notice of her?
As Brielle pondered Sydney's words, Sydney scrutinized her calm and delicate face, which seemed aloof when silent.
Sydney internally despised her, thinking it was all about the face. What was so special about that face other than being a bit dolled up? Despite inwardly belittling Brielle, Sydney couldn't stop observing her. Brielle showed little interest in movies or shopping, having rarely indulged in such activities. "I'll keep the files. You may go," Brielle said coolly, her gaze returning to the pile of documents on her desk. Sydney had no choice but to leave.
Once alone, Brielle massaged her temples. She hadn't yet informed Max of her return to work. unsure of how to face him. Max had done nothing wrong from the start. He didn't even know what she had gone through.
But she couldn't let go and, therefore, couldn't face him.
However, she knew she couldn't avoid it forever. After work, her phone buzzed with a message from him. [Come up.]
The tone seemed somewhat angry.
Brielle hesitated in her office chair, sitting stiffly for half an hour without going upstairs. Her eyes listlessly scanned the messages on her computer screen.
It wasn't until two hours later, at ten o'clock at night, that her office door swung open, and Max's tall figure appeared in the doorway.
Brielle's heart skipped a beat, pretending to keep her eyes glued to the computer as if unaware of his arrival.
Max's expression was calm, almost serene, as he approached her while she continued to stare at her screen, fingers trembling slightly as she typed.
Standing behind her, he remained silent. The two engaged in a silent battle of wills, each testing the other's endurance.
###Chapter 452
Chapter 452
Time and space seemed to slow to a hush.
Outside the window, starlight sprinkled down, and the night breeze threading through the office. seemed to move more gently.
Brielle was supremely uncomfortable. If she had known he would just stand there like some kind of guardian statue behind her when he entered the room, she wouldn't have pretended not to notice him. Now, if she initiated a conversation, he would definitely realize she had been. intentionally ignoring him.
The sensation of ants crawling under her skin was unbearable, partly because he was her boyfriend and partly because he was her high-powered boss. Being silently scrutinized by him like this doubled the pressure.
What on earth did he want?
Brielle squirmed in her seat.
Max just watched her as she tapped out a string of gibberish, yet maintained an air of seriousness. He observed her fingers tremble as if she was about to give up. He sighed, approaching slowly, and leaned in to wrap his arms around her from behind.
"Brielle, what's on your mind?"
If there was one area where Max wasn't adept, it was definitely understanding women.
Her body was immediately enveloped by a warmth that was neither sharp nor accusatory, but like a gentle spring breeze blowing across a pond, compelling her to lean into it.
Brielle's hands, poised over the keyboard, froze. Her eyes flickered as she looked up to see her computer screen filled with a chaotic mix of numbers and text. He had been watching her pitiful act for so long. She pursed her lips, realizing that all her pretense was futile in front of him; she couldn't hide her sadness.
Max was uncertain about her thoughts and felt the need to guess. "I was thinking, it can't be a TV show that's got you upset. If it really is that, I could ask Kenzo to write a script just for you. and get some A-list stars to shoot it just for your viewing pleasure. How's that?"
He was trying to cheer her up, though his way of consoling was so dominantly CEO-like, and had many points of criticism.
Brielle couldn't help but find it amusing. The tears that had threatened to spill were now being pushed back.
Kenzo's scripts were worth millions, and top directors couldn't even secure a meeting with him. Yet here, Max was willing to use one to placate a woman. If Kenzo knew, even someone as mild-mannered as him might swear.
11:50
However, Brielle was well aware that if she nodded, Max would be on the phone web Zenzo right this moment.
If she had been upset about something else and didn't want to see Hay, she would be bes won over by now. But it was because of that child. The thought alone made every teaches, and even his tender breath felt like knives tormenting her skin.
How could two people be so physically close, yet their souls drifted further and further sou
Max noticed that Brielle remained silent, so he tilted his head and kissed her hul monog com to her earlobe. He forcefully turned her face towards him, kissing her nose, and finally her lips, the spot he loved the most.
Brielle's heart raced in this quiet, forbidden moment, where every hint of intravas magnified a hundredfold, a thousandfold. If it didn't stop, her heart might just couch from the overload.
d
But Max clearly had no intention of stopping. When she tried to escape, he turned her car to face him directly, trapping her between the desk and his embrace,
"Tell me, why are you ignoring me?"
Max had never been so disregarded in all his years at the top. His heart had felt tingled these past few days.
Brielle opened her mouth, wanting to say it wasn't because of him, but what if he persisted in probing?
"Brielle, are you- Max hesitated, looking at her intently for a long while without completing his thought.
Brielle's heart was in her throat, fearing he might have discovered something.
But what Max said next was... "Do you like someone else?" There was hesitation and uncertainty in his voice.
"No, that's impossible!"
Brielle denied it twice in quick succession. No one compared to Max. But she also realized the better and kinder Max was, the more her heart ached, the more regret she felt. Max exhaled with relief. Everything else seemed bearable as long as it wasnt about that
there in the evening and
"In three days, Kenzo's organizing an outdoor barbecue. We can stay there in watch the stars. If you're feeling down, should I take you?"
Lately, Brielle really didn't want to be alone at Pearl Estate. Getting out for a change of scenery seemed good.
"Yeah."
Receiving her agreement, Max leaned in and kissed her lips, then straightened up. "I'm going to check on my mother tonight. Should I drop you off first?"
2/3
Chat
He hadn't noticed that at the mention of his mother, Brielle tensed all over. That sense of panle at not seeing a future enveloped her again. She bit her lip, slowly widening the gap between them.
"I'd like to go back on my own."
"Brielle."
"I said, I want to go back on my own."
###Chapter 453
Chapter 453
It wasn't exactly fair to take it out on Max, but maintaining composure around him was like trying to hold onto water-it just slipped through your fingers.
"Max, pick me up in three days, okay?" she murmured, the heaviness in her heart making it difficult to keep her voice steady.
Max just stared at her, a silent sentinel, not quite grasping where things had gone awry.
Brielle's lashes fluttered downward in a vallant effort to dam the emotions threatening to spill over. She let out a sigh, rose on her tiptoes, and cradled his face in her hands, sealing their lips together in a tender kiss.
Max's resolve melted like butter on a hot skillet. His arms encircled her waist, pulling her so close it felt as though they were trying to merge into one person. Their kiss deepened into at sweet, inescapable addiction.
Eventually, amidst the heat of their embrace, Max swept aside the clutter of papers on his desk. and in a smooth gesture, Brielle found herself perched atop the cool wooden surface.
Her legs twined around his waist, and the temperature In the room seemed to soar with their closeness. But she had to pull away. The wounds she bore were still healing, and any further exertion risked reopening them. Besides, If Max's hands wandered to those areas, he'd discover the scars that marred her skin.
So she gently grasped his wandering hand, stilling it. "Don't you have a visit to the sanatorium?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
Indeed, Max was due to visit the sanatorium, and her teasing had flustered him more than he cared to admit. His lips pressed into a thin line, and he released her after a moment's hesitation. "Brielle, are you doing this on purpose?" he asked, a note of Irritation creeping into
his tone.
"Great." she thought, "he's even angrier now."
Brielle frowned, took a few seconds to consider, then offered, "Maybe another kiss would help?" Max took a deep breath and remained standing, motionless, as they locked eyes in a silent. standoff that lasted minutes. Finally, without a word, he turned and walked out the door.
The room fell quiet, and Brielle sat alone on the desk, gazing out at the city's twinkling lights through the window. The room's earlier charged atmosphere had dissipated, but his scent still clung to her, warm against her cool skin.
She lifted a hand, touching the spot where she'd had an appendectomy. The bandage was still wrapped snugly around her abdomen..
It wasn't that she was being overly sensitive. In the days following her surgery, she had worked hard to build up her mental fortitude. At first, the mere thought of Max had her weeping silently
11:50
Chapter 45.3.
in her bed, but now she could face him, even though her rational mind sometimes took leave.
As long as she didn't cry, she would be fine.
Her current situation felt like she was a greedy treasure hunter who, in the midst of digging. uncovered a skeleton. Even after hastily burying the bones and planting trees and flowers over the spot, she knew all too well what lay beneath. Whenever she saw the flowers or the trees. the buried skeleton was what came to mind.
Similarly, whenever she saw Max's face or experienced his gentleness, all she could think of was the child. She was trapped in a cruel stasis.
After composing herself, Brielle slid off the desk. She bent down to pick up the scattered documents before grabbing her purse and preparing to leave. However, as she stepped out of the office, she noticed a stranger peering around hesitantly, seemingly searching for someone. "Can I help you find someone?" she asked, sizing him up. She hadn't seen him on this floor before: he likely didn't work there.
Upon seeing her, the man quickly masked his initial tension and explained his presence. "Hi, I'm Adrian. I'm looking for my girlfriend, Sydney. She's been working late a lot these past few days and mentioned she'd be pulling an all-nighter at the office. I was worried, so I thought I'd come to check on her."
In Adrian's hand was a thermos, no doubt filled with homemade soup-a thoughtful gesture.
No one in the department was working late tonight. Brielle was the last to leave, which was why Max had come into her office.
"No one's working late in the department today."
"That can't be right. I spoke to her on the phone an hour ago, and she said she was still at the
office."
"Why don't you try calling her again?"
Brielle hadn't given Sydney's potential infidelity a second thought. After all, Sydney always came across as bubbly and straightforward, seemingly without a hint of guile.
Adrian fished out his phone and dialed Sydney's number once more.
Brielle was locking the door when she heard Adrian put the call on speaker. At that moment, Sydney, flushed and pinned beneath Spencer, was exasperated by yet another call from Adrian. Didn't he have anything better to do?
Spencer, who had been irked by Brielle earlier, was venting his frustrations on Sydney. Adrian's previous call wasn't answered, but now, Spencer urged her to pick it up.
Sydney, intending to disconnect the call, hesitated when she heard his command and reluctantly pressed the answer button.
Spencer was indulging in the thrill of betrayal, and their excitement was heightened by the
11:50
situation.
Standing next to Brielle, Adrian heard the call connect and immediately asked with tenderness In his voice, "Sydney, are you still working?"
Sydney, also on speaker, stifled her responses with her hand, careful not to reveal any compromising noises.
"Sydney?"
She couldn't help but smirk at her own cunning. "Yes, uh, still working."
Adrian glanced up at Brielle, confusion etched on his face.
Hearing Sydney's voice strained with suppressed excitement and seeing the deserted department, Brielle would have been foolish not to figure out what Sydney was up to.
However, Adrian was blissfully unaware. "But I'm at your company right now and can't find you. Sydney, did you go somewhere else?"
Spencer found the man's pitiful tone amusing and pitied his ignorance. Indeed, Sydney was somewhere else, but beneath Spencer, not where Adrian imagined.
Sydney reveled in the situation but perked up as Adrian's voice came through again. "I even bumped into your colleague. She said no one's working late in the department tonight." "She's... she's just talking nonsense, uh, we have two departments," Sydney managed to say between breaths.
Had Brielle not heard it with her own ears, she would never have believed Sydney capable of such deceit.
###Chapter 454
Chapter 454
While juggling the honest affections of one man, she reveled under the touch of another, all the while spouting lies.
Any fondness Brielle had for Sydney vanished in an instant. How could someone so devoid of moral fiber be anything but complex?
The irony wasn't lost on Brielle; she had misjudged Sydney.
But Adrian, ever trusting of Sydney, reminded her. "You keep at your overtime. It's almost midnight, and my birthday's ending. Just wish me a happy one, will you?"
Sydney was lost in the moment, and cut the call short. Her patience had worn thin as her arms found their way around Spencer's neck.
On the other end, Adrian felt a sting of rejection but then remembered he wasn't alone-Sydney's workmate was there-and a blush crept up his cheeks. "Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to intrude." Adrian was honest, sensible, and easy on the eyes.
Brielle pursed her lips, not revealing she was Sydney's boss, nor did she expose the lie. Instead, she offered, "Wanna head down together?"
Adrian was relieved to be acknowledged, and beamed with gratitude. "Sure, thanks."
As they shared the elevator ride, Brielle couldn't shake her doubts and had to ask. "Have you and Sydney been a thing for long?"
The mention of Sydney brought out his smile. "Yeah, we grew up near each other. She'd always come over to play, claiming she'd marry me. My folks adored her and funded her education, so we've been classmates since grade school. It's been nearly twenty years now."
His tone softened when he spoke of her.
Brielle glanced at his modest attire, much like her own. Yet Sydney's purse alone cost a fortune.
"So why haven't you two tied the knot?"
A shadow of sorrow crossed Adrian's face. "I'm saving for a house. My salary isn't much. It'll take a few more years to afford the down payment."
"Why not ask Sydney to cut back? Her bags don't look cheap."
"No way, I told her from the start-I can't skimp on her. I meet her every need, and she's sensible. We'll marry soon."
Brielle felt a pang of sadness, maybe anger, thinking of the ten years she spent being deceived by Spencer. Yet here was a man still in the dark, heart brimming with sincerity.
11-50
Chapter 454
She couldn't bear bursting his bubble and simply wished him well as they reached the lobby. "Take care, and happy birthday."
Adrian stiffened; she was the first to wish him well that day. "Thank you."
Brielle sighed, watching his retreating figure.
Meanwhile, Max had arrived at the sanatorium, post-chat with the doctor, standing aside, lost in thought.
When footsteps approached, he didn't turn until Alivia's voice reached him. "Max, still here at
this hour?"
She had just left Martha's room with a tray in hand, the epitome of care.
Max nodded, noting her weariness. "Alivia, let others handle this."
She handed off the tray to a passing servant, wiping her hands with sanitizer before approaching Max, aware of his need for cleanliness.
"I could, but I'm back in the country anyway. The research center's site has just been finalized, and there's debate abroad about who to send. I'm free for now, so I visit Aunt Martha often." Max wasn't keen on small talk.
Alivia, sensing his cool demeanor, probed, "Ms. Brielle didn't come with you?"
At Brielle's mention, Max's expression turned colder.
Alivia, pleased, sensed discord. With Brielle blaming Martha for her supposed loss, facing Max upon awakening would be anything but calm. Their strife was her opportunity.
"Max, you've always struggled with women. Is there a problem? If you see me as a friend, you can confide in me. Aside from Ms. Brielle, I'm the only woman you've been close to."
Her sincerity was disarming.
Aunt Martha is concerned too, hoping we'd marry. Now that you've found someone, I won't pressure you. But cherish what you have. Ms. Brielle seems like a good woman. Otherwise, I'll regret letting you go." She deftly wove a hint of intimacy, suggesting life with her wouldn't be as troubling.
###Chapter 455
Chapter 455
"I just don't know what she's thinking sometimes." Max spoke with a casual detachment. "Brielle tends to keep a lot bottled up.”
A slight smile tugged at Alivia's lips as she heard this. Alivia knew that even if it were someone else in Brielle's shoes, they wouldn't spill the beans to this man either.
From Brielle's perspective, the child was gone, and that was a fact no one could change. If Max found out, he wouldn't just clash with Martha, but maybe Michael would get involved too, and before you know it, the whole Dorsey clan would be up in arms. And as the heir to the Dorsey estate. Max would undoubtedly bear the brunt of the chaos.
The more Brielle cared for Max, the tighter she would hold onto this secret. But the more she kept it to herself, the more she suffered alone. Sooner or later, her emotions were bound to collapse.
Moreover, Alivia had made up her mind. Tormenting Brielle was just the beginning. She would slowly make Brielle realize the consequences of taking what belonged to someone else.
"Aunt Martha mentioned Ms. Brielle today. It seems like she's caught on to your relationship." Alivia added.
Max glanced at her, his gaze unintentional yet probing..
Alivia rushed to clarify. "I never mentioned anything to Aunt Martha, but you know how perceptive she can be when she's lucid."
Max was initially suspicious of Alivia, but over the years, she'd always maintained a respectful distance, never too close for comfort, so there was no reason for her to stir trouble. "I know," he acknowledged. Alivia breathed a sigh of relief, a trace of resignation appearing on her face on cue.
"We've known each other for years, Max. You should know the kind of person I am. If I really wanted to force you into marriage, playing the damsel in distress would be the most direct approach."
Indeed, if Alivia were determined to marry Max, that tactic would certainly pressure both sets of parents to lean on Max. But that would mean losing his heart forever. What good was a title without love? She had always been clear about her goal: she wanted Max's heart.
"Max, if you're feeling down, my brother organized a barbecue. Not sure if you got the invite, but are you going?"
She probed about the barbecue guest list. Kenzo had asked if she wanted to attend, but being tight-lipped as ever, he didn't reveal the guest list. Alivia had found out that some of the people she knew weren't invited.
Max was surely on the list, but it was uncertain whether he'd attend. If he brought Brielle along. it would be quite the spectacle, with Brielle becoming an awkward presence there.
11:50
Chapter 455
"I'm going, and I'm taking Brielle for a breath of fresh air."
With the answer in hand, Alivia's lips curled slightly, pretending to glance at the time. "It's getting late, and even if there's a misunderstanding between you two, it's best to clear the air soon. Let's head out together."
Max nodded, but his mind was elsewhere. As they reached the nursing home's entrance, Alivia bid him farewell and hopped into her car first.
Max stood in the chill of the night air for a moment, the cold breeze sharpening his senses. Just as he was about to head to his own vehicle, Alivia emerged from hers. "Max, can you give me a lift? I'm out of gas, and I can't even make it to the nearest station."
She had put it so plainly. Given that she was here to see Martha and that they had known each other for years, Max couldn't just leave her to hail a cab.
"Sure."
Alivia finally got her wish to ride in Max's car.
The moment she saw Max at the nursing home, she had someone discreetly drain her car's fuel. Max might've not been fond of her, but he wouldn't let a friend take a cab home.
Settling into the car, Alivia's lips curved up again. Following his gaze, she could only see his stern profile.
Around them, journalists who had been lying in wait snapped photos of them leaving the nursing home together and getting into the car. They quickly posted them online.
Alivia's return to the country had already drawn attention, especially within the circles of the elite. Almost everyone was tracking her movements.
Though a union between the Barnes and Dorsey families was seemingly destined, Max himself had never publicly acknowledged it. The media had always speculated, eager to know the truth. Fortunately for them, someone tipped off the reporters about their whereabouts that night, and they got their big scoop.
The moment the photos hit the internet, they were blasted by suggesting the two were having a late-night rendezvous.
overy major news outlet.
One particularly well-angled shot made it seem as though they were kissing under the cover of night, even though they were still a distance apart. The photo captured an intimate moment that wasn't, sparking a frenzy of speculation and gossip.
###Chapter 456
Chapter 456
"Is this what it looks like when a handsome guy and a beautiful girl kiss? My heart flutters just watching it!"
"Mr. Dorsey is so sweet to her. He has such tender eyes."
"Alivia loves Mr. Dorsey too, you know. She waited for him for years. And their kiss is so innocent and pure. It's like something out of a fairy tale."
The internet was buzzing with chatter, but Max was blissfully unaware of the storm brewing
online.
He never paid attention to the gossip on social media, and no one bothered to fill him in.
As they pulled up to the Barnes' estate, his car came to a stop, and Max's brow furrowed at the sight of the crowd gathered outside. What in the world?
Alivia, seated beside him, feigned surprise while mentally patting herself on the back. She had tipped off the press, deliberately leaked that misleading photo, and hinted to her servants that Max would soon be arriving at the Barnes' doorstep.
And so, the Barnes family elders had come out to greet them, grinning from ear to ear, clearly amused by the situation.
With the elders present, Max, as the junior, was expected to get out and exchange pleasantries according to tradition.
It was then that Alivia spoke up. "Max, if you're tired, there's no need to get out. I'll explain to them. Otherwise, Grandpa will rope you into a game of chess, and we'll never get away."
Alivia had lured the Barnes family out for this very moment-to show Max just how much she cared for him and how well she understood the big picture.
Indeed, Max felt a momentary relief at her words, rubbing his temples as he muttered ant acknowledgment.
Stepping out of the car, Alivia approached her family. She could have easily explained that it was Max's assistant, not Max himself, who had accompanied her home. But she chose not to.
“Grandpa, Dad, let's head inside. Max is so tired he's about to fall asleep. I didn't want to make him come out and greet everyone."
The family members exchanged knowing looks and chuckled. "You're not even married to him yet, and already you're taking his side?"
"He's my future husband. If I don't stand by him, who will?"
Alivia had always been the darling of the Barnes family, their little princess.
11:50
Chapter 456
Hearing her words, the Barnes clan seemed even more delighted. "Yes, Alivia's all grown up now. We can't hold onto her much longer. Only Max can keep you in line."
The corners of Alivia's mouth turned up in a smile, signaling to the Barnes family that things between her and Max were going well. If Max ever announced his relationship with Brielle. these people would see Brielle as the homewrecker.
A detestable homewrecker-why would they ever look up to her?
Alivia felt as if she held all the cards.
Moreover, she wielded her kindness toward Martha as both a weapon and a shield. Max couldn't be cold to her, not with that in play. That was where Alivia's cleverness lay.
During this period of strife between Max and Brielle, all Alivia had to do was capture his heart and ensure Brielle's complete exit from the picture.
To make a man fall, a woman had two avenues: one is through the body, the other through the heart. While the physical approach might've yielded quick results, it rarely ended well. Men were rational creatures. Even if they succumbed to their passions in the heat of the moment, they eventually cooled down.
Max and Brielle's relationship was seen as such-a temporary passion that most believed would fade once Max grew bored.
Alivia considered herself above such tactics, and chose the path of the heart. She would never stoop to replicate Brielle's methods, which she deemed beneath her. Thus, she constantly showcased her virtues.
with She wasn't worried about wasting time or effort. The moment Max felt tired or weary Brielle, he would suddenly appreciate Alivia's virtues. This slow-boiling approach could lead Max to believe she was the one who truly understood him, the one most suited for him.
And everything with Brielle? It was merely a fleeting infatuation.
That was Alivia's mantra; she never considered Brielle a real threat. A woman of such standing wasn't worth her concern.
###Chapter 457
Chapter 457
Brielle had returned to her elegant abode at Pearl Estate, and her thoughts were tangled with the secret she had accidentally unearthed earlier that evening. A crease of concern formed between her brows. She reached for her phone, her fingers swiftly dialing Patrick's number. "Patrick, can you do me a solid and send over the security footage from the Dorsey International elevator? Not the private one, just the one from today."
Had it not been for the unexpected encounter that night, she wouldn't have found herself requesting surveillance footage.
It was Sydney's glance at Spencer that had set off alarms in Brielle's mind. At first, she thought it was fear, a kind of wariness, but now, replaying the lies Sydney had spun to her own boyfriend, Brielle knew better. Those lies were delivered with the ease of practice. It was clearly not for the first time.
Making such a call to her supposed boyfriend while tangled in deceit was both cruel and shameless. While waiting for Patrick to send the footage, her phone buzzed with an incoming call from Aubree. "Bri, have you seen the buzz online? You weren't with Max? That jerk was caught locking lips with Alivia!"
The news hit Brielle like a cold splash of disbelief. Max wasn't that kind of guy.
Still, she instinctively scrolled through the latest news feeds, and there it was-the top story was Max and Alivia.
The image was like a bright flash that left her eyes stinging with pain.
Max wasn't that kind of guy. He had introduced her to Alivia with such openness, which meant there was nothing untoward between them. But as a woman, Brielle knew Alivia's tricks all too well. The ive was clear-to chip away at her, piece by piece, just like the lipstick stain on Max's collar from before.
Brielle could shrug off such incidents, confident in the strength of their relationship. But what if it happened time and time again?
She wasn't heartless, not a machine devoid of emotion. Each incident was a prick to her heart. and over time, all that would remain was disappointment. Besides, she had lost a child, and the pain from seeing such a photograph was like a needle digging in deep.
Though neither of them had done anything wrong, that was the most disheartening part of it all. Once Brielle felt too weary to go on, that would signal the end of this silent war.
"Bri?"
"Bri?"
Aubree called out twice, but there was no reply.
1/3
11:51
Chapter 457
Aubree was concerned and nearly ready to rush over to Pearl Estate when Brielle finally said with firm denial "It's fake."
Somehow, those two simple words carried a weight of helplessness that even Aubree could feel, making her own heart clench. Il Brielle and Max weren't right for each other, it was better to cut ties now before things got messier.
"But he also took Alivia back to the Barnes residence. At this hour, he's dropping off a woman who's got a thing for him... I'm not buying the innocent act," Aubree said, her voice tinged with a cruel edge. Brielle didn't respond. The pain was throbbing more intensely as if salt was being rubbed into her wounds. She let out a weary sigh, and after a long pause, her voice was hoarse as she said, "Aubree, I just want to sleep."
Aubree could tell Brielle was dodging the issue, and it sparked annoyance within her. "It's just Max, for God's sake. We don't need him. How about you come out, and tonight, I'll help you find someone way better?"
Brielle, not wanting to be alone with her thoughts, considered the offer for a moment before replying, "Come pick me up in a bit."
A cheer erupted on the other end of the line as Aubree hurried to get ready.
Meanwhile, Patrick had sent the elevator surveillance footage. In the video, Sydney was the first to step into the elevator, followed closely by Spencer crowding in after her.
"Did Uncle Max ask you about Brielle? What did you tell him?"
"Brielle! Brielle! That's all anyone ever talks about! Am I invisible to you all?!"
"Why do you think you can even compare to her? Don't you have a clue?"
The footage was crystal clear, every word cutting through the silence.
Brielle's gut instinct was right. There was something off about those two, most likely more than just a passing fling. Perhaps Sydney's companion that night had been Spencer.
Every time Brielle thought Spencer couldn't sink any lower, he managed to outdo himself.
Her expression twisted with disgust, and she was about to slam her laptop shut when a new email notification caught her eye.
She had blocked Spencer, but there he was, invading her inbox. [Brielle, I told you, you and Uncle Max aren't a match. He was just toying with you. You've seen the news, right? He and Alivia kissing... I bet they've done more than that.]
The message left Brielle feeling irate, and without a second thought, she relegated the email to the spam folder.
Twenty minutes later, her doorbell chimed. Expecting Aubree, she casually opened the door in her thin nightgown. To her surprise, it wasn't Aubree at the door but a slightly inebriated
11-51
Spencer, his gaze brazenly sweeping over her.
As Brielle moved to close the door, Spencer seized the moment, pushing his way in and deadbolting the door behind him.
Brielle's alarm spiked instantly. "Spencer, what the hell do you think you're doing?"
###Chapter 458
Chapter 458
Spencer's mouth twitched into a smirk. He hadn't taken advantage of Brielle when she was undergoing surgery for appendicitis, mainly because she was unconscious then, like a lifeless body, and that just didn't excite him.
But now, Brielle was awake, and she was also having problems with Max. It was a time when she was most vulnerable, physically and emotionally.
Spencer had fucked Sydney, but it still didn't feel enough, like scratching an itch through a boot. When Sydney's boyfriend mentioned running into a coworker in the department, Spencer instantly thought of Brielle. The idea of her hearing him in the throes of passion with another woman heightened his desires.
Then, he saw the news and got a phone call that further emboldened him.
Would Max still want her if Spencer could get something going with Brielle tonight and spread the photos everywhere? Would he want a woman who cheated on her fiancé?
His lips twisted into a smirk as he contemplated the feasibility of his plan.
Spencer yanked off his tie, and his gaze fell on Brielle, predatory and intense. Brielle felt the pain of her wound, and the weakness from days of being on a glucose drip left her with no strength.
Without hesitation, Spencer pounced. "Brielle, you've been with so many guys. What's one more? Stop struggling. I'm going to make you feel good."
Brielle hurled her phone at him. The phone struck Spencer's forehead, raising a welt instantly. but this pain was nothing compared to the reaction elsewhere in his body.
Usually, Brielle could have easily taken Spencer down with her clever moves, but weakened as she was, she could only retreat and look for an opening.
Spencer, looking smug with triumph, had already ravaged Brielle with his eyes. As he lunged for the second time, he pinned Brielle beneath him and started to tear open her shirt buttons.
"So beautiful."
Her neck was as graceful as a swan's.
Spencer felt a heat surge through him. His eyes reddened with desire. He leaned down, ready to bite down viciously. But before he could touch her, a sharp pain exploded in the back of his head, and his face went pale.
Brielle, clutching a lamp, retreated. Seeing the blood on the lamp, she panicked.
Spencer touched the back of his head and found blood, and his lips thinned with determination as he continued his assault. He would rather die on top of her than give up.
His lips approached, and just as he was about to bite into her flesh, Brielle struck a second
11:51
Chapter 458
blow.
Spencer felt dizzy, collapsing on top of her, drained of strength.
The pain in his head threatened to crush him, and he even contemplated using his last ounce of strength to strangle Brielle-to die together.
Silence hung between them. Ten years of warmth and beauty were now sharp as knives raining from the sky.
Brielle's fingers trembled. Her wound felt like it was tearing open.
Spencer mustered his last bit of energy, rolling off her, gasping for air. "Brielle, you're ruthless."
He wouldn't expect her to call for help. She stared blankly at the ceiling, her shirt half unbuttoned, exposing her pale neck.
Somehow, that image of brokenness pierced Spencer's heart. Regret washed over him, and he tentatively reached out to grasp her hand. "Brielle?"
She didn't respond. Her eyes were open but seemingly senseless. Panic set in for Spencer, "Brielle, you-
Before he could finish, Brielle blinked slowly, gripped the lamp, and swung it at him again.
Spencer vomited blood from the blow. Brielle was intent on killing him.
"Fine, let him die," she thought, "not a tear shall be shed for him." Brielle's mind was blank. Her body's instinct to protect itself told her she couldn't stop, or she would fail to protect herself as she had failed to protect that child.
The phone rang frantically, and someone was pounding on the door. Faith's voice was shrill, "Spencer! What the hell are you doing in there? Are you okay?!"
"Crash!"
The door burst open under the security's force, and Faith screamed at the scene before her, striding over to push Brielle aside. "Are you insane, Brielle? Have you lost your mind?"
With a wooden expression, Brielle seemed to snap back to reality, looking down at Spencer, who was already unconscious.
Her grip on the lamp loosened, and her lips trembled.
Faith tested for Spencer's breath with a finger under his nose; he was still breathing, and only then did she break down in tears.
ON 450
###Chapter 459
Chapter 459
"Brielle, I swear on the Dorsey family name, I'll sue you to the grave!"
The bodyguard had Brielle cornered, and within ten minutes, a stretcher was wheeled onto the
Hoor.
All the while, Brielle just watched silently until a stinging slap snapped her head to the side. "You bitch! You better pray Spencer is fine, or I'll make your life a living hell!"
Her cheek turned with the blow, and she even stuck out her tongue, tasting the metallic tang of blood at the corner of her mouth. It was blood. She had knocked Spencer out cold, and there was a lot of it.
She couldn't fathom why she had done it. It was as if all the hatred from losing a child and the helplessness with her situation had exploded in that instant. It turned out she had always been teetering on the edge of a breakdown, and Spencer's intrusion had just pushed her over..
Blinking back weakness, she didn't argue this time.
Faith glared at her with disgust. Had Spencer not been avoiding her calls and refusing to come home recently, she wouldn't have had to track down his whereabouts and rush over. If she hadn't, Spencer might well have been dead.
Brielle was capable of such malice. Such cruelty!
When Aubree arrived, she was greeted by the sight of Brielle being escorted into a police cruiser. She was shocked, even thinking she had seen wrong.
By then, Faith had followed the ambulance away, leaving only Brielle in the custody of the police. Aubree hurried over, grabbing Brielle's wrist. "Officer, what's going on here? Is there some mistake?" Was the same person she had just made plans to hang out with now being put into a police car?
"Please step back, ma'am. Don't interfere with police business."
Aubree's face went pale, and she reached to dial Max's number. But Brielle seemed to come. back to life in that moment, speaking wearily, "Aubree, don't tell him."
Aubree froze, then tightened her grip on her phone. "What's going on, Bri? You have to give me some reason. You're scaring me, you know? You look like you've lost weight, and now you're being taken to the station, and-"
"My baby, my baby is gone..."
Her voice was hoarse as if she was on the verge of tears. But she didn't cry, perhaps having spent all her tears in those four days.
Aubree stopped dead, thinking she must have misheard.
11:51
Chapter 459
What baby? When did Brielle have a baby?
"Max's baby. His mother... I don't even know if it was a boy or a girl. Aubree, it hurts so much here." She pointed to her abdomen and then to her heart, her words sounding disjointed.
It seemed Brielle had never really gotten over the loss of her child. Four days and nights of crying had not brought her peace. The better Max treated her, the quiltier she felt. The gentler he was, the more panicked she became.
Spencer's assault and the humiliation were all just a trigger for her to explode. She wasn't retaliating against Spencer, but against herself, as if to destroy her own being.
Aubree was speechless, holding onto her hand. "Just calm down, Bri. Let's just take a moment to calm down and talk this through.
While urging Brielle to stay calm, Aubree was in a panic, and her lips began to quiver. What could she do now?
The police didn't give them another moment, pushing Brielle into the car.
Aubree held onto Brielle's hand, attempting to follow, but was stopped. Through the car window, Brielle seemed to regain a shred of sanity. "Aubree, don't tell Max." Aubree stood outside, the chill of the night air biting at her. How did it come to this?
She was so agitated, just about to call Andrew when his call came through first. "Aubree, you'll need to go home on your own tonight. I won't be back. There's trouble with Max." Aubree's mind whirled, struggling to process everything. "What happened to Max?"
Andrew sounded irritable, taking a deep drag on his cigarette. "It's the Dorsey family drama. He got Ryan's kid out of there, and for some reason, Ryan lost it and rammed Max with his car right outside the Dorsey residence. Now he's unconscious."
How could Max be so easily hit? What was he thinking?
"Is he alright? Is it serious?"
"Don't know, just a temporary blackout. Michael is furious, and Kenzo and I have to head to the hospital to check on Max once he wakes up."
As Andrew spoke, he wished he could just have someone take out Ryan. How could he cause such a scene at the Dorsey doorstep? What could have provoked him?
Andrew rubbed his temples, realizing that even he wouldn't have expected Ryan to snap like that.
They said Max had already gotten out of the car, intending to go in and find Michael, when Ryan charged out of a corner and plowed into him. If Max hadn't been quick on his feet, they might've been arranging his funeral by now.
Cursing under his breath, Andrew hurried to the hospital.
###Chapter 460
Chapter 460
In the hospital at this ungodly hour, the corridors were packed with people.
Michael's hands gripped his cane, and he sat brooding in a corner. His expression was dark and stormy.
No one dared to utter a word, not even the usually boisterous Tiffanie, who was now curled up in a corner, wishing she could vanish into thin air.
The Dorsey family would be in chaos with Max's accident. It was the calm before the storm. Everyone was on edge, waiting for news of Max from the emergency room.
Michael closed his eyes tightly and asked in a cold voice. "Where's that disgrace?"
He was talking about Ryan. No one could have predicted that tonight, Ryan would go off the rails. When Michael had asked Max to handle the situation with Ryan's child, Ryan hadn't raised any ions, had he? In just a few days, for the sake of his youngest son, Ryan had rammed into Max with his car right at the gates of the Dorsey estate.
With that single act, he'd thrown away everything he had within the Dorsey family.
William sat off to the side, a hint of glee in his eyes. With Max injured and hospitalized, and Ryan about to be exiled, plus the third son absent and not returning soon, he was the only one left in the Dorsey family..
Even if Michael were disappointed in William for the moment, all attention would have to be focused on him.
William couldn't let Max leave the hospital unscathed. This was his best opportunity.
"Pop, Ryan's locked up in the Dorsey estate. What do you want to do with him?"
"How should I deal with him?" Michael roared and slammed his cane down hard. "I wish that bastard would drop dead this instant! What has he done for the Dorsey family over these years. besides loafing around? He's not content with fathering an illegitimate child and has now injured his own brother over that same kid!"
Michael's chest heaved, and a shadow crossed his face. "Hand him over to the police. For intentional assault, let the law decide his fate."
A smile flickered in William's eyes. Michael was making a statement for Max - choosing justice over family and not even giving Ryan a chance at exile. It seemed Michael was truly done with Ryan as a pawn. "Alright, Pop, you just cool down. I'll have someone take care of it right away."
Michael sneered, "Don't think I don't know what you're plotting. Even if Max were to become crazy after this, this position is still his, and no one else in the Dorsey family should even dream of it!" Chapter 458
Michael had decided when Max was ten that he would be the heir to the Dorsey family. His youngest son had fought his way through Wall Street at sixteen and had never once disappointed him. Michael's high regard for this son was matched only by his disappointment in the others. Max's journey was supposed to take the world at large and not just cling to Dorsey International. It was the first time Michael had openly shown his preference for Max, sending a clear warning to William.
A flicker of hatred passed through William's eyes, his mouth tasting bitter.
Even if Max went mad, he was still to be the heir. Fine, In that case, William would make sure Max never left the hospital alive. Then, no one could challenge hirm for the throne. "Dad, you've got me wrong. I never thought about that. Max is in trouble, and I'm more worried than anyone."
Too tired to argue, Michael closed his eyes and held his cane tightly.
The emergency room light was still on, and no one knew what condition Max was in.
In the oppressive silence, Faith's crying broke the stillness. She ran over like a madwoman, dropping to her knees before Michael.
"Dad, Ryan just lost his head for a moment. Please don't send him to jail. Dad, I'm begging you. Spencer is also in trouble. I can't lose my son and my husband. Dad, please."
Faith was completely distraught. When she followed the ambulance to the hospital, she had heard about Ryan's actions and felt like the world was collapsing. Then she got a text from Victoria saying Michael was sending Ryan to the police. She had rushed over as fast as she could.
"I know Ryan did wrong by Max, and he shouldn't have done it. But Max is in surgery, and so is Spencer, Dad, on account of my years with the Dorsey family, I've never put a foot wrong. Please spare Ryan this time. We'll leave for another place, and never to return to Beaconsfield. Please, Dad,"
As she spoke, Faith banged her head on the floor, and blood-streaked her forehead.
Michael felt weary but caught the key information. "What happened to Spencer?"
Tears fell from Faith's eyes as she sobbed. "Brielle, she's gone mad. She tried to kill Spencer. He's lost so much blood, oh..."
###Chapter 461
Chapter 460
In the hospital at this ungodly hour, the corridors were packed with people.
Michael's hands gripped his cane, and he sat brooding in a corner. His expression was dark and stormy.
No one dared to utter a word, not even the usually boisterous Tiffanie, who was now curled up in a corner, wishing she could vanish into thin air.
The Dorsey family would be in chaos with Max's accident. It was the calm before the storm. Everyone was on edge, waiting for news of Max from the emergency room.
Michael closed his eyes tightly and asked in a cold voice. "Where's that disgrace?"
He was talking about Ryan. No one could have predicted that tonight, Ryan would go off the rails. When Michael had asked Max to handle the situation with Ryan's child, Ryan hadn't raised any ions, had he? In just a few days, for the sake of his youngest son, Ryan had rammed into Max with his car right at the gates of the Dorsey estate.
With that single act, he'd thrown away everything he had within the Dorsey family.
William sat off to the side, a hint of glee in his eyes. With Max injured and hospitalized, and Ryan about to be exiled, plus the third son absent and not returning soon, he was the only one left in the Dorsey family..
Even if Michael were disappointed in William for the moment, all attention would have to be focused on him.
William couldn't let Max leave the hospital unscathed. This was his best opportunity.
"Pop, Ryan's locked up in the Dorsey estate. What do you want to do with him?"
"How should I deal with him?" Michael roared and slammed his cane down hard. "I wish that bastard would drop dead this instant! What has he done for the Dorsey family over these years. besides loafing around? He's not content with fathering an illegitimate child and has now injured his own brother over that same kid!"
Michael's chest heaved, and a shadow crossed his face. "Hand him over to the police. For intentional assault, let the law decide his fate."
A smile flickered in William's eyes. Michael was making a statement for Max - choosing justice over family and not even giving Ryan a chance at exile. It seemed Michael was truly done with Ryan as a pawn. "Alright, Pop, you just cool down. I'll have someone take care of it right away."
Michael sneered, "Don't think I don't know what you're plotting. Even if Max were to become crazy after this, this position is still his, and no one else in the Dorsey family should even dream of it!" Chapter 458
Michael had decided when Max was ten that he would be the heir to the Dorsey family. His youngest son had fought his way through Wall Street at sixteen and had never once disappointed him. Michael's high regard for this son was matched only by his disappointment in the others. Max's journey was supposed to take the world at large and not just cling to Dorsey International. It was the first time Michael had openly shown his preference for Max, sending a clear warning to William.
A flicker of hatred passed through William's eyes, his mouth tasting bitter.
Even if Max went mad, he was still to be the heir. Fine, In that case, William would make sure Max never left the hospital alive. Then, no one could challenge hirm for the throne. "Dad, you've got me wrong. I never thought about that. Max is in trouble, and I'm more worried than anyone."
Too tired to argue, Michael closed his eyes and held his cane tightly.
The emergency room light was still on, and no one knew what condition Max was in.
In the oppressive silence, Faith's crying broke the stillness. She ran over like a madwoman, dropping to her knees before Michael.
"Dad, Ryan just lost his head for a moment. Please don't send him to jail. Dad, I'm begging you. Spencer is also in trouble. I can't lose my son and my husband. Dad, please."
Faith was completely distraught. When she followed the ambulance to the hospital, she had heard about Ryan's actions and felt like the world was collapsing. Then she got a text from Victoria saying Michael was sending Ryan to the police. She had rushed over as fast as she could.
"I know Ryan did wrong by Max, and he shouldn't have done it. But Max is in surgery, and so is Spencer, Dad, on account of my years with the Dorsey family, I've never put a foot wrong. Please spare Ryan this time. We'll leave for another place, and never to return to Beaconsfield. Please, Dad,"
As she spoke, Faith banged her head on the floor, and blood-streaked her forehead.
Michael felt weary but caught the key information. "What happened to Spencer?"
Tears fell from Faith's eyes as she sobbed. "Brielle, she's gone mad. She tried to kill Spencer. He's lost so much blood, oh..."
###Chapter 462
Chapter 462
With Max's ordeal behind them and having dealt with Ryan's mess, it seemed only natural that Brielle would be the next thorn to remove from the Dorsey family's side. This woman had caused nothing but pain for them.
A sly grin flickered across William's eyes, thinking about how Michael was shielding Max. He just had to wait until Max woke up and found out what happened to Brielle. It would surely lead to a confrontation with Michael, and the bond between father and son would suffer.
At that point, Michael would come to realize that his most prized son had long since fallen for
Brielle.
Michael's gaze was sharp as he turned to one of the attendants. "How is Spencer holding up?" "The doctors are still working on him. He took a nasty hit to the head, but his life isn't in danger."
Michael let out a sigh of relief and waved dismissively. "Mobilize all of the Dorsey family's resources. Ensure that Brielle spends the rest of her life behind bars, with no visitors allowed. Strip her of her position at Dorsey International. Once Spencer is up, he can take over. I don't want that woman anywhere near him again."
William couldn't resist fanning the flames a bit more. "Dad, it seems Spencer hasn't quite given up on Brielle. If he makes another misstep after this, he might not be so lucky. You saw how ruthless she was this time."
Such a woman had no place in the Dorsey family.
Michael's brows furrowed in disgust. "Make sure the police keep a tight lid on her. There should be no chances for appeal. That will be all for now. Let's disperse. We can all use some rest."
His tone left no room for argument; his disdain for Brielle was palpable.
It was past three in the morning. At his age, Michael could hardly afford to lose sleep. Resolving these three issues had taken its toll, and he planned to visit Max again the next day.
But before he had the chance to leave, a commotion in the corridor caught everyone's attention. It was Alivia, pale as a ghost, and lips quivering with fear.
Michael, where is Max? How is he doing?"
She must have received the news late at night, hastily throwing on a coat that hung loosely from her shoulders. Her slippers were missing, and her bare feet had rushed through the winter chill, a testament to her desperation.
Michael's heart softened at the sight. "He's still unconscious, but I expect he'll be awake by tomorrow. Alivia, why on earth did you come out without shoes?"
A wave of relief washed over Alivia as she realized she was indeed shoeless and quickly sat down to recollect herself. "I'm sorry, I was just so worried... I'm glad he's okay." Her eyes were red-rimmed, and her feet were frozen stiff.
Victoria, who had a soft spot for Alivia, sprang into action. "I've got a spare pair of shoes in my car. I'll get them."
Michael nodded in approval, admiring Alivia's dedication. "You came all this way in the middle of the night. That's very considerate of you."
Alivia bit her lip, her cheeks flushing with a mix of worry and relief. "Michael, it's the least 1 could do. Max means everything to me."
Michael was pleased, Max needed a woman like her by his side. "Alivia, once you've settled things with your research institute and things aren't so hectic, we should sit down and finalize your engagement." Her eyes brightened at the suggestion, but she was cautious, worried that pushing too hard might drive Max away. "Let's wait until Max wakes up. His opinion is what matters most." Her words were calculated, designed to endear her to the Dorsey family.
Michael smiled for the first time that evening and massaged his temple with a weary hand. "I'm getting too old for this. Now that I know Max is safe, I can rest easy. You should head back, too." "I'll stay here until he wakes up.”
Michael sighed, resigned. "You're a good girl, Alivia."
As Michael was escorted away and Victoria returned with shoes for Alivia, the corridor finally emptied. Only then did a sly grin creep onto Alivia's face. She had purposely left her shoes behind as a ruse to show the Dorseys Just how much she cared for Max.
While genuinely concerned for Max's well-being, the news of Brielle's downfall had put her at ease. That phone call she made to Spencer had been the right move. Under such stress, he had sought out Brielle.
Already shattered by the loss of a child, the public scandal, and now being harassed by her despicable ex-fiancé, Brielle was bound to crack.
Alivia had always said that her torment of Brielle was just beginning. She hardly needed to lift a finger; her rival would self-destruct without hesitation.
###Chapter 463
Chapter 463
Allvia's love for Max was like a wildfire, reckless and all-consuming. If Max were to die tonight, she would follow him without hesitation. Therefore, Max had no choice but to love her and her alone.
Now was the perfect opportunity. Michael, out of loyalty to Spencer, was gunning for Brielle, and with Max incapacitated for the moment, Allvla had ample time to foster a bond between the two. Everything was unfolding just as she had hoped, smoothly and without hindrance,
Downstairs at the hospital, members of the Dorsey clan were leaving in a procession of sleek
cars.
Victoria climbed into her vehicle, casting a disgusted look at Tiffanie, who lingered outside. "What are you even doing here? Don't fool yourself into thinking you're one of the Harkins. Your haven't managed to earn Everett's affection yet. You're a waste of space, barely worth the air you breathe. You might as well be dead."
The more Victoria thought about it, the angrier she became. Her disdain deepened at the glimpse of a tattoo peeking from Tiffanie's neck. "I can't fathom what sort of lowlife your real. father was, but you're certainly his spitting image. Stay away from the Dorsey's affairs in the future, would you?"
"Mom, I got it. Just go." Tiffanie replied with rare tranquility, her smile unwavering as she watched Victoria.
Victoria's stomach churned at that smile. She had always loathed her daughter and tried many ways to torment her, yet Tiffanie remained resilient, often popping up when least expected. Instead of breaking. Tiffanie had developed a carefree personality. Victoria just couldn't understand it.
Too fed up to look at Tiffanie any longer, Victoria drove away.
Both Brielle and Maxie
The moment she left. Tiffanie's smile vanished. Trouble was brewing. were in dire straits, and with her grandfather's orders, Tiffanie couldn't reach either of them. What should she do?
Tiffanie was beside herself with worry. As for Victoria's recent insults, they barely registered to her. Her primary concern was Brielle. The Dorseys planned to pressure the police; who knew what Brielle might endure in custody?
Maxie was still unconscious and would be unreachable even if he woke, since his phone had been confiscated.
Frantically pacing. Tiffanie wondered whom she could turn to.
Andrew? Unlikely. He had never been fond of Brielle and probably wouldn't mind seeing her stuck in jail forever.
Kenzo?
1/2
Chapter 463
Overwhelmed and with dawn approaching. Tiffanie couldn't think clearly.
Aubree was similarly anxious. She had followed the police to the station, where they had initially agreed to let her see Brielle. But then, a phone call changed everything, and she was abruptly turned away. Someone had given the station orders.
Aubree was raised in the thick of these circles and was no stranger to such scenarios. But with Max incapacitated, she had no allies to turn to. She was about to lose her cool when she tentatively dialed Andrew's number.
Andrew and Kenzo were holed up in the hospital lounge, having overheard the Dorsey family's conversations. If they showed themselves, they'd be obliged to engage in pleasantries, something they were both keen to avoid.
The Dorsey family seemed to be on the precipice of a significant shift.
Andrew's lips curled into a half-smile as he casually flipped a doctor's pen over in his hand. "Kenzo, what's your take?"
Sitting with a straight back and an amused twinkle in his eye, Kenzo simply said, "Quite intriguing."
Andrew scoffed softly. "Sometimes I really don't get you. I was worried sick, and you're acting like it's no big deal. Weren't you even a bit concerned for Max? With Ryan pulling a stunt like that, even I might not have dodged the bullet."
Kenzo's eyes slowly closed, his voice still gentle. "Michael chose him as the heir at age ten, so a little vigilance is natural for Max."
Andrew's family, the Clements, lacked numerous heirs, so he couldn't quite understand the constant vigilance that came from being targeted by one's own kin from a young age. Max's journey had likely made him more composed and more ruthless than most. There was little to worry about. "Even if Max willingly walked into the jaws of death." Kenzo mused, "the reaper himself might think twice before taking him."
Andrew lowered his gaze, his brow furrowed. "And what about Brielle? You heard what they said. Are you okay with letting her rot in jail?"
###Chapter 464
Chapter 464
Kenzo chuckled softly, his eyes were still warm, but his expression was somewhat laden with hidden meaning. "Andrew, this is a Dorsey family matter, and it's Max's own business. When he wakes up, he'll handle everything. Let's not rush in and add to the chaos." One of Kenzo's life principles was to go with the flow.
With his legs encased in combat boots, Andrew kicked the chair impatiently. "Fine, you're the wise one. I'm outta here. No point hanging around when I can't see anyone."
He strode out, inevitably bumping into Alivia. Wrapped in her coat. Alivia froze when she saw him. What was he doing coming out of that room?
Andrew nodded at her, said nothing, and walked away.
Alivia was relieved she hadn't called anyone and revealed her true self. Looking back into room, she caught sight of Kenzo. "Kenzo?"
the
Kenzo came out, ruffling her hair with a smile. "Grandpa's given you a free pass. Stick with Max for a while."
Not that she needed telling. Alivia would have stayed by Max's side anyway.
Once they were both gone, Alivia finally breathed a sigh of relief.
Outside the hospital, Andrew's phone buzzed with a call from Aubree. He could guess what she wanted to say and quickly hit 'end call.'
Aubree stood in front of the police station, and dialed ten times to no avail. Eventually, the line went dead. Even she knew Andrew wasn't going to help her.
A bitter smile crossed Aubree's lips.
By dawn, the security around the police station seemed impenetrable. It looked like the Dorsey family intended to leave Brielle to her fate. She was isolated in her own little world. Aubree was helpless against the Dorseys, the first family of Beaconsfield. Only when Max woke up could anything change.
Noon came, and Max still hadn't stirred.
The atmosphere on the hospital floor was tense. Every medical staffer delivering medication moved with utmost care, each subjected to multiple screenings.
All non-essential personnel were barred from Max's vicinity - except for Alivia, whom Michael had allowed to stay.
Sitting by the bed, Alivia gazed at Max's face. His eyes were closed, his expression unapproachable. This was the man she'd been smitten with since childhood.
She took a deep breath, reaching to take his hand, to hold it in hers, but as she neared, his fingers twitched.
Alivia drew back, and when she looked un, she saw his eyes slowly opening.
"Max, how do you feel? She quickly pressed the call button, summoning the doctors.
The doctors swarmed Max, checking his chest wound, then his head. "Max, can you hear us?"
A sharp pain shot through Max's skull as if a hammer was pounding into his brain.
"There's still some bruising at the back of your head. If it hurts, try not to think too much and rest for now."
Max didn't respond; he just closed his eyes again.
The doctor straightened up, addressing Alivia. "Ms. Alivia, Max is okay. Waking up is a good sign. He's still under the effects of the anesthesia, but give it an hour, and he should be fully lucid. His physical condition is stronger than most - he'll recover quickly."
Alivia exhaled in relief. "Thank you."
But no sooner had the doctors left than Max's eyes flickered open again. Alivia hurried to pour
him some water. "Max, want a drink?"
He glanced at her, his eyes devoid of emotion, then shut them once more.
Alivia's heart melted.
An hour later, Max was truly awake, surveying the room with furrowed brows. His voice was hoarse and unsteady. "Where's Ryan?"
"Michael had him moved out overnight. Max, is there anything that feels off?"
Max tried to sit up but winced at the pull in his chest. Alivia reached out to help, but he brushed
her off. "I've got it."
Disappointment flickered in her eyes as she withdrew her hands.
Max sat up slowly, cushioning his waist with a pillow. His head was throbbing too much to think, his face pale.
This was the worst injury he'd had in his life, a parting gift from a desperate Ryan. Ryan had been like a madman last night. It wasn't like him to be so unhinged unless someone was using
him.
The mere thought sharpened the pain in Max's head, forcing him to lie back down, his voice The indifferent. "Get Patrick to bring me the company files this afternoon."
Even in this state, he was concerned about work.
Alivia found it amusing and puzzling. Since waking up, he hadn't mentioned Brielle once. What was going on?
A tremor of fear ran through her at the thought that crossed her mind.
###Chapter 465
Chapter 465
After making sure Max was sound asleep, Alivia could no longer contain her excitement and promptly left the hospital room.
She sought out the doctor to inquire about Max's condition. "Doctor, I need to know if the blood clot in Max's brain might cause any complications. Like, could it make him forget certain things?"
"Ms. Alivia, theoretically, it's possible. However, Max was quite fortunate last night. The clot isn't located in a critical area, so the likelihood is slim but not entirely out of the question. Your might want to check with Max himself for specifics."
How could Alivia possibly bring herself to ask Max such a thing? If he truly had forgotten, she wouldn't allow anyone else the opportunity to bring up Brielle in his presence.
But judging from his current behavior, there was a ninety percent chance he'd forgotten. Otherwise, he wouldn't have neglected to ask for his phone or about Brielle and would have jumped straight back into work like his old workaholic self.
From now on, Max would belong solely to her. And that bitch Brielle would rot forever in her lonely little prison.
A smirk crossed Alivia's face. "Alright, I'll ask him later."
Her eyes flickered with excitement as she stepped out of the room and walked to the balcony at the end of the hallway. She dialed a number on her phone.
A lazy voice answered, "Alivia, it's been ages since you called me after going back home. I thought you'd forgotten about me with all the chasing after Max." "Jaired, I need a favor."
Jaired chuckled softly, his voice turning tender. "What kind of favor? Here I am, still in the military, and you're already thinking of using me?"
"Are you going to help me or not?" Alivia was more relaxed with him than with others, and she didn't put on airs as she did with the rest.
"How could I possibly refuse your request? Go ahead, tell me."
"Isn't the police force in Beaconsfield under the control of the Riddle family? I remember your uncle just got promoted, right? I need you to go to the police station and find someone for me.” Jaired's eyes narrowed. Though he wasn't in Beaconsfield, he occasionally heard some rumors from there. "Who are you looking for?"
"Brielle. I know you have your ways. I want her to go mad in that place. That's not too difficult for you, right?"
With his languid demeanor and a hint of wild ferocity, Jaired was like a noble jaguar, his
11:53
Chapter 465
muscles taut and ready. "The woman Max is keeping now? Is she worth your effort? Since when did you become so insecure, Alivia? Instead of staying by his side, which seems exhausting, why not come to me? You know I'll always welcome you back."
"Jaired, you're Max's friend. I don't want to hear such talk again. I'm destined to marry him. Help me with this, and when you're back, I'll treat you to dinner, Deal?"
Jaired sighed, rubbing his temples. "Alright."
After hanging up, Alivia's smile widened.
Max, Kenzo, Andrew, and Jaired had the closest ties within their circle, but Jaired had always been in the military and rarely got involved in Beaconsfield's affairs.
The Riddle family's political influence was not to be underestimated, and Jaired, being the only son of his generation, had always carried the family's hopes. He had stayed in military training and now was winning awards internationally. He'd probably return home soon.
It would be a good opportunity for Max, Kenzo, Andrew, and Jaired to get together.
It was almost like going back to the old days when the four of them would sit together, and she would secretly watch Max from the shadows, only to be caught and teased by Jaired for her little crush. But now, this was no longer just a crush.
As long as Brielle was out of the picture, she could be with Max immediately. Alivia was so confident that she didn't notice a shadow pass by the glass door behind her.
She tucked her phone into her pocket and returned to Max's room. There, she saw Max standing by the window, which was ajar, letting in the chilly breeze. "Max, you shouldn't be exposed to the cold right now. Let's keep the window closed."
Max was idly playing with something in his fingers, his gaze calm and steady as he looked out..
Alivia moved to drape a coat over his shoulders, but he said, "No need." He always had this way of rejecting her.
His complexion was still a bit pale, but he watched the snow falling outside. "Is it almost Christmas? Winter's been lingering for a while now."
Joy flashed in Alivia's eyes. At that moment, she was utterly convinced that Max had forgotten that despicable Brielle! It was as if the heavens were conspiring in her favor!
"Yes, Christmas is just a couple of weeks away. Jaired should be coming home soon. You haven't seen each other in quite some time, have you?"
Max lightly tapped his fingers on the window frame, chuckling. "It has been a long time."
###Chapter 466
Chapter 466
He delivered the words with a languid and enticing breath, stirring the soul. The winter sun chose that moment to bathe him in its light. All Alivia could feel was an irrepressible flutter of the heart. "Michael was livid last night. The doctors must have told him you're awake by now, He'll be here soon, I'm sure."
Max stared out at the world draped in its wintry white, probably feeling the ache in his head. He raised a hand to rub his temples,
"Hmm."
"Max, why don't you rest some more?"
Max settled back into bed, not lying down completely but rather leaning against the headboard with his eyes slightly closed, seeming somewhat aloof.
His fingers subconsciously caressed the wrist where a rosary should have been, finding nothing. He withdrew his hand, and his lips pressed together coldly, like a tree encased in frost. Alivia's lips curled into a tender smile, her heart melting completely. This man was finally, utterly hers.
Half an hour later, Michael arrived.
Leaning on a cane, he looked worse for wear, obviously having had little sleep. With both a grandson and a son fighting for their lives, he couldn't find rest.
Now, seeing Max awake, he let out a heavy sigh of relief. "It's good to see you're alright. I've made sure that Ryan and Faith are no longer in Beaconsfield, and they won't be coming back." Max's expression was muted, unreadable.
"You all just can't seem to give me a break, not even Spencer. They didn't get him out of surgery until the wee hours of the morning, and he's still not awake."
Michael had wanted to talk about Brielle, but seeing Max raise a hand to press at his temples.
he bit back his words.
"Father, I'm quite tired."
Michael had no choice but to stand. "You rest up. I won't let anyone disturb you for a while. Alivia insisted on staying by your side. You're not getting any younger. Once you've recovered, we should finalize the wedding arrangements. It's not fair to her to keep worrying about you like this, is it?"
Alivia, though thrilled on the inside, feigned hesitation outwardly. "Michael, there's no rush. We'll do things according to Max's wishes."
Michael grew more fond of Alivia by the minute. Both wanted to give Max space, so they left the
11-57
Chapter 466
room together.
Just then, a doctor came to notify Michael that Spencer had awakened. Michael, intent on checking on his other grandson upstairs, set off with Alivia close behind. Spencer was her comrade, after all. She had crucial information to share.
Once inside the elevator, Allvia spoke up gently. "Michael, perhaps it's best not to mention Spencer's situation in front of Max. The doctors say he needs as little stress as possible right now, and since this involves Brielle... Well, Max does value Brielle's professional skills, and it would only upset him."
Her words served dual purposes: to keep Michael from bringing up Brielle in front of Max and to highlight that Brielle's relationship with Max was purely professional, valued only for her skills.
Michael had had his suspicions about Max and Brielle, but hearing Alivia's reassurances, he felt his doubts were perhaps misplaced. Max was a workaholic, and it was true that he held those who excelled professionally in high esteem. Brielle might've come from humble origins, but her talents were undeniable.
"Alivia, Max is blessed to have you."
A glint of triumph flashed in Alivia's eyes, but she kept silent, smiling to herself.
They reached Spencer's room to find his head wrapped in several layers of bandages, now sitting up. His gaze was empty as he stared out the window.
"You fool!" Michael couldn't contain his anger upon seeing his grandson in such a state. "You let a woman do this to you. You've really outdone yourself!"
Spencer's face grew even paler, and his eyes rimmed with red. Brielle had truly meant to kill him, a fact that pained him deeply.
He admitted he was scum, having wronged her emotionally in the past, but he never wished her dead. Even as he lay close to losing consciousness under her assault, he thought perhaps it was better if they both died. If Brielle couldn't be his, she shouldn't belong to anyone else.
The hatred and panic in Brielle's eyes were like thousands of needles, piercing straight into his
heart.
Before this catastrophe, he thought he was just resentful, but as he lay vaguely conscious in the emergency room, all he could think of was her.
He shouldn't have treated her like this. How could he be such a bastard?
Where was Brielle now?
"Grandfather, what's become of Brielle?" His first conscious thought was of her.
Upon hearing him inquire about Brielle, Michael's expression darkened further. "Anyone who harms the Dorsey family will not get off easy. She'll be spending the rest of her life behind bars. That much is certain."
11:53
Chapter 400
Spencer became frantic. "That won't do. I still have to marry her."
###Chapter 467
Chapter 467
The moment the words left his lips, Michael's cane came crashing down on Spencer's back, sending a shiver through his body.
Michael's scalp tingled with fury. "Stubborn as a mule! You don't give a hoot about your own folks, but you're all worried about a stranger. Your dad hit Max with the car last night, and I had to whisk him and Faith out of Beaconsfield in the dead of night. Spencer, your mom chose to leave you behind; don't you go disappointing her."
Spencer's pupils shrank sharply, deflated like a punctured balloon. He stopped his ruckus about what he would do with Brielle, simply lowering his gaze and clutching the blanket in front of him with a death grip.
Growing up in a powerful family, he knew what being sent away meant. To outsiders, Michael had washed his hands of them, and keeping Spencer was just a nod to the last thread of kinship.
"You take the time to get well. Once you're out of the hospital, I'll find you a suitable marriage to keep you from mooning over a would-be murderer all day long."
Spencer fell silent, and once the old man had left, he realized Alivia was still standing in the hospital room. Her face carried the same gentle smile as she poured him a glass of water from the dispenser. "Spencer, Michael and I just came from Max's room. He's forgotten all about Brielle. Congrats, she's all yours now."
Her words treated Brielle like some cheap trinket.
Spencer was about to reach for the glass, but his hand froze mid-air at her words. "Are you certain?"
"Mmhmm, the blood clot in his head must've squeezed some nerves. Ever since he woke up. he's been out of it, not a peep about Brielle."
A flicker of wild joy crossed Spencer's eyes, and his lips curled into a cold smirk.
Alivia patted his shoulder. "Brielle is yours to shape or shatter as you please. Max won't interfere anymore. Once he's healed up, he'll be marrying me."
"Congratulations to you, Ms. Alivia, for getting your heart's desire.
Alivia chuckled lightly. As long as Jaired hurried things along, getting Brielle into trouble behind bars, everything would be perfect.
Alivia didn't let Jaired snuff out Brielle's life, not out of kindness; she wanted to drive Brielle mad and then have the crazed woman attend her wedding to Max. Murder was mundane, but to crush a spirit was the real thrill.
In prison, Brielle curled up on the narrow cot, feeling the chill seeping through her bones. She wanted to sleep, but the pain from her wound kept her too alert.
Chacher 267
The prison medic had come once to dress her wounds, admonishing her to stay still before leaving.
Sweat poured down Brielle's face. The sound of the iron door being knocked echoed, and then it swung open. Her blurred vision couldn't make out the faces of those who dragged her swiftly to an abyssal cell. Solitary confinement was a common punishment for unruly Inmates. Inside, time lost all meaning, and sanity hung by a thread.
After being unceremoniously dumped onto the cold floor, Brielle was engulfed in darkness so absolute she couldn't even see her own fingertips. She didn't cry out or scream; it was as if the darkness was born within her heart, becoming one with her very being.
The guards in the surveillance room watched Brielle maintain her position on the floor, puzzled. "It's been three hours. She hasn't begged for mercy or even opened her eyes. What's she up to?" If Brielle was scared, her calm face certainly didn't show it.
"Let's just keep her there for now. Of all the people to cross, she had to anger the Riddle and Dorsey families. Both gave us the same order: take special care of her. A grown man would lose his mind after three days in the hole; she won't last long."
"A shame, she's quite the looker."
The guards, more brutish in nature, couldn't afford to be gentle; it wouldn't do in a place like
this.
"Well, you won't get a taste of that."
"That remains to be seen. The Riddle family wants us to drive her mad. What do you reckon is the fastest way to drive a woman insane?"
The two guards exchanged knowing looks and fell silent.
Unaware of the brewing storm, Brielle didn't know how long she'd be trapped in this darkness. Every time hunger clawed at her, someone would come to feed her. She didn't even know what she was eating; she couldn't see anything, not even a sliver of light. Her body sank into deep. fatigue as if she would sleep forever. So tired, so drowsy, every part of her felt rusty and slow. sapping her of the strength to even rise. She was certain that something extra was being added to her meals every day.
After an indeterminate length of time, she glimpsed a hazy light. She tried to move her fingers, only to find her hands restrained on either side. She looked up to see two men leering down at her, their eyes trailing over her body.
"Ms. Brielle, you've got quite the will. It seems we'll need to get creative to drive you mad."
Chapter 468
###Chapter 468
Chapter 468
Brielle felt drained, bone-weary to her core. Even when she heard their taunts, she could only muster a faint glance in their direction.
The two men felt slighted by her dismissive gaze and grabbed her hair roughly in a fit of anger.
"Word on the street is you just lost a kid," one sneered. "Why dwell on it when you can have a bit of fun? How about you make a couple of kids with us, eh? We'll give you a ride you won't forget."
"Oh, and by the way, Ms. Brielle, you might not have heard the latest gossip-your lover got into an accident, banged up his head pretty badly, and now he's got amnesia. Can't remember a thing about you. He's about to tie the knot with somebody else, Ms. Alivia."
Brielle's emotionless facade trembled as her lashes fluttered in disbelief. She looked up. voice barely a whisper, "Liar.”
her
Seeing her finally react, the men let out a sigh of relief. They threw her into a dingy little room that seemed to frighten her none, leaving them at a loss. Earlier that day, they'd received a call from a woman who instructed them with grave seriousness on how to break Brielle's spirit.
"Us, lie? Isn't your beau the big-shot CEO of Dorsey International? Do you really think he's into someone like you? He's all set to marry Ms. Alivia, and both families are over the moon. While you're rotting here alone, we figured you might be a bit lonely. So, how about you give in to us?"
Their hands started to creep toward Brielle's collar but were met with a cold, mocking laugh. The fear vanished from her face, replaced by an icy detachment. Her rational mind was returning. "So even with me locked up here, some people are still nervous, huh?"
The color drained from the men's faces, but she pressed on, her gaze piercing. "Because if I ever got out, whatever she's got now would be as fleeting as a mirage.
Faith, being who she was, would have made sure the whole Dorsey family knew about her son being knocked out, including Michael. And Tiffanie had always said Michael was fiercely protective-so the decision to throw Brielle in jail might have been his idea.
But a man of his stature, with years in the business world, wouldn't resort to sending two thugs to defile a woman. Michael probably didn't care how she fared in jail; he just wanted her gone for good. Someone was terrified of her getting out, scared of her showing her face again. That was why they were so concerned about her well-being in this cell.
Brielle had felt devoid of spirit, almost too numb to resist what seemed like fate. Maybe she really was cursed, abandoned by fortune itself. But she couldn't let anything happen to Max. As long as she wasn't dead, as long as she had a breath left in her, she had to get out and see what was really going on.
- burst of fun thay grabbed her throat. "You think you're
Chapter 468
tough, huh? Well, make sure you scream loud, cuz we want to enjoy ourselves!"
Brielle's face turned crimson from the lack of air, but she didn't forget to throw a threat back at
them.
"Choosing not to kill me outright suggests that someone behind you wants me alive. If you mess with me like this, aren't you afraid of what I might do to you once I'm out? I've crossed the Dorsey family, even laid one of their heirs. Who knows what I might do to you if I lose it?"
Her laugh was harmless, yet it sent chills down their spines.
Suddenly, the door burst open, and a uniformed officer appeared at the threshold. "What the hell are you two doing? Who gave you permission to take justice into your own hands?"
The men jumped, releasing Brielle immediately, muttering, "But we were told-
The officer waved them off, his impatience clear. "Told what? You don't even know which side will win, and here you are, eager to prove your loyalty. Do you want to end up like she said, targeted for revenge when she's ou? Let her go. Treat her well. Even a woman in chains sees further than you. Your lot's destined to be jailers for life."
The men dared not defy him, casting a resentful glance at Brielle as she arched an eyebrow, the corner of her mouth curling into a sly grin.
"Still laughing? Are you trying to provoke us? Is that it?!" Their fists clenched, ready to strike, but recalling the officer's words, they held back.
Brielle closed her eyes, ignoring their vulgar tirades, and made her demands. "I want a shower, I want a decent meal, and no funny business with my food. I need a softer bed; the current one's giving me aches."
"Say that again?!" the men spat, enraged and ready to lash out.
###Chapter 469
Chapter 469
Brielle closed her eyes with a detached expression, a clear sign she had no intention of struggling. "Go on, hit me. But once I'm out of here, you'll be regretting you ever wanted that arm. Isn't the President of Dorsey International my secret lover? If he really forgets about me. well, I snagged him once, and I can do it again. Once I've got him wrapped around my finger. you guys are toast."
Her brazenness bordered on shamelessness. Fighting with someone shameless only left your powerless. The two men were left speechless by her words, their faces turning red with frustration, feeling utterly humiliated.
The man at the door in uniform cast a long look at her, then chuckled, "Ms. Brielle, you do have
guts."
Feeling that the anticipated punch hadn't come, Brielle looked up and met the gaze of the uniformed man at the door. She was too calm, too rational, her gaze indifferent.
The man in uniform raised an eyebrow and instructed the other two. "Do as she says."
Hearing this, Brielle lowered her eyes. "Should have done that in the first place."
The two men by her side were seething with anger. "Don't get too cocky. It's not certain you. can get out of here. If you push us too far, you won't even know what hit you." Brielle looked up, a cold smile flickering across her face. "That's why someone's in charge and you're not. With your wits, you're better off staying guards forever." "You!" They glared at Brielle as if she were a monster. They were brothers who had been in this place for years and had never encountered someone as tough as her.
Grinding their teeth in silent rage, they held back, knowing all too well what it meant to deal with the President of Dorsey International - the heir to the Dorsey fortune. If this bitch managed to charm her way out, they wouldn't just lose their jobs. They feared her vengeance would be tenfold.
They knew better than to treat her like any other. The orders were clear: drive her mad. But with her wits about her, even if they tried to break her a hundred times, she would remain unshaken. The brothers weren't fools. They exchanged a look and decided to drop it.
*Meanwhile, Brielle closed her eyes, deep in thought.
In the hospital.
Max's fingers lightly tapped on the keyboard, but after only a few emails, his head began to throb. He massaged his temples and turned to the doctor beside him. "When will this headache go away?" "Well, Max, it's hard to say. Maybe a month, maybe half a year. It depends on the case."
1/2
11:54
Max's fingers paused, his expression growing colder.
He was in good shape, his chest wound was healing well, and Michael was surprised to see him dive back into work so quickly. It was both reassuring and remarkable. "If the other Dorsey family members had half your sense, we wouldn't be in this mess," Michael said as he got up. feeling completely at ease. "Max, you should rest more. You've lost weight. No matter how busy work is, you need to take care of your health."
"Father, how's Spencer?"
As an elder, it was only right to show concern for the younger ones.
"That boy sulked for an afternoon when he found out his parents were sent away. Then, suddenly, he couldn't sit still and kept begging to be discharged. He's probably just restless."
Max nodded as if asking out of routine before smoothly changing the subject. "Spencer is too impulsive; he can't keep this up. It's time for him to settle down and get married."
Michael agreed but hadn't considered any potential brides. "Max, which family's daughter do you think would be suitable?"
"The Rowland family, Sophia."
Michael frowned. Sophia?
Tessa was the well-known daughter of the Rowland family, but the other girls were less prominent. Spencer might not have been the most capable, but he was still a legitimate heir of the Dorsey family. "Father, the Dorsey family doesn't need a political marriage to secure its status, but the public sees Spencer as vulnerable without the support of his parents. Marrying a favored daughter from another family could lead to resentment. We can't have another Everett incident. Sophial knows how to keep her thoughts to herself; she's secured her own place while staying loyal to Tessa and strong-willed. That's exactly the kind of wife Spencer needs."
Michael was persuaded, or rather, he trusted his son's judgment implicitly.
"Alright, I'll send a proposal to the Rowland family as soon as I return. Once Spencer is out of the hospital, we'll arrange their wedding."
###Chapter 470
Chapter 470
"Sure." Max's response was as nonchalant as ever, and he fell silent again.
Michael heeded Alivia's advice and refrained from bringing up Brielle in Max's presence, wanting to avoid any chance of Max showing her leniency due to her talents. With work to attend to, Michael didn't plan on lingering.
Max was healing at a rate that would put any ordinary man to shame. An injury like his would've been a death sentence for most. Not only had he dodged a potentially fatal collision, but here he was, ready to check out of the hospital after just three days.
"Where's my phone?" He directed the question at Michael, who had taken charge of the device. not wishing to disturb his recovery. But now that Max was up and about, there was no need to
withhold it.
"It's in the lounge at the end of the hall." As Michael's words settled, Alivia pushed through the door from outside.
"Alivia, go fetch Max's phone for him, will you?" Michael said.
Alivia had initially stored the phone away, so it made sense for her to retrieve it now.
A flicker of something crossed Alivia's face as she nodded slowly and stepped out of the room. She glanced back inside the hospital room, where Max sat on the bed, his demeanor as icy as ever, unchanged from before the incident with Brielle.
Content with what she saw, she pulled the phone from her bag. The phone had never made it to the lounge - it had been with her all along. Aubree had called nearly a hundred times, and Alivia hadn't answered any, even blacklisting her number.
She had also deleted Brielle's WhatsApp and combed through all the photo albums. Max was never one for pictures, so the albums were empty, which reassured her that Brielle hadn't
broken all of his rules.
After blocking Brielle's number and completing her tasks, Alivia returned to the hospital room with the phone in hand. "Max, I've been charging your phone for you the past few days. It should still be good to go."
Max took the phone, but he didn't rush to check anything.
"You sure you want to be discharged?" Michael pressed.
"Dad, I know what I'm doing. There's an important meeting this afternoon."
Michael sighed, feeling both pride and frustration toward his youngest son. He wished others would step up like Max, yet also hoped Max would learn to take a break.
Once Max made up his mind, there was no changing it. Michael arranged the discharge, and an hour later, Max was down at the Dorsey Tower, with Alivia in tow. Chapter 470
Alivia was heading to Dorsey International, and Max had no reason to stop her.
But waiting inside the Dorsey International lobby was a woman. With dark circles under her eyes, Aubree was nearly asleep on the couch. At the sight of Max, she sprung up reflexively.
Aubree had been beside herself with worry these past days. She finally heard that Max was awake, but he hadn't answered her calls or even blocked her.
Now, seeing him walk into Dorsey International with Alivia, Aubree wondered if Max was truly about to ditch Brielle. "Max! You jerk! You're the worst! How could you even think about abandoning Brielle? Do you have any idea what Bri-"
Brielle had lost a child.
The thought brought tears to Aubree's eyes, and as she looked past Max to the poised Alivia, she clenched her teeth. "Jerk! You are gonna end up in hell, just like that scumbag Andrew!"
Max's brow furrowed for a split second. He glanced her way but kept walking to the private.
elevator.
Aubree, chilled by that glance, stood frozen.
Alivia lingered, offering Aubree a tender smile. "Miss Aubree, Andrew was right not to fancy you. A crude woman like you could never catch his eye."
Aubree squinted, sizing up Alivia from head to toe. Dressed in Chanel, with a Patek Philippe on her wrist, Alivia looked both professional and gracious, a stark contrast to Aubree's sleep-deprived appearance. Aubree scoffed, "No matter how pretty you package yourself, Ms. Alivia, Max still hasn't chosen you. You're still following him, and he hasn't even glanced back, has he? You think you're so high and mighty, yet you haven't even touched his hand. Bri, though? She's had him, inside and out, more times than you can count."
"You!" The warmth vanished from Alivia's face, replaced by a cold, thin smile. "Being used and tossed aside like trash is nothing to boast about. If you were any good, you'd be with your friend instead of lurking around Dorsey International."
She stepped closer, her voice dropping to a whisper meant only for them. "And by the way. I made sure your friend got special attention in jail. She lost a child, didn't she? Since she's so keen on having one, maybe carrying the child of some inmate wouldn't be so bad, right?"
###Chapter 471
Chapter 471
Aubree's eyes flickered in disbelief as she gazed at Alivia. It was only now that she realized. beneath Alivia's gentle facade lurked a darkness so vile it almost made her gag.
Alivia saw no reason to hide her true self in front of Brielle's friends. To her, their fear was an advantage. She let out a soft chuckle, delicately straightening Aubree's collar. "Poor Briette's probably been tossed around like a rag doll by now. Even if she gets out, Max won't give her a second glance. Why else would he ignore your calls? He finds it repulsive. Miss Aubree, I guess I'll be heading up then."
Rooted to the spot, Aubree heard Alivia's smug voice trailing off. "Even if you wanted to go see her. I doubt you could. Michael has used the Dorsey family's influence to seal that place tight. Not even a fly could get in. Such a pity."
That bitch!
Aubree trembled with rage, yet felt a profound sense of powerlessness.
She had grown up in this world and knew too well the sway Alivia held among the elite. If Alivial wanted to make Brielle's life miserable, she could do it with a snap of her fingers.
Adding the Dorsey family into the mix, and Max no longer caring about Brielle, who was there to save her friend?
Desperate and furious, Aubree stormed out of Dorsey Tower, tears streaming down her face.
Aubree rarely cried, not even when Andrew had tormented her to the brink of death. She was a rose with thorns, while Brielle was a verdant leaf touched by frost. Yet, both had been unlucky in love. Feeling helpless, Aubree stood on the sidewalk, wiping away her tears with a trembling hand. A sleek sports car pulled up in front of her, and the window rolled down to reveal Dustin's face. Dustin still had that stunning look - eyes as charming as a spring breeze, a smile brimming with warmth. "Aren't you Andrew's little sister? What's got you crying on the sidewalk, lost your way?" Ignoring his teasing. Aubree focused on the face that seemed like a savior, looking more. handsome than ever. Quickly wiping her eyes, she tapped on the door. "Mr. Lynch."
Dustin wasn't one to leave a lady crying on the street. He unlocked the car, and Aubree climbed in, sniffling. "I always knew you were one of the good ones, Mr. Lynch. Bri's blind for not seeing it." Dustin chuckled, pulling out a few tissues and handing them to her. "Dry those tears. Are you looking for your brother?"
The car started moving. Dustin's hands were steady on the wheel, his posture a mix of composure and casual ease.
Chapter 471
"That jerk Max is ditching Bri." She said it deliberately, aiming to gauge Dustin's reaction. If he cared for Brielle, then he might just be the help sent from above. "Whoal"
The car stopped abruptly, Dustin turned, his face a picture of shock - definitely not feigned. "Has Max gone blind? He's really giving up on little Bri?"
Aubree's eyes welled up again. "Yeah, Alivia has even arranged for Bri to be tormented in jail. The Dorsey family is putting pressure on them so no one can visit. I'm so worried about Bri." "Which jail?"
"The one down on South Road."
Aubree answered quickly, watching as Dustin picked up his phone, dialing a number without hesitation.
"Mr. King, it's me, Dustin."
"Dustin? When you call, it's rarely good news. What do you need this time?"
"Actually, I just rushed back from abroad to toast to your promotion, Uncle. I've got some fine wine in the car; I'll swing by later."
"Cut the crap, Dustin. What's the real reason for your call?"
"The South Road jail. I need to see a friend, but I heard the Dorsey family's been leaning on it?"
"That jail, huh? It's been buzzing lately. Not just the Dorsey's, but the Riddle family has made some moves too. Who's this friend, Dustin? Your girlfriend?"
"Come on, you're the man in Beaconsfield. Surely, this isn't beyond you?"
Dustin's face held a smile, but his eyes were serious. He wasn't up to speed with
Beaconsfield's power plays but knew the Riddle family usually stayed out of such affairs. Why were they involved now?
"Don't tease me, kid. If you need to go, go now."
Dustin grinned, flooring the accelerator, his hand firmly on the wheel.
Thanks. And could you find out why the Riddle family's getting involved?" "Just don't forget my wine."
Dustin agreed readily, hanging up and tossing his phone onto the back seat.
###Chapter 472
Chapter 472
Aubree's tears had stopped, replaced by a hint of surprise.
The Dorsey and Riddle families were powerhouses, but Dustin had handled them with just a phone call. Weren't the Lynches part of the high society in North America? How did they have such clout in Beaconsfield?
"Mr. Lynch, can we go see Bri now?"
"Why not?"
"Mr. Lynch, I never noticed before how damn handsome you are."
He snorted, "You're just realizing this now? One of you has got a thing for Andrew, the other for Max. You and Brielle really need to pair up and get your eyes checked."
Aubree decided to keep quiet.
Fifteen minutes later, the car pulled up to the prison entrance. The gates were already open, with a uniformed man waiting to receive them. The very same man they'd seen earlier.
Without a word, the uniformed man looked at Dustin, his eyelashes fluttering downwards. "Mr. Lynch, you can go in to see Ms. Brielle, but this young lady..."
He glanced at Aubree with a troubled expression. Impatient as ever, she tried to barge right in. Dustin held her back. "You wait here. If anything happens to her, I'll turn this police station upside down, deal?" Aubree stopped in her tracks, never before had she seen Dustin so towering and impressive.
Dustin gave the uniformed man a sidelong glance and a slight chuckle. "Lead the way."
The man nodded and led them through the twists and turns of the prison, stopping finally at the door to Brielle's cell.
Dustin didn't enter right away but gave the uniformed man a meaningful look. He was different from the other guards, seemingly of a higher rank.
Dustin was raised in influential North American circles and was well-traveled. He was no stranger to domestic and international military bases, and moved in and out with ease.
The way this officer walked, back straight and footsteps light, he was a professional. Such a man shouldn't be guarding a small-time prison, let alone be stationed outside Brielle's cell.
Whose man was he?
Dustin smiled as the game was getting more interesting. He leaned in closer to study the man's face. The guard stepped back, his hand subconsciously moving towards his belt. "What are you trying to do, Mr. Lynch?"
Dustin didn't answer his question. "The Riddle family or the Dorsey family, whose side are you
Chapter 472
on?"
The Lynch family had stood strong in North America for years, and every member was formidable. Dustin himself was honored by foreign royalty and at the helm of Infinity Brilliance as CEO, and was far from a frivolous fool.
The guard stepped back, lowering his gaze. "I'm just a prison guard here, with a few men under my command. I'm not affiliated with any family, as you speculate."
Dustin stroked his chin, chuckling softly. "If you're not with any family, then you must belong to someone. Who might that be?"
Cursed in his mind, the guard dared not speak further. With Dustin's approach, the more you said, the more you erred.
Seeing the guard's sealed lips, Dustin glanced at the door. "Well, aren't you going to open it?"
Reluctantly, the guard took out his keys and unlocked the door. Dustin peeked inside to find Brielle sitting on a cot, looking as though she was about to nod off.
Brielle thought it was just another meal delivery and didn't even open her eyes. That was until a hand hovered near her nose as if checking for breath.
She furrowed her brows and looked up to see a face that shouldn't have been there. She might have thought it a hallucination, but even then, Dustin would be the last person she'd imagine.
Dustin waved a hand in front of her face. "What's the matter, stunned to see me?"
Brielle slid off the cot. "Mr. Lynch?"
Dustin raised an eyebrow, his lips curving slightly. "Yes, it's me. Someone asked me to check in on you and claimed you were mistreated. But here you are, looking fine and dandy." His gaze swept over her, ensuring she was unharmed, before taking a seat.
"Who asked you to come?"
Dustin's eyes held a playful glint, "Certainly not Max."
It had to be Aubree, then. Brielle lowered her gaze, biting her lip, feeling a sharp pain in her
heart.
Dustin surveyed the room. It was small, yes, but securing such a space in a prison was no small feat. He didn't know the details, but someone was protecting Brielle, and that uniformed man at the door was their agent.
"Mr. Lynch, when you leave, tell Aubree I'm alright."
"You're not coming with me?"
Dustin's brow wrinkled, a pang of pity striking him at the sight of her suffering. If Max couldn't protect her, then Dustin would take her out of the country. Once they were gone, the sky was the limit. She could do whatever she wanted.
Chapter 4/2
Brielle's face paled; a headache was throbbing. "I can't leave. Even if I did, where would I go?"
###Chapter 473
Chapter 473
Michael had the power to throw her into that mess once: he could very well do it again. And if they found out she was MIA from her personal prison, who's to say what he'd get up to next?
The Dorsey clan, the Barnes bunch, the Rowland gang they were all eyeing her like a pack of wolves circling their prey. Maybe, just maybe, sticking around here was the safer bet. Dustin didn't press her for answers. After all, a girl who could rake in a cool billion at the blackjack tables in one night wasn't without resources. She had her reasons for staying put.
"Little Bri," he said, his voice casual but firm. "I'll leave my digits with that uniformed dude at the door. If you ever get cold feet or whatever, give me a ring. The Lynch turf ain't in Beaconsfield, but keeping a lady safe? That's a cakewalk for us."
He pondered for a second, then nonchalantly ruffled her hair like she was a pet bunny or something. "Besides, I kinda dig being your knight in shining armor, if..." he added, trailing off before he could finish the thought. A rare hint of melancholy flickered across his eyes.
"Anyway, if you smell trouble brewing, have that guy outside give me a shout. Can't quite peg who he's rolling with, but he seems to mean you no harm."
"Mr. Lynch, thank you," Brielle said, heartfelt gratitude lacing her voice. Through all the time she'd known Dustin, with his rep and all, he'd been nothing but good to her. He had never crossed a line. There was no further hesitation from Dustin. With Aubree waiting at the door, he didn't want to give her the wrong idea by lingering. “Alright, I'm out. Remember, hit me up if things get too hot to handle." Brielle felt a lump in her throat, her eyes misting over.
At-the door, Dustin paused, then turned back and pulled her into a hug. Brielle stiffened, caught off guard, but he simply patted her back - a gesture devoid of any untoward intent, perhaps a reaction to the bruises on her neck.
It was brief, and the
he was standing straight again. With any other guy. Brielle would've fought back, even in her weakened state, like she had with Spencer. But with Dustin, it was different. There was this vibe of utter tranquility between them from the get-go.
He was open with her, letting her know the kind of man he was. So straightforward it disarmed any need for guards.
Dustin reached the door and slowly closed it behind him. The uniformed man seemed more on, edge, eyeing him like a hawk, muscles tensed as if ready to throw a punch at any second. The guy's hostility had ramped up a notch.
Dustin raised an eyebrow, sensing something, and curved his lips into a half-smile. He fished out a business card from his pocket and handed it over. "My number, for little Bri."
1/2
11:55
The uniformed man stayed silent and didn't take it at first.
"What's up? Your boss doesn't want guys getting close to little Bri?" Dustin mused, his sharpness catching even the slightest hesitation.
The man hurriedly took the card, lips pressed into a thin line, clearly itching to see Dustin off.
Dustin wasn't fazed. He strolled out to where Aubree sat on a bench, anxiety written all over her
face.
"Mr. Lynch Aubree bounced up and hurried over. "How's Bri? Is she-
Let's talk in the car."
With a tone as cool as the evening breeze, Dustin glanced around and stepped outside, Aubree hot on his heels. Once the car door shut, she saw him slip into contemplation, his finger tapping the steering wheel rhythmically.
"Bri's holding up well. No need to worry."
Aubree's tension melted away, and her eyes reddened as she unclenched her fists. She felt a sour sting in her nose.
"Aubree, when you were at Dorsey International, did you see Max?"
At the mention of Max, Aubree's expression soured. "Yeah, I saw him. He and Alivia were all cozied up. Looks like they're tying the knot soon. Good for him. He finally shook Bri off his tail" Dustin lounged back, fingers still playing on the wheel. "Really? How's Max doing? Didn't I hear he got banged up?"
"He seemed better than ever. Shame Ryan didn't finish the job."
Dustin squinted a smile. "As long as he's doing fine. Little Bri seems to be worried sick for the guy. If he bit the dust, she'd be a hundred times more miserable."
Aubree went silent, swallowed by sadness. Women often lacked the ruthlessness of men. Aubree despised Andrew, but the pain of hating him was nothing compared to the agony of him being gone from this world. No matter the hate, she wished he was still breathing.
If only love had an off switch, to easily retract all feelings without a trace. If such a thing existed, she'd trade the world for it.
###Chapter 474
Chapter 474
Inside the Dorsey Tower.
Max had barely set foot on the top floor when he caught sight of a figure from behind. Had Spencer been there, he would have instantly recognized her. It was Sydney,
Sydney's recent sartorial choices were a carbon copy of Brielle's minimalist chic. Her original style was bright and bubbly - a drastic shift that sparked quite the buzz among her colleagues, But Sydney couldn't care less about the chatter. Catching a ulimpse of Max, a flash of delight swept through her eyes. It wasn't for nothing that she'd been frequenting the top floor.
After snagging a few million from Spencer, she had revamped her image. Even her wardrobe mimicked Brielle's. To an outsider unfamiliar with both Sydney and Brielle, Sydney's silhouette could've easily been mistaken for Brielle's.
Didn't Max and Spencer both have a penchant for such elegance? With her persistent presence, perhaps Mr. Dorsey might just take a shine to her.
Sydney noticed Max's glance and curved her lips into a smile. However, Max merely spared her a fleeting look before emotionlessly stepping into his office.
Sydney's face fell. What went wrong? Why didn't he linger on her a moment longer?
These past few days, Spencer hadn't reached out to her either. She was on edge, worrying that things were slipping out of her control.
Her focus had drifted from her job, consumed by the thought of winning Spencer's attention and usurping Brielle in his and Mr. Dorsey's esteem. Sydney believed In her eventual triumph. Brielle hadn't been to the office in days who knew which man she had run off with this time? She was even pregnant, truly nothing but loose morals Incarnate.
Sydney snorted dismissively and returned to her department in her tailored outfit.
She keenly noticed fewer people engaging with her, aware of the whispers about her mimicking Brielle. Brielle's distinctive personal style was starkly different from Sydney's usual look.
This abrupt change, coupled with her new role as Brielle's assistant, had tongues wagging, but she was oblivious to their stares. After all, she had hooked up with Spencer - perhaps one day. She would even marry into the family.
Sneaking into Brielle's office in her absence, Sydney would sit at the desk as if she was already slipping into Brielle's shoes. It was only a matter of time. Brielle, with her pregnant frame, couldn't possibly continue to entice Max.
Upon entering his office, Max massaged his temples, the headache persisting. "Patrick."
At his call, the ever-ready assistant approached.
Chapter 474
"How's the investigation going?"
"Mr. President, we're nearly there."
Max leaned back, eyes half-closed, his aura cool and detached. Looking paler than usual, he was even more inscrutable, his thoughts a mystery.
Patrick hesitated, ultimately holding his tongue.
Minutes later, Max's eyes opened as his phone rang. It was Michael. Assuming Max was already back at the company, Michael naturally wanted to discuss the vacant position left by Brielle's absence, inevitably bringing her up.
"Max, with Brielle in jail, she can't continue as the director. It's time for Spencer to step back in. He's a Dorsey, after all. It's unseemly to have a woman overshadowing him like this."
Max, who had been flipping through documents, paused at Michael's words. "I had Spencer step down not because of anything else but his lack of competence."
*Competence can be nurtured, but character flaws? Those are marrow-deep."
*Father, you're saying I should just remove Brielle from the director position. Is that enough?"
Michael had feared Max's reluctance, given that Brielle was his protégé. Michael even suspectec that there was something between them, so Max's quick agreement left Michael momentarily at a loss.
"Father?"
Max called out, his voice still even-keeled. "Did you ever look into why Brielle and Spencer came to blows?"
His tone was unchanged even when speaking of Brielle as if she was merely a stranger.
"It's likely just some romantic tiff."
"Have you considered, father, that keeping Brielle locked away might not be wise? The position of director at Dorsey International is coveted by many. It started with Spencer stepping down for Brielle to step up, and now it's reversed. Everyone is curious about the drama. And if Brielle dnocn't recurface coon they'll start suspecting us of foul play."
###Chapter 475
Chapter 475
Michael never really pondered the implications of the situation; his mind was set on keeping things under wraps. Yet, he was well aware that some folks just couldn't keep their lips sealed. "Max, what do you reckon we do? You can't bear to let Brielle go, can you?" Michael's tone. carried a hint of sternness. If Max hesitated, Michael was resolute about not letting Brielle off
the hook.
"Dad, I'm simply looking at the facts. Sure, we can remove Brielle from her position-after all, Dorsey International is our family's turf. But she's built a reputation in her department. Event fabricating a resignation letter might not stop the chatter. As for the mess with William and Sue, we've already leaned on the police and gagged some of the press. If we keep this up, it'll only draw suspicion from the higher- ups. There's been a shake-up in their ranks recently-new faces in, old ones out. The new broom sweeps clean, and the Dorsey family's reputation can't afford a single misstep."
Michael squinted, considering the recent shift in power and the truth in the saying about new officials making big changes. The debacle William stirred up had been a major
embarrassment, and now, with Spencer's predicament, it was likely to grab unwanted attention.
Max's words, though-purely ive and in the family's best interest-caused Michael ant instant headache.
"Wouldn't stripping Brielle of her title let her off easy? Thanks to her, Spencer ended up in the ER."
"Since it's all about emotions, and with Spencer's wedding around the corner, consider that chapter closed. As for Brielle, she's nothing without her job. Cut her off from Dorsey International, and she's done for. That's a more bitter pill to swallow than mere confinement. She's a tough cookie, but it's the softest cuts that hurt the most."
A flicker of satisfaction crossed Michael's eyes, and his lips curled into a faint smile. "Follow your plan then. I'll have someone notify the police to hold her for two more days, then release her. As you said, once fired, we'll make sure she can't find work anywhere else: She'll have no choice but to leave the country."
"Exactly my point, Father."
Michael sighed, immensely pleased with the strategy. Max always handled things without personal feelings, and his indifference toward Brielle reassured Michael.
After hanging up, Max couldn't help but cough, the action stirring the chaos in his mind. Discharging himself from the hospital after only three days was pushing it. Patrick rushed over with a cup of warm water. "Mr. Dorsey, maybe you should head back to the hospital for a bit more rest?"
1/2
11:55
Chapter 475
But Max shook his head, ignoring the water and closing his laptop. "Move this afternoon's meeting up, and convert all meetings in the next three days to virtual." Patrick complied without protest.
Meanwhile, Alivia lingered on the top floor. She intended to visit Max's office but knew better than to interrupt him. Instead, she strolled through Dorsey Tower and made her way to Brielle's department. There, she spotted Sydney, dressed to the nines, just like Brielle. Alivia smirked internally. approaching Sydney and tapping on her desk.
"Hello there."
Sydney looked up, a flash of admiration passing through her eyes at the sight of Alivia. The media had been all abuzz about her, touting her as a golden girl, her achievements surpassing
many men.
Sydney was contemptuous of such praise. In her opinion, a woman's place was to keep a man happy in bed-that was all it took. Like with Spencer, Sydney made him happy, and he showered her with more money than she could ever earn on her own.
However, facing Alivia, Sydney felt a sense of inferiority and quickly stood up. "Ms. Alivia, hello. Are you looking for someone?"
Alivia smiled gently. "Actually, I'm here to see you. Do you have a moment? I'd like to have a word with you.
A look of discomfort crossed Sydney's face, and she was genuinely clueless as to what Alivia might want to discuss. This was their first encounter, and Sydney didn't see any need for a
chat.
But this was Alivia, someone she dared not offend, and whom she knew she must treat with
utmost care.
###Chapter 476
Chapter 476
"Alright, how about we hit the coffee shop outside Dorsey Tower? It should be pretty quiet there now."
"No need. It's the middle of the workday. I'll only take a few minutes of your time.
Sydney breathed a sigh of relief, "Ms. Alivia, please pick a spot then."
With a gentle smile to the passersby, Alivia headed out first, her heels clicking against the floor. Sydney had no choice but to follow. She thought Alivia would lead her to the break room, but she was wrong. Instead, Alivia entered the ladies' room.
Reluctantly, Sydney followed.
Alivia stood before the mirror, looking back at her. "Lock the door."
Sydney felt like a maid, but she complied.
Once the door was locked, Alivia's smile grew wider. She gestured towards the stalls. "Check if there's anyone inside." Her caution was habitual.
Sydney's face twisted in displeasure. She acknowledged Alivia's high status, but why should she be ordered around like some servant? It was infuriating.
But despite her inner resistance, she didn't dare make a scene and started checking the stalls.
Empty.
"There's no one here, Ms. Alivia."
The softness on Alivia's face faded away, replaced by a piercing gaze that made Sydney's skin crawl. "What do you know about Brielle? I won't tolerate a single lie."
The confrontational stance made Sydney nervous. "Ms. Alivia, that's none of your business."
As soon as the words left her mouth, Alivia's hand flew up and slapped her across the face. "I don't appreciate defiance. Remember your place. You're not even worthy to look me in the eye when you speak," Alivia hissed.
Sydney's lips bled from the blow. She stared at Alivia in disbelief, her body trembling with fear at the malice in Alivia's eyes.
Alivia tilted her chin up, her eyes flickering with disdain. "Answer my questions, and perhaps things will go smoother for you." Sydney's lips quivered, too scared to meet her gaze.
In front of peers, Alivia might have kept up appearances, but with Sydney? She wasn't worth a shred of kindness.
Sydney's hand clenched at her side. Humiliated and powerless, she whispered, "Brielle... she's
102
11:55
Chapter 476
pregnant. Don't know who the father is."
"Who else have you told?"
"Mr. Spencer. He asked me to keep an eye on Brielle. He's the only one who knows."
A glint of satisfaction flashed in Alivia's eyes. She patted Sydney's face mockingly. "Change out of those hideous clothes. If I catch you in them again, I'll have someone waiting on your route to work to strip you clean."
Her smile was chilling.
Sydney's legs gave out, and she crumpled to the floor.
Alivia turned to the sink, washing her hands as if touching Sydney had soiled her.
Sydney shook uncontrollably, biting back any protest.
Alivia dried her hands and strode out, only to freeze at the sight of someone in the corridor. It's. Max. He shouldn't have been there. Her heart raced. How long had he been standing there?
She had assumed the ladies' room was a sanctuary, not expecting anyone to linger outside. If Max had been there from the start, he might have heard everything.
Alivia clenched her fists, her eyes darting to the men's room where Andrew was emerging with a cigarette between his fingers. Seeing Alivia, he raised an eyebrow. "What are you doing here?" Words failed'her, panic overwhelming her as she scanned Max's expression.
Max casually fiddled with his phone, frowning at Andrew. "What took you so long?"
Andrew gestured to his half-smoked cigarette. "Couldn't find a smoking area on this floor. And you, the big boss, don't know where it is either? But, wait, did I hear some argument, or was it just me?"
###Chapter 477
Chapter 477
Andrew hadn't meant to cause a stir when he popped over to see Max. Hearing that his buddy. was out of the hospital he just wanted to make sure everything was on the up and up.
But as luck would have it. Max was caught up in a last-minute meeting, and with the top-floor conference room snagged by another team, they had to settle for a space on this floor. Max ran into Andrew, who asked after his health, but Max barely had time to exchange pleasantries before Andrew had to duck out to the men's room to curb an Itch for a smoke. What Andrew hadn't banked on was running into Alivia there.
Alivia was a bundle of nerves at Andrew's words, shaking like a leaf in a storm. All her life, she'd never known such panic. It was the kind of dread you felt when you were about to be exposed, when that beautiful veil was lifted to reveal the writhing maggots beneath.
And for her, the most terrifying part was that the one lifting the veil was her greatest love. That was a truth she couldn't face.
Her fingertips quivered, her cheeks drained of color.
Max, with a sense of impatience, just pocketed his phone and muttered. "Didn't notice a thing."
Andrew was left doubting himself. Had he misheard?
Alivia sighed with relief at Max's response. "Right," she thought. Her voice had been soft, and Max was absorbed in his phone, probably wrangling some work issue. He was so engrossed in his world. How could he notice anything amiss?
"Lucky break," she mused. But she couldn't afford to be careless next time.
Before she could fully relax, Sydney emerged from within.
With a cheek sporting a vivid handprint, Sydney shrank at the sight of Alivia still lingering. Her face blanched, and her instinct to beg for mercy was nearly overwhelming.
But Alivia was quicker, feigning concern. "Are you alright, dear? Did someone bully you?" She reached out to Sydney, who recoiled in fright.
With her back against the wall, Sydney saw the icy look on Alivia's face and noted Max with another man. She realized Alivia was putting on an act, a sickening charade. Yet she couldn't call her out; she had to play along.
"I'm fine, just feeling a bit under the weather. I'll just rest a bit," Sydney said, her voice barely above a whisper.
Alivia's expression softened as she gently patted Sydney's shoulder. "Take care of yourself. If you're facing any bullying at work, report it to your supervisor. Don't suffer in silence. Only then can you get the help you need."
Sydney shuddered involuntarily at Alivia's touch, as chilling as a serpent's hiss. Terrified, she
1/2
11:55
murmured, "Mr. Dorsey, Ms. Alivia, I'll head back to my desk now."
Without waiting for a response, Sydney bolted.
Watching Sydney's retreat, Alivia's eyes were inscrutable. But as she turned back to Max, her face was all warm again. "Max, sure you don't need more rest? You look rather pale."
"I'm fine."
Max's tone was dismissive, and his phone rang, signaling the start of the meeting. Patrick was wondering where he was.
Max glanced at Andrew and said, "Meeting will wrap up in half an hour."
Andrew nodded, a cigarette dangling from his lips, his voice casual, "Okay. Kenzo is at Premier Palace already. I'm just here to pick you up. You go do your stuff. I'll wait."
"Oh. Looks like you and Alivia are in sync, both dropping by the office today. It'll be quite the scene if you guys don't tie the knot. Even Michael seems antsy. But he's off courting the Rowland family today, trying to set up Spencer with Sophia. Go figure."
Max stepped ahead and replied with even more indifference, "Dad wants someone to keep him in check."
"So Spencer settles down, and you're next in line, huh?"
"Possibly."
Alivia's heart soared at his words. Was he agreeing to marriage? Her hands were sweaty with anticipation, and she couldn't help but fixate on Max's retreating figure.
Andrew, removing the cigarette from his mouth, grinned. "Looks like your patience paid off, Ms. Alivia. Good things come to those who wait."
Alivia's breath quickened, her lips curling into a smile. "And how about your wedding with Tessa? Must be soon, right?"
"Yeah, getting close. She's keen on meeting new people lately and even brought up marriage."
At the mention of marriage, Andrew's mind wandered to Aubree, who kept calling him. His brow furrowed with annoyance.
###Chapter 478
Chapter 478
Aubree had been trying to reach him numerous times lately because of some issues with Brielle, but he hadn't picked up the phone even once.
Still, he hadn't blocked her number.
Honestly, if he wanted to avoid Aubree's calls, he could have just blocked her, but ever since they'd been whatever it was they were, he'd almost never blocked her number.
The one time he did, he wanted to spend his birthday alone with Tessa. Poor Aubree got stuck at the restaurant and got caught in a torrential downpour and a traffic jam, all while clutching the birthday cake she'd bought for him. She had called him twenty times. Eventually, he grew so irked and Tessa's mood was soured by the interruptions-that he blocked Aubree's number.
That night, he slept with Tessa in his arms, only to find out later that Aubree had waited for him all night downstairs, holding that birthday cake. But Andrew wasn't moved by her gesture; he even thought it was all pointless.
Because of that block, Aubree refused to let him touch her for half a year, and only then did he realize the gravity of his action. After he slept with her again and sweet-talked his way back into her good graces, he unblocked her.
Since then, Andrew never blocked Aubree again, as if afraid she'd really get angry.
What would happen to Aubree if he married Tessa? He subconsciously shied away from the thought.
Alivia's voice broke into his reverie. "Andrew, did you know Max always had this woman named Brielle by his side?"
Did these people know about Brielle and Max being together during her time abroad?
Andrew chuckled, "Ah, the canary you're talking about? A canary's just a canary. If it can't bring joy, it's only going to be tossed aside. Max has come to his senses upon waking up this time. hasn't he? He's ready to marry you now. What more do you want?"
Alivia knew he had a point, but she still felt uneasy. "Max doesn't talk about her because he had amnesia after the accident. I'm worried that if he sees Brielle again, he'll-"
Andrew was stunned. Amnesia? How had he not noticed?
He thought Max hadn't mentioned Brielle simply because he wanted to marry Alivia in peace. deciding to cut ties with Brielle. But did Max have amnesia?
"Are you sure? He doesn't seem like he's lost his memory, though. He does sometimes rub his temples as if he's got a headache."
"Yes, I'm certain."
1/2
11:56
Otherwise, why would he have shown no reaction when she deleted Brielle's contact from his phone? To the Max of today, Brielle never existed in his life, so of course, he wouldn't find it odd or question her. Aside from worrying about Max's health, Andrew didn't say much else. Forgetting Brielle was no big deal, especially for two people who were never meant to be together. Better forgotten, perhaps. “Alivia, you should know you're the one best suited for Max. We've all known each other since we were kids, and after all these years, everyone sees you two as the couple that should be married."
With that. Alivia finally felt at ease. Even if people found out about Brielle and Max, nobody supported them.
Her lips curved into a smile as she started to chat with Andrew about other things.
Meanwhile, Max had reached the conference room door, where Patrick, seeing him, let out at sigh of relief.
Just as he was about to speak, Max coughed twice. His face was even paler, and he grasped at his chest.
Patrick jumped. "Let's switch the meeting to virtual. You can join from the Premier Palace online and have a doctor check you out. You're looking very pale."
Max wanted to refuse, but as he opened his mouth, he tasted blood. His brow furrowed, and taking the handkerchief Patrick offered, he wiped his mouth, noticing the specks of blood on the fabric.
At this, Patrick didn't dare let him go into the meeting and hurriedly called a doctor. Max didn't resist any longer and was helped into the car.
As he settled into the seat, Andrew opened the car door, his forehead beaded with sweat from anxiety. Seeing Max's calm demeanor just made him more frustrated.
"Patrick said you coughed up blood?"
Max coughed again as soon as he finished speaking, faintly covering, his mouth. His handkerchief was stained with more blood.
Andrew's voice dropped to a whisper, his face turning ashen-paler than Max's. "Patrick, hurry, drive to the hospital." If they delayed any longer. It could be a matter of life and death.
Alivia stood outside the car, wanting to join them, but Max's gaze didn't turn to her. He closed his eyes instead.
Andrew offered her a reassuring smile. "Max is just being stubborn. He probably doesn't want you to see him like this. I'll take him to the hospital. You've been caring for him a lot lately. Better you go home and rest. You don't want to end up with dark circles under your eyes."
Concerned, Alivia looked at Max, who remained impassive. "Alivia, go home."
And so, she complied, leaving as instructed.
###Chapter 479
Chapter 479
The atmosphere in the car was as tense as a boardroom meeting gone wrong, and Andrew was itching for the sedan to make a beeline to the hospital already.
But as the vehicle sprang to life, Max spoke up. "Patrick, take us to the Premier Palace," he commanded.
Patrick, not one to cross Max, simply nodded.
Andrew, incredulously whipping his head around, blurted out, "Are you out of your mind? You're coughing up blood and want to go to the Premier Palace?!"
"Cough, cough, cough."
No sooner had Andrew finished his rant than Max started coughing again, hison
turning a shade paler.
Andrew clamped his mouth shut, grinding his teeth in frustration, and finally let out a resigned sigh. Fine, the Premier Palace had its own private doctors, which was a heck of a lot better. than staying cooped up in the office working overtime.
They reached the Premier Palace in no time, where a private physician was already waiting.
Max stepped out of the car and was promptly whisked away for a thorough check-up. The rest of the group in the living room wore grave expressions, dreading the doctor's verdict.
The doctor was on edge, too, understanding that coughing up blood wasn't a trivial matter; any serious diagnosis could throw the Dorsey family into disarray.
After the examination, the doctor breathed a sigh of relief. "It's just acute stress," he said. "Rest up, and take a couple of days off from the office. Stay home and recuperate."
Max, with his eyes closed, didn't respond. Andrew and Kenzo exchanged glances, noticing Max's unusual vulnerability. Neither wanted to say anything that might agitate him further, especially after the doctor's diagnosis.
Wesley, the butler, came in with a cup of calming tea and handed it carefully to Max. After a couple of sips, Max frowned. "I'm tired."
That was the signal for everyone to leave.
Kenzo's eyebrows knitted together, noting the lack of color in Max's lips. "Are you sure your don't need the hospital? Who gets discharged in three days with injuries like yours? What's the rush?"
Andrew chimed in with his agreement. "Yeah, let's head to the hospital now, Max. You look as pale as a ghost."
Max lifted his gaze, sweeping it over them, and then stood up, heading upstairs. "I'll have Patrick see you off."
1/3
11:56
Andrew's mouth twitched with annoyance, but with Max's dismissal clear, Andrew couldn't glue himself to the spot and stay.
"Look at him! Feels even colder than before, doesn't he? Is all this because he forgot Brielle?"
At the mention of Brielle, Kenzo's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Forgot Brielle?" he queried.
Andrew, ever the chatterbox, scoffed, "Your sister said so. Max woke up with amnesia, leaving Brielle in the dark. I reckon it's true; he's less human than ever."
Both men turned their questioning gaze to Patrick, who was trailing behind.
Patrick bowed respectfully, his answer watertight as ever. "I am not at liberty to discuss Mr. Dorsey's matters."
Andrew snorted. After all these years, Max's assistant was still a closed book. No wonder Max trusted him.
Knowing he'd get nothing out of Patrick, Andrew hopped into his convertible, ready to speed away. "Regardless of whether he forgot Brielle or not, it makes no difference to us. Patrick, just make sure he takes care of himself. If anything goes awry, Beaconsfield will have quite the stir." Andrew said before leaving.
Patrick's face remained respectful. "Mr. Clements, rest assured, I will take good care of the CEO."
With a nod, Andrew drove off in his convertible.
Kenzo stood for a moment, eyeing Patrick. Hewas the very image of composure, neither too humble nor arrogant-truly Max's man.
Kenzo chuckled to himself and got into his car, driving away.
Patrick sought out Max, who had just finished showering, droplets of water trickling down from his hair. "Have they left?"
"Yes."
Max walked to the window. "How much longer before everything is settled?"
"Two days at best. The paperwork is complex, but the lawyers are pushing things along."
Hmm.
Max's tone was indifferent, but he couldn't help another bout of coughing.
"Sir, you should really rest these next few days," Patrick urged. "We have a lot riding on your well-being, and there's the impending alliance with the Rowland family. A dinner between the families is in order." Max nodded, then pressed a hand to his temple before lying down on the bed.
Patrick turned off the light and quietly left the room.
2/3
11:56
Malay Pex had suctively reaching out beside him, only to embrace empty air. Hist
hast decat party, the taste of blood almost too much to bear.
TAUSA, CONS?, CON
A few coughs escaped him as he chiklishly stuffed a pillow into his arms, holding it tight as he drifted off to slee
###Chapter 480
Chapter 480
Two days later, at the prison.
Brielle was somewhat stunned when she was told she could leave. Lifting her gaze to the sunlight streaming through the prison gates, she involuntarily closed her eyes. It all felt so surreal; the light was so intense it almost brought tears to her eyes.
The room she had been staying in was dimly lit, and having spent time in solitary, she hadn't been bathed in sunlight like this for ages.
She awkwardly wiped her eyes as the man in uniform beside her returned her cell phone. "Ms. Brielle, the Dorsey family has decided not to pursue the matter further, and here's your resignation letter. Someone asked me to give this to you."
Resignation letter? Rubbing her eyes, Brielle took the brief document and saw Max's signature at the bottom. It felt like a thousand needles piercing straight into her heart. Her face turned pale as she clutched the paper tightly.
The uniformed man said nothing more and turned to re-enter the building.
Standing amidst the flood of light, Brielle could feel the warmth of the sun, yet she felt as if she were still in that dark cell, surrounded by shadow, and her mind a complete blank.
She sat down, lost and bewildered, only to see a car slowly approach and stop beside her. The car door opened, revealing Aubree's face, alight with surprise. "You're free! I couldn't believe it. when I got the call. I thought I was dreaming. How on earth did the Dorsey family let you off the hook?"
Brielle's eyes still held a touch of bewilderment, but she latched onto the key point in Aubree's
words.
"Who called you?"
with the Dorsey family> <
"A stranger, using your phone, told me to come pick you up and said you were released. What's
Why'd they let you go so easily? I heard Spencer just got out of the hospital two days ago, and now he's apparently getting engaged to Sophia, of all people. Talk about a plot twist."
It felt to Brielle as if she had been away from Beaconsfield for ages, completely out of touch with its current affairs.
Spencer and Sophia? How did these two unrelated people suddenly become a pair? Sophia was from her camp. She didn't know whether this was all a coincidence or if someone was orchestrating these events.
Curious about the document in Brielle's hand, Aubree took it and started cursing up a storm upon seeing the signed resignation letter. "That jerk! How could he be so heartless? You have his child and-" She stopped mid-sentence, her mouth snapping shut as she saw Brielle's eyes brim with tears.
1/2
11:56
Chapter 480
The discomfort was palpable.
"Bri, forget Dorsey International. We'll find you a job somewhere else. The sky's the limit, right? You don't need them to survive."
Brielle didn't respond and was about to get into the car when another vehicle pulled up in front. of her. Spencer stepped out, his expression neither bright nor dejected. He simply looked Brielle. over and asked, "Brielle, would you marry me?"
Her face instantly darkened, disgust clear in her eyes.
Spencer, expecting this reaction, continued, "Even If you don't want me, Uncle Max won't choose you either. Did you know? Tonight, the Dorsey family is dining with the Barnes and the Rowland families to discuss marriage. Uncle Max is getting hitched."
Brielle went pale, disbelief written all over her face. Her heart shattered, and her bones ground
to dust.
Spencer took pleasure in her pain, his own heart feeling a twisted sense of relief. Noticing the resignation letter in Brielle's hand, he smirked, "You probably don't know, but Uncle Max. personally requested your resignation. In his eyes, you're now just a stranger who hurt the Dorsey family. He has a hematoma, resulting in memory loss-he's forgotten you. Even if you showed up on his doorstep, he wouldn't spare you a second glance."
After delivering his piece, he looked at her despondently. "So, will you still choose him? If you marry me, I'll tell Grandfather right away. We'll put aside our past grievances and start over. You know, choosing me is your best option now."
"Get lost," Brielle said bluntly and got into Aubree's car.
Aubree responded to Spencer with a resounding middle finger.
Spencer stood still, chuckling at himself. He knew coming here was masochistic, yet he couldn't help but want to see Brielle. He was a glutton for punishment. Inside the car, Aubree cautiously watched Brielle's expression. So Max had forgotten Brielle-a dramatic turn of events that was actually playing out in real life. Swallowing hard, Aubree wasn't sure how to console her friend. Then, Brielle spoke up. "Can we find out where these families are meeting tonight?"
###Chapter 481
Chapter 481
The car came to a sudden, jarring halt.
Aubree turned her head to stare at Brielle, her brows knitting together in worry.
"Even if you did find out, what then? Do you think you can just show up on their doorstep? Didn't you hear what Spencer said? That's the Dorsey clan, the Rowland bunch, and the Barnes brigade meeting up. Any one of those families could squash you like a bug with a flick of their wrist. Are you really planning to beg Max to plead with him to remember you now? Bri, snap out of it. If he forgot you, it just proves he never loved you. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to erase you so completely."
"He just had an accident."
Brielle's lips pressed into a thin line, her trembling fingertips betraying her anxiety, "I heard about it when I was locked away, but I don't believe it. I need to see for myself." And these past few days, she felt she had braced herself for the truth.
"If he hasn't forgotten you, doesn't that make it even worse? He's about to marry Alivia. Bri, what the hell are you doing? Remember how you counseled me back then, or are you just dying to play the other woman? I'm messed up enough for the both of us. Why are you so eager to join the club? Why put yourself through this?" Aubree was truly getting heated now.
"He promised me, he wouldn't marry Alivia."
A trace of sadness flickered through Aubree's eyes, reflecting the hopelessness of a woman in love. Once smitten, it was like planting a tree in your heart, nurturing it into a towering oak whose roots invaded every corner of your being. To rip it out was to tear at every inch of your heart, and god, did it hurt.
Aubree knew this pain all too well, but her disillusionment with Andrew had reached saturation; even a flood wouldn't stir a ripple. She had grown numb to it.
But Brielle was different. Or at least, Aubree hoped she was.
"Men's promises are worth jack, Bri. Let's just get the hell out of Beaconsfield," she said, ready to slam on the gas pedal, sparks of fury in her eyes. She knew all too well how empty those promises could be. They might've felt genuine at the moment, but when they expired unfulfilled, they only served as bitter reminders of what could have been. It was better not to dwell on them, for the more you did, the more it hurt.
"If Max said he'll do something, he'll do it." Brielle's voice was soft but firm, echoing in the car, "And I believe he meant it. He gave me his rosary."
"Doesn't Alivia have one just like it? Haven't you ever asked why she has one too? With your guts, how could you not be curious about its origin? You're afraid to ask because you fear the answer might not be what you want, right?"
1/2
13:20
Chapter 481
Aubree's words struck a nerve. Brielle's face instantly paled, and her lips pressed together.
Aubree felt a twinge of cruelty for speaking so harshly, but she was already in too deep, and she definitely didn't want her best friend falling down the same hole.
Max was the of countless desires, but he didn't give any of them a second glance. How could he truly care for a woman of no standing?
He had toyed with Brielle's heart so effortlessly, and when he was done, he discarded it just as easily. His attitude had always been one of disdain, the kind that itched at your pride.
After saying her piece, Aubree thought Brielle would see reason. After all, when unsure of Max's feelings, the Brielle of old would guard her own heart well, never revealing a thing to
anyone.
But that was before she had been with Max. Not having been with him meant she had never fully seen herself. After all, one couldn't see their own reflection without something to bounce back against. It took colliding with a man like Max, so aloof from the world, for her to truly understand herself and realize what she longed for. Deep down, she yearned for someone to love her fiercely, to the end, to show her that love was as powerful as death.
There were so many love stories in the world. There were even people who could spend a lifetime together without even knowing each other's names. She didn't want that with Max. She didn't want such a pitiful ending, no more meaningful than a farcical play.
She lowered her lashes, a stubborn bite to her lip, and fell silent.
Aubree took her back to Pearl Estate. Noticing her friend's weary state, she found her a set of pajamas. "Take a good soak and get some rest. Once you're feeling better, we can talk about going abroad or whatever you want. The Dorsey family let you go, and with Max's reach, no other company will dare hire you."
Brielle's hand paused as she took the clothes, a faint attempt at a smile flickering at her lips. But she couldn't muster the expression no matter how hard she tried.
Chapter 482
###Chapter 482
Chapter 482
Was this really the end?
After losing an innocent child and being left scarred and bruised, Max was about to marry someone else a perfect ending for him, while she had been nothing more than a passerby in his eyes from the very beginning.
Brielle's head was pounding with a headache that only seemed to fade when Aubree pushed her into the bathtub. In the warmth of the water, she felt like she was coming back to life, yet she made no other move and simply soaked in the hot embrace.
Aubree stepped out of the bathroom and ordered some comfort food for delivery, then sat waiting for Brielle. Her eyes glanced at Brielle's phone on the counter, which had turned off automatically-probably hadn't been charged in days. She picked up the phone and plugged it in. After everything was set, she settled on the couch, waiting for Brielle to emerge.
During that time, Andrew called. Aubree frowned upon seeing the flashing name and dismissed the call without a second thought..
Andrew dialed again. He wasn't as heartless as he seemed. After being rejected once, twice, by the third call, Aubree gave in.
"What do you want?"
"Brielle's out of jail?"
Aubree let out a scoff, her lips curling with mockery, "Yeah, no thanks to you, Mr. Big Shot."
Andrew seemed unaffected by her scorn; instead, he lounged back, one leg bent, clad only in a bathrobe revealing his tanned skin in a way that could set pulses racing-if anyone were there to see it. Drying his hair, he asked casually, "Are you upset?"
Aubree's eyes brimmed with tears. It was always this way with him-slap you, then dangle a carrot in front of you. And she was already softening without even receiving that carrot yet.
That was the terrifying thing about love. It ate at you like ants on an elephant, leaving even Aubree disgusted by her own pitiful state.
"No, it's just your usual way. I'm used to it."
Andrew paused, sensing her tone, and sighed. "Aubree, how long are you planning to stay out this time? If you're going to forgive me eventually, why make a scene at all? Just come back. It's cold, and I'm freezing alone in bed."
That was Andrew for you-able to shrug off all of her heartache, regret, and sorrow with ease. But if Tessa so much as furrowed her brow, he'd move heaven and earth to make her happy. That was the difference between love and indifference.
Aubree wanted to say 'she'd never return, but instead, she looked down. "We'll see." Those words were probably the most hurtful thing she could muster.
1/2
13:20
Chapter 48Z
Andrew didn't push further. "I'll be waiting for you. I haven't changed the locks."
Aubree ended the call and slumped on the couch, staring blankly at the ceiling. She hadn't slept well since Brielle's incident. Now that Brielle was finally free, Aubree's tension was released, and fatigue washed over her from all sides. Yawning, she dozed off at the edge of the sofa.
Brielle spent an hour in the bath, and the house was quiet when she emerged. Aubree was asleep on the couch, her body slouched awkwardly.
The air conditioning was off, so Brielle turned it on. She did not want Aubree to catch a cold and fetched a blanket to cover her.
The food arrived. Brielle picked it up, noticing Aubree was still asleep. She had no appetite but warmed the food in pots anyway, so it'd be ready when Aubree woke.
As dusk approached, the sunset cast romantic shadows across the room. Brielle stood by the floor-to-ceiling window for a while before slipping on a coat and glancing back at Aubree.
Seeing her still asleep, Brielle let out a relieved sigh and tiptoed to the door, thinking she'd just sneak a peek. If she saw it with her own eyes, she could give up, free from any lingering thoughts.
And if she were rejected quietly, at least it wouldn't be too embarrassing-Aubree wouldn't know or be there to judge her. With that thought, Brielle closed the door behind her.
At the sound of the door shutting, Aubree's eyelashes fluttered, and she sighed, pulling a pillow into her embrace. She decided to pretend she knew nothing. Sometimes, you don't hit the brakes until you crash into a wall.
Brielle called Tiffanie for the address of the Dorsey family gathering. Tiffanie was quick to respond, sending the address directly to Brielle's phone, followed by a cautionary note. [A daring move, huh? Alivia's planning is tight tonight, intentionally setting the Barnes family gathering next door. Everyone knows what she's up to; Maxie's engagement to her is all but sealed. If you barge in now, it's suicide. You won't last a second against her.]
After a pause, another message came. [Just so you know, Brielle, if you go down in there, no one's coming to pick up the pieces-not the Dorseys, the Rowlands, or the Barnes. A flick of their fingers could crush you.]
[I thought I was bold, but you're outright mad. Ah well, madness be damned. If you don't act, Maxie's truly gone for good.]
Brielle gripped the steering wheel and floored the gas pedal.
###Chapter 483
Chapter 483
In the grand lobby of the hotel, the Dorsey clan had just met up with the Rowland folks.
Truth be told, this wasn't a gathering of three families. After all, when you were discussing nuptials, it was not exactly a group huddle situation.
The Dorseys and the Rowlands had already planned an early meeting here, and the Barnes clan happened to have booked the room next door, so all three ended up bumping into each other in the hallway. After exchanging pleasantries, the Dorseys and the Rowlands headed to the adjacent private dining room.
Alivia stood amidst the crowd, sneaking a glance at Max.
Tonight's main event wasn't about Spencer and Sophia. It was about her and Max. She had everything planned down to a T. With Max having forgotten all about Brielle, this was the perfect opportunity to strike. The engagement date had to be set tonight.
As for Spencer and Sophia, they were merely her backdrop. She was quite accustomed to using others as her stage setting. Besides, Spencer would stir the pot soon enough.
Everything would unfold according to plan.
Inside the dining room.
Max was poker-faced, while Spencer and Sophia sat at a considerable distance from each other, hardly looking like a couple about to get engaged.
Once the Dorsey party settled in, the Rowland party followed suit. Spencer and Sophia were arranged to sit together. If he couldn't marry Brielle, then who he married didn't matter. It wouldn't stop him from pursuing her. With the elders present, he simply watched them clinking glasses, eagerly anticipating the upcoming drama.
Sacrificing his own trivial marriage to ensure Brielle and Max would never be, seemed like a fair trade to Spencer. Otherwise, he wouldn't have obediently shown up tonight.
Spencer's gaze involuntarily drifted to Max, who held a cup of tea between his fingers. As he was still nursing his wounds, no one urged him to drink.
The affair with Ryan was known by few outside the families; it was said that Ryan was exiled for breaking the Dorsey's family rules. So, no one was aware of Max's injuries, but seeing him. with tea, no one came up to offer him a drink either.
Max held his cup, his gaze suddenly lifting to meet Spencer's in mid-air. Spencer stiffened, feeling uncomfortably transparent. He quickly averted his eyes, his expression turning pale as he looked away. The toasting went on for several rounds, both families appearing quite content. Tessa's father, Austin, stood up and respectfully toasted Michael.
1/2
13.30
Chapter 483
Half an hour later, the engagement date was set for the following Friday. The meal proceeded amicably, everything seeming to go smoothly.
Meanwhile, next door, the atmosphere was equally lively, with all members of the Barnes family present.
Alivia, sitting beside Kenzo, was the center of attention. Kenzo himself hadn't eaten much, quietly listening to the elders' conversation.
Both Alivia and Kenzo shone brightly among their peers, whether from the side branches or the Barnes' core family. As a young woman, Alivia was especially the pride of her lineage. Accustomed to being the belle of the ball, she wore a modest smile, basking in the
adoration of everyone around her.
Others looked on with envy, many wishing they could trade places with Alivia and experience
the life she led.
The mood was harmonious until someone broached the topic.
"Did you hear that the Dorseys and the Rowlands are discussing Spencer and Sophia's engagement next door?"
"Spencer's nearly onto his second fiancée, yet Max still hasn't popped the question to Alivia. After all these years, there's been constant talk of their imminent engagement, but no sign of it yet." "Could it be that Max has no intention of marrying at all?"
"What about Alivia then?"
The chatter grew louder. Some even boldly asked Alivia herself.
"Alivia, aren't they arranging Spencer's engagement next door? As the elder, why has Max delayed his engagement for so long? When are you two going to marry?"
Alivia's face stiffened, but she quickly regained her composure. Now that Max had completely forgotten Brielle, it was time to schedule their own wedding.
Her lips curved into a smile. "It should be very soon, depending on how Max wants to arrange
it."
"How soon? You've been saying that for years. Max has never acknowledged any fiancée; it's always been you chasing after him."
The speaker was a young college girl from one of the side branches, always overshadowed by Alivia and clearly resentful.
"If Max really liked you, he would've proposed by now. It wouldn't be dragging on like this. I think he just doesn't want to marry you."
The warm atmosphere chilled in an instant. The outspoken girl realized she might have gone too far and pursed her lips.
2/3
13:20
Chapter 483
Thinking of Brielle's exit from the picture, Alivia smiled icily, confident. "If Max isn't going to marry me, then who will he marry?"
###Chapter 484
Chapter 484
The girl was startled by Alivia's imposing presence, sweat beads quickly forming on her forehead. Having made a sarcastic remark towards Alivia in such a setting, she knew her days ahead would be anything but easy.
A flicker of amusement crossed Alivia's eyes - such impulsive fools were destined to be mere cannon fodder. She rose gracefully, cradling a cup of water in her hands. "Grandpa, uncles, Max was injured recently and isn't in the best of health, so he's not really up for moving around much. He's only here tonight to support Michael, so he won't be joining in the toasts. He just messaged me to come over, so I'll go and take this cup of water to them. You all enjoy your meal," she said with thoughtful consideration.
Each word subtly hinted at her close relationship with Max.
A glint of satisfaction shone in Jose's eyes as he chuckled, "You're not even married into the family yet, and already you're talking for them. Go ahead, and remind him to take it easy." Given his close relationship with Michael, Jose was well aware of Max's injury.
After stepping out of the room, Alivia smiled and paused to send a message to Austin. She and Tessa were friends, or at least that was what it seemed to others. And Austin, being Tessa's father, had always shown his fondness for her in subtle ways.
The Rowland family, one of the four major families in Beaconsfield, owed much of their stability to the early support from the Clements family. Thanks to Andrew's friendship with both Max and Kenzo, the Rowlands had indeed gained significant advantages.
On the surface, they were on equal footing with the other families, but in reality, the Rowlands were a step below the rest. Now, it was time to play this chess piece.
After sending the message, Alivia walked back through the door.
"Grandpa Jaxon, Grandpa Michael, I'm here on behalf of the elders to offer a toast to Spencer and Sophia," she said, holding a glass of light wine with a beaming smile as she approached Sophia. "Sophia, congratulations."
Sophia's lips twitched into a feigned look of delighted surprise. "Thank you, Alivia."
Alivia's gaze then shifted to Spencer, who, understanding the cue, looked eager to jump in.
Sure enough, Austin was the first to speak up. "Ms. Alivia, you have become the head of the research institute at such a young age. I hear the location is set. Is the government going to back it up next?" Alivia's face showed a touch of modesty as she gracefully made her way to Max's side, replying to Austin's query.
"The government funding is just a part of it. The most significant contribution still comes from Infinity Brilliance. They've invested billions to fully support the institute's growth. Talent
13:21
Chapter 484
from our international branches will gradually be transferred here, and my mentor will be guiding me throughout."
Among the younger generation, who wouldn't want to cling to Alivia now? It was a golden ticket into the institute, and coming out with its stamp was a matter of great prestige. The institute's value was internationally recognized, and even young people from other countries were vying for a chance to get in.
As the two bantered, Michael listened with growing approval of Alivia. "Alivia, once Max is healed up, I'll have him come over to ask for your hand," he declared.
A blush of demure femininity finally graced Alivia's cheeks as she glanced down at Max. Max held his teacup, appearing indifferent, as if the surroundings had nothing to do with him.
As the woman, Alivia was expected to show some reserve, so she turned to Austin.
Austin immediately raised his glass. "Michael, why not let the Dorsey family celebrate a double joy tonight?"
###Chapter 485
Chapter 485
Michael's eyes crinkled with mirth, the very idea tickling him pink. The place was buzzing with energy, and since everyone from the inner circle was gathered, why not have Max pop next door and toast to the crowd? They could even hammer out the details of the wedding.
With the three major families witnessing the union, they'd be tied together, sailing on the same ship, so to speak.
A glint of amusement flashed through Alivia's eyes. With Max's memory a blank slate, Michael fanning the flames, and the festive atmosphere, the odds were in her favor that he'd
say yes.
After all, he had said before that he'd marry her if there were no other contenders for his heart. And now, wasn't his heart free of any other shadows?
Hope sparkled in her eyes as she looked at Max.
Realizing perhaps he should consult Max first, Michael clapped him on the shoulder. "Max, what do you think? Spencer's already locked down his date, and you being the elder, it wouldn't make sense for him to beat you to the punch. I say you get engaged before him-Spencer's set for next Friday; how about we pencil you in for next Monday? We've still got time to make an announcement."
Spencer, sitting nearby, practically glowed with excitement. If Max and Alivia got engaged, Brielle would be out of the picture for good.
Alivia saw that the stage was set and spoke softly. "Max, what about getting engaged next Monday? If you're not keen, we can pick another date. I won't pressure you-I've waited all these years, and a little longer won't make a difference."
She let her deep affection show while letting Michael see just how much Max meant to her. With her stature and status, having waited all these years, there was no one more fitting for Max in the world than her.
Her goal for the evening was to leverage Max's amnesia to rush the engagement. This way, it would be too late to change anything, even if he regained his memories. Max was a man of his word. Having made a promise in front of so many, he wouldn't back down or cause her any embarrassment.
Alivia smiled as Spencer chimed in. "Grandpa, you're right. Uncle Max is my elder, so it's only proper for him to get engaged before me. It wouldn't sit right with me otherwise. Plus, we've all seen how Ms. Alivia feels about Uncle Max over the years. I reckon there's no need to delay their engagement any further. That way, I can focus on my plans with Sophia."
Michael's excitement grew with each word. Max's marriage had been his greatest concern over the years. If the two could finally settle down, his heaviest burden would be lifted.
With that, all eyes turned to Max, awaiting his response.
13:21
Chapter 485
Max rubbed his temples, a look of quiet exasperation on his face, probably a headache brewing. Just as he was about to speak, the door to the private room swung open. Everyone expected members of the Barnes family to join, which would be perfect for exchanging toasts and fostering closer ties.
But it wasn't a Barnes who entered-it was Brielle. Behind her stood Patrick, his face a mix of frustration and resignation, as if he tried to stop her but failed. Brielle paused at the doorway, her gaze sweeping over each person in the room, finally resting on Max. Her voice was slow and resolute, "He won't agree."
###Chapter 486
Chapter 486
Alivia arched an eyebrow, at first thinking she must have seen wrong. Brielle was here?
But of what use was her arrival? Max had long since forgotten her. Brielle's courageous venture here was nothing short of a self-inflicted humiliation.
A smirk played at the corners of Alivia's lips as she feigned ignorance. "I'm sorry, who are you?"
Given the recent media frenzy involving Dorsey International, everyone in the room knew Brielle. They had all heard something about it. But why was Brielle showing up at this critical juncture? And what did that statement mean? Those in the dark wore puzzled looks in their
eyes.
Max held a teacup in his hand, his gaze drifting past the crowd to settle on her. She stood alone, but her presence rivaled anyone in the room. With a slight smile on his lips, Max's fingertips grazed the rim of his cup, silently sanding it, wordless.
Alivia, on the other hand, almost laughed out loud. How foolish was Brielle to show up now?
The Dorsey and Rowland clans occupied the room, Max had lost his memory, and not a soul was on Brielle's side. Yet here she was, marching in alone, the epitome of foolishness, just like the expendable girl from moments before. It seemed Alivia wouldn't need to employ any more schemes; Brielle was about to be thoroughly ousted today.
"I remember now, I've seen you at Dorsey International. You're Ms. Haywood, right? But hasn't Max already let you go? If you disagree with that decision, you might consider filing a labor dispute. There's really no need to show up here now."
Brielle lifted her gaze, fixing Alivia with an unflinching stare. "Ms. Alivia, my presence here has nothing to do with whether or not I'm a director at Dorsey International. I'm here strictly on a personal matter. Otherwise, my boyfriend might end up engaged to someone else."
The mirth in Alivia's eyes deepened, her disdain internal. Boyfriend? Was that what Brielle told herself? Sadly, Max had never seen her as a girlfriend, merely a fling to stave off loneliness, never a public affair. And here she was, shamelessly asserting they were an item. How laughable.
So eager, so lowly.
Alivia's lips twisted into a knowing smile. She was well aware of who Brielle was referring to, yet her gaze deliberately sought out Spencer.
"Spencer, is this your girlfriend?"
Alivia and Spencer had already conspired about tonight's events, ostensibly for the Dorsey and Rowland families but truly for her and Max. Their engagement was to be settled this evening, yet neither had anticipated Brielle's brazen arrival.
In their eyes, Brielle was no different from an ant. An ant daring to show up uninvited was
1/2
13:21
pter
truly a death wish. It was a wonder who had given her the courage.
Spencer quickly stood. "Brielle, are you here for me?"
Before she could reply, he turned to Michael. 'Grandpa, I'm sorry. I should have handled this better."
With Spencer's admission and Brielle's earlier declaration, the crowd was convinced she was there for Spencer. At that moment, Spencer even stood and approached Brielle. “Bri, let's not make a scene. We can talk about this in private."
Spencer truly believed Brielle had come for him, especially since he had just asked her if she would marry him that morning. Now that Brielle had shown up so eagerly, wasn't it clear she was considering their relationship?
Spencer was ecstatic, thinking Brielle had finally come around. Max was bound to leave her sooner or later-perhaps even tonight, as his engagement to Alivia was confirmed. Brielle was destined to be cast aside. Seeking refuge in his arms was her best choice.
His gaze softened. Brielle had come all this way just to stop his engagement to Sophia. It seemed he'd have to treat her better from now on. He even swore in his heart never to let her down again, to cut ties with other women and build a proper life with her.
He reached out to take her hand, but Brielle walked right past him, heading straight for Max. "My boyfriend is Max.
Her tone was calm, composed, and resounding. She didn't look at anyone else. The mockery and disdain of others couldn't stir the waters of her resolve. She was here for Max, and only his opinion mattered. Brielle's affection was always simple and pure. Even if barriers of time and distance, storms and mountains stood between them, she would fight for what she wanted. She was confident enough to overcome any obstacle. But if he didn't return her feelings, she probably wouldn't even have the strength to take a step.
If she didn't speak up tonight, she would lose her chance with Max forever. She had to try, to avoid a lifetime of regret.
"Have you lost your mind?"
Spencer stood behind her, utterly baffled, as Brielle walked past him without hesitation to approach another. He was stunned.
###Chapter 487
Chapter 487
The moment Brielle declared Max as her boyfriend in front of the gathered crowd, it felt like a knife twisted in Spencer's heart, draining all color from his face.
She had to be out of her mind, stirring up such drama. Didn't she realize the consequences of her words? Spencer doubted she could even leave this room tonight.
Yet, after her bold claim, Brielle strode up to Max, her gaze unwavering as she approached him. She lifted her wrist, revealing a rosary bracelet that gleamed against her skin for all to see. Even Michael's eyelids twitched at the sight.
But Brielle didn't look at anyone else as she extended her wrist towards Max. "You put this on me yourself. If you're truly set on getting engaged to her, then you take it off," she said.
If he did just that, she wouldn't say another word. She'd walk out of here, spine straight, step by step, as if she'd never come tonight.
Why should she feel ashamed? She had less to lose than anyone here - less heritage, fewer connections. If she didn't even have the courage to speak up now, she'd already lost in every possible way. Alivia's eyes flashed coldly at the sight of the rosary. She had suspected that Max had given it to Brielle, but seeing it now still jarred her to the bone. Her heart sneered, but her face feigned surprise. "My rosary went missing recently. It seems Ms. Brielle found it. But why ask Max about it now?"
Her feigned confusion convinced everyone. Alivia had lost her rosary, and Max wouldn't give his rosary to just any woman. Brielle must have found it by chance, and now she was here, making a scene over a delusion.
The eyes in the room shifted, a mosaic of changing expressions.
Among the Rowland family, some reveled in the drama while others enjoyed the spectacle. But on the Dorsey side, the faces were far more complex. Michael coughed lightly. "Well, if it's lost and found, it should be returned to its rightful owner. Alivia, be more careful next
time. We wouldn't want someone to take advantage of the situation."
He then turned to Max. "Max, you can discuss Ms. Brielle's dismissal later. For tonight, let's not mix business with pleasure. Patrick, would you escort Ms. Brielle out?"
Alivia sneered. What could hurt more than your beloved cutting you deep? She wanted Brielle not just out of the picture but utterly humiliated.
Alivia looked tenderly at her own bare wrist. "Max, maybe you should take it off, just to be
sure."
Max's breath hitched slightly at her words, his fingertips inching towards Brielle's wrist.
Brielle's heart skipped, and she couldn't help but press her other hand over his cool, seemingly emotionless fingers.
1/2
13:21
Chapter 487
Was he really going to remove the rosary? To take it off himself and hand it to another
woman would that be the perfect ending?
Brielle's eyes lowered, the rims reddening despite her calm demeanor. "Are you sure you want
to take it?" Her voice was steady though, betraying no signs of weakness.
Behind Brielle, Alivia's soft laughter filled the air. She didn't need to say a word; she had already won decisively. She had always been right to dismiss Brielle. The woman had foolishly shown up unprepared, her dignity at the mercy of others. It was no wonder she was looked down upon.
Alivia thought people like Brielle deserved such ends. Her eyes twinkled with mirth. Her heart felt as light as a balloon, especially as Max's hand moved toward Brielle's wrist, her sense of triumph almost tangible.
Finally, the end was near.
She had been back in the country for less than two weeks, and without any effort on her part, Brielle was already on her way out. What could an orphan, abandoned by her parents since childhood, possibly stir up now?
"Max, take it off," Alivia said softly, her voice laced with a smile.
Spencer, watching from the sidelines, felt a surge of satisfaction. Brielle rejected him, and here she was, groveling before another man. She had no backbone. She deserved this! Chapter 488
###Chapter 488
Chapter 488
All eyes turned to Max.
Max had been keeping a low profile all evening as if he were uninterested in participating in the proceedings. It wasn't until this moment that he seemed to come to life, his fingertips. grazing the rosary beads he wore.
Everyone thought he would remove the rosary without hesitation. Even Michael had started to speak up, "Patrick, please escort the lady out. This is no place for outsiders to cause a scene."
Brielle stood tall, her back straight. Even upon hearing Michael's words, she just stared steadily at Max.
"Max, think carefully. If you really..."
Before she could finish, Max interrupted her, "Dad, the night I went to the Dorsey family's ancestral home, I had intended to introduce her to you. It's not too late now." This out-of-the-blue statement drew all eyes to him.
His fingers still lingered on the rosary, gently caressing it, and then he leaned forward slightly, interlocking his fingers with Brielle's.
Their fingers intertwined.
"This is my girlfriend, Brielle." The statement landed heavily in the room as if it could burst
eardrums.
Alivia felt like she had been struck by lightning, and the thunder still hovered overhead.
Girlfriend. Brielle.
Each word was clear, but how could she not understand their meaning?
All her smugness vanished. Her soul seemed to momentarily leave her body, repeatedly battered and kneaded. His words hit her heart, causing her bones to ache.
She was so rigid, she didn't even know how to react. She could taste blood in her mouth. Now that Max had acknowledged his relationship with Brielle, every word Alivia had spat out had turned into a slap, leaving her battered and bruised.
The last trace of color drained from Alivia's face, still in shock.
She couldn't even tell whether Max had never lost his memory or had just remembered everything upon seeing Brielle. Her heartbeat was thunderous, and she felt like she couldn't
catch her breath.
Embarrassment, anger she had never been so humiliated in all her life. All this had been given to her by the man she loved most.
She tried to calm herself, but her trembling fingers betrayed the turmoil within.
1/2
13:21
Chapter 488
Brielle, that bitch!
She wished she could crawl into a hole and disappear. Such humiliation was agonizing.
The others in the room also thought they were hallucinating. How could they see Maz holding Brielle's hand and hear him call her his girlfriend?
It was absurd. As absurd as a farce.
Even Michael was briefly stunned, his mind racing. The night he went to the Dorsey family's old mansion? Wasn't that the night Max had his accident?
Michael still didn't understand why Max had suddenly gone there that night, as he usually wouldn't return without a specific call from him. It turned out it was because of Brielle.
Michael's presence was commanding, and he wasn't flustered by Max's announcement. "Max, there are some things that can be done in private; there's no need to bring them out into the open. Just like what your brothers do on the outside, I've always turned a blind eye," he implied.
In other words, it was fine to keep a lover in the shadows, but don't flaunt it in front of him, or he wouldn't be polite.
Max pushed the cup of tea towards Brielle. She really did need a cup of tea to calm her nerves. In fact, she had been prepared for the worst. It wouldn't have been surprising if these people toyed with her, and she even lost her life. But no matter how tragic the outcome, it didn't matter. She would have been sad if Max had truly forgotten everything, leaving only her to remember in the days to come. How unfair. Thankfully.
She picked up the tea, sweetness mixed with a tinge of sorrow in her heart. Max had never let her down. He was always the best.
"Dad, you should be happy. The Dorsey family will indeed have double happiness tonight. Spencer's marriage is settled, and mine is not far off. Next Monday is a good day. Let's set it then."
Was all this fuss about picking an engagement date for him and Brielle?
Michael almost laughed in exasperation but knew this was his son's way, direct enough to make one's blood boil. "What about Alivia?"
Michael mentioned Alivia, and all eyes turned to her.
Alivia hung her head, even with her deep schemes and pride, as if even her arrogant spirit had bent.
But this was not her most embarrassing moment. What was more humiliating was yet to
come.
###Chapter 489
Chapter 489
"I told her first thing in the morning that I had a thing for Brielle, and she wished me well."
The words fell from the lips of the man Alivia adored, and with them, he effortlessly cast her into the abyss. His tenderness for Brielle was matched only by his cold-heartedness towards Alivia. Alivia felt as though countless daggers had pierced her heart. It turned out that Brielle wasn't the one being figuratively slaughtered; it was her.
She wanted to laugh and cry, her fingertips quivering more and more violently. Max was cruel, stripping her of her dignity without a second thought, laying down the red carpet for Brielle. Alivia's breath grew hot, her gaze bloodshot.
Her mind thundered with the noise of her shattered pride. In her twenty-something years of life, she had never felt such humiliation. Those looks were like bone-picking knives, threatening to peel away the facade she had so carefully crafted. Her hand, hanging by her side, clenched so tightly that her nails dug into her palm, drawing blood.
The thought of her earlier pretense, acting as if she didn't recognize Brielle, made her wonder whether she looked like a fool in Max's eyes? The truth hit her; it wasn't Brielle who was
foolish. It was her.
The beloved always had an air of invincibility, and that was the confidence that drove Brielle to show up tonight.
Alivia might have truly lost her mind if not for the last shred of reason holding her together. She feared that if she stayed even a second longer, her tears would spill uncontrollably.
She had never cried before and always believed that what she wanted, she would have, but she had never imagined her pride would be crushed by the man she loved, without the slightest mercy.
At that moment, the door to the private room was knocked upon. Kenzo walked in, a smile gracing his face. "The elders want Alivia to join them for a toast. Have you all finished your drinks? Sorry, Michael, Mr. Jaxon, Alivia had a couple too many next door. Perhaps she's spoken out of turn?"
He slowly approached Alivia, reaching out to touch her cheek. "You're definitely drunk. Let me take you home."
After saying that, he turned to Brielle and Max. "Brielle, Max, I'm gonna take Alivia off your hands now. Don't take her words to heart. She actually did lose her rosary, and I guess seeing Brielle with it must have upset her after a few drinks."
Kenzo's intervention was his way of defusing the situation. If left unchecked, the night would end in discomfort for all, and perhaps even the Barnes family would be dragged into the fray.
1/2
13:21
Chapter 489
Blaming it on the alcohol was the best possible excuse.
Supporting Alivia, Kenzo felt her whole body trembling, a sign of her struggle to contain her humiliation and rage. He sighed and gently patted her back, a gesture of comfort.
With Kenzo's arrival, Brielle lowered her eyes. She knew all too well that this was Kenzo calling in a favor.
Alivia was his sister, and he wouldn't stand by and watch her be disgraced. That's why he'd said what he did, and Brielle, remembering the past injuries Kenzo sustained on her behalf, felt compelled to comply. Even though she resented Alivia, even though the jail incident had left her with a grudge, she couldn't kick up a fuss right now.
She bit her lip, swallowing the words she wanted to say.
Kenzo nodded in thanks and began to lead Alivia away, but at that moment, Michael spoke up. "Max, you and Boatman take Alivia home. Tonight belongs to Spencer and Sophia. Let's not steal their thunder or give anyone a reason to gossip,"
The patriarch proved his wisdom, not only avoiding confrontation but also expertly shifting the focus, preventing Max from saying anything further. Not forcing Brielle out and not tearing the couple apart publicly was the greatest concession Michael was willing to make.
###Chapter 490
Chapter 490
Max was keenly aware that if this continued, Brielle's situation would become dangerous once Michael turned his back. Max didn't refuse, slowly stood up, and gently took Brielle's hand, without any hint of shame. "Brielle doesn't really know anyone here, and she's quite reserved. Dad, we're going to head out."
Reserved?
Those in attendance nearly choked on their own disbelief. The girl who had the guts to walk in here solo, was reserved?
But Michael just gave Austin a casual glance, his smile unfading. "In that case, let's consider Spencer and Sophia's engagement settled. We'll send someone to arrange the venue." It was a classic deflection, shifting the spotlight back to the evening's protagonists.
The others quickly jumped on the bandwagon, as if Brielle was but a brief interlude, quickly forgotten. But everyone knew that wasn't the case.
Max had rejected a strategic alliance with the Barnes family, choosing instead Spencer's ex-fiancée. A real-life fairy tale!
No matter how turbulent the thoughts of those present, they had no choice but to suppress them and see the play through to its end.
The original leads of this drama, Spencer and Sophia, looked anything but the star-crossed lovers; one was as pale as a ghost, and the other wore a smile not reaching their eyes, neither sparing a glance for the other. They were preoccupied with their own thoughts.
Meanwhile, Brielle and Max had already stepped out.
Feeling the warmth of his fingers, Brielle walked as if on air, as though stepping on clouds of cotton candy. In truth, from the moment Max intertwined his fingers with hers, she was out of sorts. It wasn't until they left the banquet hall and encountered the Barnes siblings outside that her gaze flickered.
Alivia, clinging to Kenzo, her face a mask of contorted humiliation, felt the urge to bite down on the shoulder before her, hoping the pain would bring some clarity.
She had thought her plan foolproof, yet it had become her most embarrassing moment. She tried to quell the shaking of her body, to no avail. Without turning, she knew that Brielle and Max were behind her. She had to compose herself quickly, to figure out what to do next.
She inevitably lost some of Max's favor, and now that Michael knew of Max's relationship with Brielle, they would only become more conspicuous. Alivia would be the laughing stock.
Alivia trembled even more, struggling to contain her rage.
Then, something happened that pushed her over the edge.
A soft thud, like something hitting the wall, reached her ears. She looked up, her eyes
1/2
13:22
Chapter 490
bloodshot, but a hand covered her vision. It was her brother's.
Kenzo's hand over Alivia's eyes spared her the sight of Max pinning Brielle against the wall by the banquet hall, kissing her with abandon.
Passersby occasionally strolled through the hallway. The Barnes family could emerge at any moment, and members of the Dorsey and Rowland families might appear. But Max seemed oblivious to all, his hand cradling the back of Brielle's head, his lips claiming hers, a siege of passion.
Brielle, flushed and breathless, had lost her earlier poise. Now, shy and unsure, she cautiously placed her hands on his waist, timidly grasping the hem of his shirt like a child. They were the embodiment of every clichéd couple.
Alivia's eyes were covered, but she could still make out Max's movements through the gaps. Voiceless and strengthless, she wanted to scream, to tear them apart, but all she felt were tears streaming down her face.
The elevator arrived, and she was guided into it, still blindfolded. Her world seemed to crumble, as Max kissed Brielle before her very eyes.
It was a deep kiss.
Alivia's tears fell harder, and her hatred numbed to the point of madness.
Kenzo, his expression inscrutable, watched through the slowly closing elevator doors as Brielle's lips were tenderly captured. Her eyes were glazed with desire, her cheeks flushed with a bloom of crimson, like a winter plum blossoming amidst the snow, so pure, yet so temptingly dangerous.
What man could remain calm before such a sight?
As the elevator doors closed, Kenzo averted his gaze, but the image of Brielle's expression lingered. It was an image that enticed one to tarnish and shatter.
###Chapter 491
Chapter 491
Brielle had a whirlwind of questions swirling in her head. Would Max have really gotten. engaged if she hadn't shown up? Did he truly suffer from amnesia?
But at that moment, she couldn't muster a single word. Her thoughts were in disarray, utterly swept up by his advances.
By the time she regained her bearings, she found herself being ushered into a secluded lounge at the end of the hallway.
"What are we-mmph."
His familiar scent, his towering height, and even his gestures were all too known to her. It was as if fireworks were exploding in her mind, and she felt as though a predator was closing in from behind. "Brielle, I don't want to think about anything else right now."
Max was Impassioned, the corners of his mouth turning up into a smile at the memory of her appearing at the door.
Explanations could wait.
The atmosphere and temperature collided, warping both space and time. Their deep kiss. ended.
Max rested his forehead against her shoulder; Brielle was quite a bit shorter than him, so this gesture had him slightly hunched over, as if bowing in submission to the petite woman in his
arms.
Brielle could feel his intimidating warmth and blushed, realizing that now was not the time for questions. She turned her head slightly, silently consenting to his next move.
With her acquiescence, Max seemed to have unleashed the contents of Pandora's box.
Brielle bit her lip, her eyes rimmed red, feeling almost melted by his heat, breathless at last. There was no time to ponder the hows and whys, only the ceaseless burst of fireworks in her mind.
Max was right there with her, not engaged to someone else, still tenderly kissing her. And that was more than enough. She felt an overwhelming flutter in her heart.
Even the thought that members of the Dorsey, Barnes, and Rowland families were close by added a thrilling mix of shame and excitement.
The temperature in the room seemed to be nearing a boiling point, her body's moisture evaporating. Her cheeks were flushed, and she often felt like a fish dying of thirst, thrown onto the shore by a violent storm, only to be swept back into the sea by another wave. The sensation of almost drowning, then gasping for air, was maddening.
12
12:58
Chapter 491
She even wondered if the door might give way under the pressure.
In her daze, his long fingers grasped her chin. Seeing her reflection in the door's polished surface, Brielle felt her toes curl. "Max, if I hadn't come, would you really have gone through with the engagement?" Max's chin rested on her shoulder, and he chuckled softly, "No." His tone was lazy and satisfied, yet he didn't stop, turning his head to plant a kiss on her earlobe. It was like a miraculous chemical reaction. Who was it that said love was the most violent poison that unsettled the soul, that love signified an insatiable greed?
The intensity of this moment, the fulfillment, and the extraordinary reactions were like picnicking on the edge of an abyss, utterly oblivious to the peril.
The fierce beast within Brielle's heart. The lover at her back.
Brielle slowly closed her eyes, a fine sheen of sweat beading on her forehead.
At seven in the morning, Brielle was completely drained. She weakly tried to push Max away with her eyes closed.
Max caught her hand, bringing it to his lips for a gentle kiss. "Tired?"
Of course, she was exhausted; she couldn't even speak. Yet, she had so many questions. Her heart was aching with a bittersweetness that was both tart and sweet, but she was too weary to hold on any longer and slowly drifted off to sleep. Her body felt battered and bruised from head to toe, a patchwork of tenderness.
###Chapter 492
Chapter 492
Max's fingers lingered in her hair before he couldn't help but cough twice.
Outside, Patrick heard the noise and gently knocked on the door. "Mr. Dorsey, are you awake?"
Patrick had kept watch all night. Now, hearing Max's voice and still concerned about the injuries on his body, he asked with a hint of worry.
Max wrapped himself in a robe, casually tying a knot around his waist before opening the door.
Patrick, carrying a first aid kit, didn't glance at Brielle, who was still on the bed, but walked over to the window and placed the kit beside the desk.
After Max sat down, Patrick hurriedly checked the wound on his chest, noticing it had slightly reopened. He quickly took out the antiseptic, disinfected the wound, and rewrapped it with fresh bandages.
Max remained silent, a gentle smile playing at the edges of his lips. Patrick knew Max was pleased, and his own furrowed brow relaxed.
While tending to Max's wounds, Patrick couldn't help but notice the nail marks on his chest, a testament to a passionate night. He felt genuinely happy for the couple, aware only he knew what Max had been through these past few days.
"I've prepared Ms. Brielle's clothes; they're in the dresser, and also," he said, suddenly feeling embarrassed, "the medicines Ms. Brielle might need."
Max was no fool, especially after the previous night's indulgence, which he remembered all too well. The reminder made his ears flush with warmth. "Got it."
After Patrick offered his reminder, he withdrew, closing the door behind him.
Max felt invigorated and filled the bathtub with water, carefully carrying Brielle for a thorough wash. Brielle was so tired her eyelids trembled, but she couldn't fully wake up.
Max found the ointment Patrick had prepared and applied it to her. Brielle, mistaking his intentions, pleaded in a pitiful tone, "Can I rest a bit?"
Max chuckled at her words, playfully stroking her nose with his fingertip. She frowned but said
no more.
After being carried back to bed, she didn't make another move, falling into a deep sleep. Without further ado, Max lay back down, carefully pulling her close, and drifted off to sleep. This time, it wasn't just a pillow he held; her presence softened his heart.
Brielle slept for hours before she finally opened her eyes. By the time she woke up, the sun was high in the sky.
Seeing his face so close, she thought she was dreaming. It took her a moment to remember seeking out Max the previous night, their wild encounter, and then sleeping till now.
1/2
Chapter 492
Her waist was trapped in his strong embrace, immobilizing her.
With a slight movement, Max awoke. "Not going to sleep a bit more?"
Considering her recent experiences, including last night's events, Brielle couldn't fall back asleep. Her lips pressed tight. Now wasn't the time for rest.
She noticed the bandages on Max's chest, and with a nervous jump, she got out of bed only to collapse weakly to her knees. Max's hand caught her waist, pulling her back into his embrace. "Careful." Brielle settled back on the bed, staring fixedly at the scars on his chest, unable to resist. reaching out to touch them. He intercepted her hand. "I've already changed the dressing. Get dressed first." Brielle's legs were weak. She truly didn't have the strength to stand and go to the dresser for her clothes.
Max chuckled softly, getting up to fetch her clothes.
Despite their numerous intimate moments, the sight of his broad shoulders, narrow waist, and his handsome features, still made Brielle blush. But she quickly regained her composure, feeling that last night's actions had been somewhat impulsive.
Would exposing their relationship to the public eye affect him?
She had been selfish in wanting to keep their affair secret, and now she was the first to reveal it selfishly.
Max stood so high in the social circles of Beaconsfield. What would they think of him being entangled with his nephew's former fiancée?
###Chapter 493
Chapter 493
The buzz of last night's festivities had faded, and now the stark light of reality was shining through the blinds. Brielle was pulled from her reverie by the jingle of a phone. It was Max's phone.
Michael had seemed tight-lipped last night, deftly steering the conversation away from the elephant in the room, but Brielle knew that his silence didn't mean approval of their relationship. What Michael would do next was anyone's guess.
The phone lit up, and Max pressed the answer button, calling out, "What's up, Kenzo?"
Surprisingly, it wasn't Michael on the other end of the line, but Kenzo.
Brielle couldn't help but marvel at how the old fox was still full of tricks. Michael was playing the long game. After the mess of last night, it was unsettling how Michael had yet to call and confront them. The calmer the sea, the more Brielle feared the storm lurking beneath.
Kenzo's call was obviously about the previous night's drama. He had used drunkenness as an excuse to keep the situation from boiling over, but everyone who was there knew that Alivia wasn't drunk, and Max had flat-out rejected her.
Kenzo's tone carried no hint of blame, remaining as soothing as ever. "Max, are you still with Brielle?"
"Yeah."
"My grandpa's bound to hear about this soon. He's always hoped for a union between our families. I'll try to talk to him. Is this your final decision, Max?"
"Kenzo, could you handle things with the Barnes family? Thanks."
No more words were needed. Kenzo understood Max's choice. A deep shadow passed through his eyes, followed by a light smile. "Sure."
After hanging up, Kenzo surveyed the chaos in the room.
Alivia was buried under the covers, not a single strand of her hair in sight. The room was a battleground of shattered s, with traces of blood amidst the wreckage. Shards of mirror were scattered across the floor, and even the plush slippers were spattered with drops of red.
"Alivia, come on out and have something to eat," Kenzo coaxed as he nudged her.
She didn't respond. This was the first time in her life that she felt so out of control, wishing she could destroy everything. Every memory of last night's events made her heart ache until she could hardly breathe. Her body felt crushed, her soul trembling.
She had thought she was watching Brielle's downfall, only to become the butt of the joke herself. Was she still held in any esteem in Max's eyes?
1/2
Chapter 493
Her eyelashes fluttered fiercely, her voice hoarse. "Kenzo, I'm not hungry."
"You're just going to lie there? You heard the call. Max has chosen Brielle and plans to stick with her. Do you think he'll care about you if you keep degrading yourself like this?"
Alivia's body began to tremble again, her eyes swollen from crying. The Alivia everyone knew was always the center of attention, never this disheveled.
She bit her lip so hard, tasting blood. "What should I do?"
How could she turn the tables? How could she tear those two apart?
Panic was setting in. Thinking of all she had done since Max regained his clarity, all her so-called clever moves were now her greatest embarrassment. If he had never forgotten, her actions must've seemed so foolish and so insincere in his eyes.
Kenzo sat down beside her bed. "Alivia, you've had an easy ride all your life. Is this little setback really going to beat you? I've always told you Brielle isn't ordinary."
"I don't understand," Alivia said, emerging from the covers. Her hair was a tangled mess, and her eyes were swollen nearly shut. Her cheeks were flushed from a lack of air.
"I don't get how an orphan from the foster system, unwanted by all, is anything but ordinary. I thought I could crush her with a flick of my finger, and yet she's given me the biggest humiliation of my life. I can't accept it! I may not need to get back at her, but I want her to regret stepping into that lounge last night!"
###Chapter 494
Chapter 494
Kenzo gently raised his hand and placed it on her head, soothingly stroking her hair. "Max not liking you is not his fault, sweetheart. Matters of the heart can't be forced. Get up and grab some breakfast. Grandpa's been worried sick about you."
Alivia's return home last night was nothing short of a horror show, flinging stuff around from the living room all the way to the bedroom, her emotional outburst akin to a madwoman. To fall from grace overnight, from the belle of the ball to a laughingstock, the stark contrast drove her to the brink of insanity.
She cried, she raged, and her heart swelled with bitterness. Right, she couldn't keep spiraling down. She needed to act swiftly, take advantage of the fact that Brielle and Max hadn't tied the knot yet.
No, it didn't matter whether they were married or not; she was determined to keep those two apart. The dignity she had lost, she would reclaim, little by little.
As her finally regained her composure, Kenzo's lips curled into a smile. "It's good to see you thinking straight. Now, head downstairs. Grandpa probably has an inkling about what's going on and might still be fuming at Max. Everyone thought you two would end up married, and I bet there are already rumors swirling. If you hide away, that's the real defeat."
Alivia quickly dabbed at her face, restoring her composure. She wouldn't let Brielle gloat for long!
After sprucing herself up, she eyed her swollen eyes in the mirror and clenched her jaw, her fingernails digging into the edge of the washbasin.
Stepping downstairs and catching sight of Jose seated in the living room, her steps faltered. her eyes brimming with tears.
Jose was thumbing through a newspaper, glancing up at her with a kind tone. "Time for breakfast.*
Alivia pursed her lips and slowly took a seat at the dining table, methodically swallowing her food. She maintained her usual poise, though a storm was brewing within. At least on the surface, she seemed to have calmed down completely, as if last night's hysteria was but an
illusion.
Jose folded the newspaper and came to sit beside her. "Thought things through?"
"I won't lose. What Brielle's flaunting right now is just Max's favoritism. She has no family background and no connections in our circles. There's no way I could lose to someone like her."
Jose chuckled softly and patted her on the back. "A man's favor for a woman is limited, my dear. As someone who's seen it all, let me tell you, young love peaks the moment it begins, and it's all downhill from there. No one can truly overcome the barriers of class and upbringing. The education we receive, our worldviews, and even the way we perceive the world are all
1/2
12:58
Chapter 494
different. Their relationship won't last. I'll call the Dorsey family in a bit. You think about whether you really want to go down this road."
"Grandpa, once I make a choice, I stick with it. Max is my goal in this life, and I'll have him. I've already thought of a way to strike back."
Jose looked at her approvingly. This was the treasured pearl of the Barnes family, resilient in the face of adversity, A single fall wasn't the end; what mattered was getting back up.
Alivia had always had everything she wanted in life, and perhaps this humiliation would serve as a valuable lesson. Jose loved his granddaughter, and he knew that Max was at fault this time. As Max's senior, it was only right to call and inquire.
The call to the Dorsey family was made shortly after.
Michael was in his study, practicing calligraphy, the scent of ink lingering in the air. The chair beside him was laden with sheets of his practiced characters, a testament to a troubled mind seeking tranquility through the art.
The butler knocked respectfully on the door. "Sir, Mr. Jose is on the phone for you."
Michael's brush paused mid-stroke. The inevitable had arrived. He set the brush down, and the butler handed him the phone.
Michael pressed the answer button. On the other end, there was no accusation in Jose's voice. The two were old friends, through and through.
"Michael, what's to be done about this mess? Alivia's been shaken up for a night, and you know how the Barnes family dotes on her. I'm truly upset with Max."
Michael massaged his temples.
"I've made it clear who I want for a daughter-in-law, and it's Alivia. That hasn't changed, and it won't change. The Dorsey family owes your family an explanation, and I won't allow my most outstanding son to be involved with an inappropriate woman. I'll find a way, but this can't be rushed. The more we push, the more Max will hide her away."
Michael knew his son well. The more they tried to separate them, the more it would strain their relationship.
"Jose, the woman Max will marry is Alivia. The Dorsey family will make it up to her tenfold for any suffering she's endured, even a hundredfold. Max will, too."
###Chapter 495
Chapter 495
Jose breathed a sigh of relief. As long as Michael accepted Alivia as his daughter-in-law, Brielle would never gain the approval of the Dorsey family.
Knowing Michael for years, Jose was well aware that this old man was far from calm. He was merely biding his time.
With his fiery personality, Max couldn't be suppressed by mere tactics. Brielle needed to accumulate enough disappointment to leave of her own volition.
The chasm between the two was too great; what passed for affection would become a deep. bitter bond. The further things progressed, the more unpredictable the dangers became.
After hanging up the phone, Michael handed his mobile to the butler.
The butler, noticing the fresh calligraphy spread across the chairs and table from the night before and that morning, knew Erik's mind was already in turmoil. It was only Michael's years of business acumen that kept him from flying into a rage.
Considering the gravity of the situation, the butler marveled at Michael's composure and dreaded the thought of what his response might be when he finally took action. Then, remembering the figure still kneeling at the entrance, a flicker of uncertainty crossed the butler's face. "Sir, Mr. Spencer has been kneeling at the doorstep for over twenty-four hours now."
Michael's brush paused, his temples throbbing with pain.
"And you haven't had breakfast yet, sir. Your health is important." The butler's voice held a note of concern.
Michael set aside his brush and took a warm towel to clean his fingers before making his way outside with the aid of his cane. There was Spencer, ashen-faced and unsteady, his forehead bruised from his steadfast vigil.
Michael felt a stronger pulse at his temples - one nuisance after another!
"Grandfather! Please don't let Uncle Max be with Brielle. She was my fiancée, and Uncle Max's dalliance with her will be the talk of Beaconsfield! If Brielle is to marry, it should be to me, Grandfather, I-"
His plea was cut short as the cane came crashing down upon him. Spencer winced in pain but bit his lip, refusing to make a sound.
"Brielle has you all in a twist! You're determined to drive me to the grave. It was you who insisted on getting engaged to her when you were both so young, and it was you who later called it off. If it weren't for you, would Brielle have ever met Max?!"
This was precisely why Spencer felt such indignation. His knees ached from kneeling, and his blood felt like it had turned to ice.
1/2
Chapter 495
"I was the one who saw Brielle's shine first, and Uncle Max has no right to steal her away!"
Michael swung his cane again, fury in his stroke. Tears welled up in Spencer's eyes, and he couldn't hold them back any longer.
His pitiful state only fueled Michael's anger. "You were outdone by a woman in business and are now in love, too? If you want to kneel, keep at it, and maybe it'll clear that lovesick fog in your head." Spencer fell silent, his lips pressing together as tears continued to fall.
Michael stepped past him and headed downstairs, calling for the butler to accompany him on a walk. He needed to cool off and escape the sight of this weakling that infuriated him so. He had never been this way with Max, who had a calmness unlike others from a young age. Any anger thrown at Max would be met with a silent gaze, making the aggressor look more like a fool
To deal with Max, Michael had to be colder and more ruthless. But with Spencer, his disappointing grandson, Michael sometimes wished he could end it all with a few good swings of his cane. Spencer had been kneeling since the previous evening, his knees numb, his mind aflame with the image of Max and Brielle hand in hand. Why should they be together so carefreely?
Spencer continued his vigil into the afternoon, hungry and swollen, utterly disheveled. He heard footsteps behind him and thought Michael had returned, but turning his head, he saw William. William had been at the scene last night, too, but since Brielle showed up in the box, he had remained silent. Without saying a word or making a move, Michael had locked himself up all morning – a clear sign of his disappointment in Max. Now, with his grandson still fixated on the Issue, Brielle was likely to become a thorn in his side.
"Spencer, kneeling won't change anything. Get up. Even if you faint here, your grandfather won't stop Max. Who in the Dorsey family could? If you want to break those two apart, you have to start with Brielle." Spencer raised his hand, furiously wiping away his tears. The rough fabric stung his tender skin, but the pain only sharpened his resolve.
###Chapter 496
Chapter 496
Panic seized him, and fear knotted in his stomach. Spencer had known Brielle for over a decade, and the thought of her belonging wholly to someone else sent a sharp pain through his heart.
Brielle's disdain for him was as clear as day, just as her fondness for Max was unmistakably apparent.
It dawned on him that his affection had been one-sided all along. He had thought Brielle was coming to see him last night, and for a fleeting moment, he had envisioned a thousand ways to make her happy in the future. He had thought, perhaps naively, that he held some place in her heart after all these years, considering how kind she used to be to him. But now, looking back, all he felt was regret and an unwillingness to let go.
Spencer was desperate, a man grasping at straws. He slowly stood up, but his legs, numb from kneeling too long, gave way, and he was forced to kneel again.
A smirk flashed across William's eyes as he kindly offered a helping hand. "Max reigns supreme in the Dorsey family; you can't touch him. But with your status, taking Brielle down should be easy. Didn't I teach you before? Destroy her career and her social circle, and she'll have no choice but to follow your lead."
Spencer's fingers clenched suddenly. If Brielle was destined to hate him, he might as well deepen that hatred. At least then, she would never forget him for as long as she lived! He wanted her to feel a stab of pain every time she thought of the name Spencer!
A touch of madness crept onto Spencer's face. "Uncle, I've got it."
William raised an eyebrow, his eyes twinkling with amusement.
All William had to do was sit back and watch the drama unfold. Since last night, Max and Brielle had positioned themselves against the Dorsey and Barnes families, and all William had to do was fan the flames at the right moment. Max's greatest blunder was letting a woman cause such disappointment in his father.
Both the Dorsey and Barnes families were restless, watching each other with bated breath. Yet, for Brielle and Max, life seemed tranquil.
After breakfast, she wanted to ask Max about everything that had happened in recent days. Seeing the faint dark circles under his eyes, she guessed he hadn't had an easy time either. If he hadn't forgotten their memories, then he must have had a reason for his deliberate actions.
Had her impulsive visit disrupted his own plans? With so many witnesses last night, the social. circles were probably buzzing about their affair now.
Brielle lowered her lashes, sitting on the bed. She couldn't help but lift her hand to wrap around Max's waist.
Max was standing at the bedside, so this gesture only caused her head to rest against his side.
17:59
Brielle closed her eyes, silent. In everyone's eyes, Max had always been an untouchable idol. But now he was involved with his junior's former flancée and had forgone an alliance with the Barnes family. It was as if his pedestal was quaking, and his walls were about to crumble.
People reveled in his high-flying status and equally relished the prospect of his fall. She didn't know how many in Beaconsfield were waiting to see him stumble. At this moment, all she wanted was to grow stronger so that his reputation wouldn't suffer, and ensure he had no weaknesses.
She was filled with a burning determination to call Mason right then and draft a few hundred. pages of proposals, but skyscrapers weren't built overnight. Without a solid foundation, such structures couldn't withstand even the slightest breeze.
She looked at Max, and he was already gazing down at her. His eyelashes were long, casting deep shadows over his eyelids.
Brielle's heart melted. She had so many questions, but the fact that he had done everything for her was enough. Whether their future held moonlight or high altitudes, she was willing to stand. by him. Even if it meant crossing eighty-one trials, she didn't want to let go of Max. This man was the kindest to her in all the world and asked for nothing in return.
Their eyes met, and both, almost embarrassingly, looked away first. Despite their history, this was the first time they recognized each other clearly as partners, as boyfriend and girlfriend.
From now on, they could walk out hand in hand without anyone labeling Brielle as Spencer's former fiancée. She was finally free of that tag. They could do all the things couples did - watch movies, dine out, or even invite a few friends for a barbecue in the great outdoors. All these romantic experiences were something they had yet to cherish.
Max felt a bit out of his depth. He had finally claimed Brielle as his own, but what now? What was dating supposed to be like? He didn't really understand.
Brielle let go of his waist. "You never had amnesia?"
"Hmm."
"Then why pretend to have it?"
Amused, Max found their current situation somewhat comical. They were now seated in the car, him in the backseat, Brielle facing him. Patrick, in the driver's seat, discreetly lowered the partition.
"I didn't."
He had never claimed to have lost his memory; it was merely everyone else's assumption.
###Chapter 497
Chapter 497
Max's first conscious sensation was the oppressive weight of anesthesia pinning him to the hospital bed, ghostly whispers of the world beyond teasing his ears, yet his body remained unresponsive. His father had been there, pocketing Max's cellphone and turning the hospital into a fortress so secure that even Patrick couldn't slip through to visit him on that first night.
Speaking Brielle's name would've been a death sentence, given Michael's resourcefulness. Mar was certain that if he'd uttered her name upon waking, Michael would've had Brielle thrown into the deepest, darkest cell before sunrise. Powerless and weak, Max had no choice but to bury his worries temporarily.
Upon regaining some strength, he reached out to Patrick and meticulously orchestrated their next moves. Only after overhearing Alivia's phone conversation in the hospital corridor did he consciously decide to keep Brielle's name off his lips.
Max was still reeling from near death, and couldn't quite parse the entirety of Alivia's chatter. Bits and pieces about Brielle, jail, and Jaired floated through his throbbing mind. When Alivia swept into his room, announcing Jaired's imminent return, Max's gaze was fixed outside the window, his brain ablaze with pain and suspicion.
Why would Alivia bring up Brielle to Jaired? Max had been clear about his feelings for Brielle to Alivia long ago. If she was as refined and composed as she claimed, she wouldn't gossip about Brielle in private.
His concern grew, wondering if his pain wasn't clouding his judgment, conjuring delusions. After all, he had known Alivia for over a decade, and Kenzo had been a close friend for years. For now, his only move was to play it cool and send someone to protect Brielle in jail.
"So the guard in the uniform was your guy?" Brielle asked with a hopeful lilt in her voice.
"Yeah, I was worried someone might try to hurt you," Max admitted.
Brielle's lips curled into a sweet smile, her suspicions confirmed. She had always been sharp. Initially, she was rattled by the two guards, but had pieced together the uniformed man's cryptic message. "When titans clash, the mortals suffer, and it's unclear who'll come out on top." Clearly, someone wanted her in trouble, yet someone else was safeguarding her. Two forces were colliding, and the victor remained uncertain.
When Brielle had been led to believe Max had forgotten her, she felt a pang of despair. Yet, that subtle hint from the uniformed man had sparked a realization: someone powerful was protecting her. Who else in Beaconsfield could it be but Max?
Aubree's only potential ally was the Clements family, who would never openly support her against their own interest. Despite her connections, Tiffanie was still under the Dorsey family's thumb, unlikely to make a bold move against her grandfather's wishes.
That left Max, the beacon of hope for Brielle's release and the very reason she had the courage. to step into that VIP room alone. And now, Max's words were the affirmation she needed.
49.60
Her heart melted completely, and for a moment, she was at a loss for words. What could she possibly say that would equate to what Max had done for her? Her bravery seemed so small in comparison. "Max, where are we headed now?" she inquired, noting that the car's trajectory was neither towards Premier Palace nor Pearl Estate. Their relationship had just been made public, and Max certainly had a plethora of issues to attend to, yet they were driving towards the outskirts. "I'm taking you somewhere special," he replied with a touch of mystery.
Brielle didn't press further. Instead, she pulled out her phone, which was peppered with missed. calls from Aubree, Tiffanie, and even Sophia. She opened Sophia's message first-just two words. [Brilliant, congratulations.] The 'Brilliant' was for last night's spectacle, and 'congratulations' for her relationship with Max that was now out in the open. She replied with a simple [Thanks.]
Next was Aubree's characteristically bold message. She had been ready to feign ignorance if Brielle failed, but she was genuinely surprised by her success. (Andrew called me this morning. I could feel his anger through the phone. Finally, I've turned the tables. We'll talk more about it later,] she wrote.
Tiffanie's message, expectedly gossipy, was surprisingly serious. [Alivia has invited a bunch of society ladies for afternoon tea today. Brielle, be careful.]
Brielle sighed. Alivia was quick to recover from the embarrassment of the previous night. already playing hostess to Beaconsfield's socialites. It was a clear signal that the game of high society chess was far from over.
###Chapter 498
Chapter 498
Alivia had a poker face that could fool the best of them.
If she were to make a list of people Alivia despised, Brielle would take the top spot without contest. Yet, the man Alivia couldn't have was warming the bed of her most hated rival. Instead of crumbling, Alivia managed to keep her composure and even made a dignified appearance. When people like her snapped, it was a sight to behold.
Brielle lowered her gaze, tucking her phone away. She noticed the streets bustling with activity and leaned in closer to Max. "Hey, Max, is it a holiday or something?"
Max glanced up from the papers in his hands, amused at her face almost pressed against the glass. "Yeah, in three days, it's New Year's."
Their first New Year's together was always going to be special.
A small smile curled at the corner of Brielle's lips, but she remained silent. When the car pulled up in front of a suburban mansion, Brielle looked puzzled. Where was this?
Several people stood at the entrance, one of them being the uniformed man who had guarded her in jail. "Boss." The man called out, his eyes landing on Brielle as he nodded in greeting.
Brielle picked up on the informal title. It wasn't Mr. Dorsey or the CEO, indicating a different power dynamic at play with Max.
She followed him into the foyer, where two people were on their knees. They were the doctors from the clinic that had operated on her.
Blindfolded and trembling, the doctors prostrated themselves upon hearing footsteps. "Mr. Dorsey, we were sorry. We truly realize our mistake."
Brielle said nothing, her grip on Max's sleeve tightening, her face paling.
Max knew. He knew about the baby. She lowered her eyes, feeling as though a blade was twisting in her heart.
The uniformed man offered Brielle a chair, his voice gentle. "Ms. Brielle, please sit.
After being up all night and suddenly confronted by these doctors, Brielle was indeed not in the best shape. She slowly sat down. The uniformed man's voice was so soft that only Brielle could
hear him.
The doctors were ignorant of the reason they were there, but they knew it was because of Brielle.
"Mr. Dorsey, we'll tell you everything. Please spare us."
They had committed too many misdeeds over the years, knowing retribution would come, yet they hadn't expected it so soon.
Max stood quietly for a moment, then ruffled Brielle's hair in a comforting gesture, but his
1/2
12.59
Chacher 498
words were directed at the doctors. "Repeat what you know."
The doctors shivered, spilling the beans almost immediately. "Ms. Alivia and Mr. Spencer brought Ms. Brielle to our clinic, thinking she was pregnant, and Ms. Brielle believed it too. However, after examining her, we found she wasn't pregnant. Mr. Spencer suggested an appendectomy instead, and Ms. Alivia came up with a plan to make Ms. Brielle believe she had lost a child. They thought it would hurt her and possibly affect her relationship with you, Mr. Dorsey."
The doctors omitted the part where Alivia pinned everything on Martha, more out of ignorance about Martha than intent to deceive.
As for Brielle, she was thunderstruck. Was she not pregnant? She couldn't believe her ears, thinking she was hallucinating.
Her mind was blank, her fists clenched so tightly that marks were left on her palms. Had there never been a child at all? The revelation was too staggering, and she couldn't come to terms with it immediately. The doctors, shaking, continued. "Ms. Brielle was heartbroken when she woke up. She barely ate over four days, surviving on glucose. Sometimes, I wavered, wondering whether to tell her the truth. But after years at the clinic, knowing so many secrets, we didn't dare. Mr. Dorsey, we are really sorry. Next time, if there's surgery for Ms. Brielle, we will personally call you."
Max gestured to the uniformed man, who understood and led the doctors out.
Brielle sat stiffly in her chair, even as hands gently lifted her face. Max looked into her eyes, his voice calm. "You weren't pregnant, so no need to be sad about it anymore." Brielle's eyes widened, torn between tears and laughter. She had nearly cried herself dry over those few days for a child that had never existed, only to be told it was all a ruse. Blinking back the sting in her eyes, she should have felt relieved, but a smile eluded her. So, had he been investigating these past few days? How did he come to suspect anything? Max seemed to anticipate her question and simply said, "I overheard Alivia talking to your assistant.
###Chapter 499
Chapter 499
He still remembered the jolt of fear that had struck him then, so intense it made him spit blood in a fit of fury. Someone had dared to harm the child she carried within Brielle, the woman he adored and couldn't bear to see hurt. Max even wanted to make everyone involved pay a steep price, no matter who they were.
But luckily, Brielle wasn't pregnant.
If Alivia were here, she would be astounded to know that Max had overheard her and Sydney's conversation that day. He had pretended not to, but every move she had made since then had become a joke to him.
Max frowned slightly, unwilling to dwell on that moment any longer. On one hand, he was shocked by Alivia's true nature; on the other, the thought of Brielle being pregnant had shaken him to the core. And he had been kept in the dark, clueless.
Overwhelmed by anger, he could feel the taste of iron rising from his chest. Even now, his heart ached as if pricked by needles.
"If we ever have a child, let's have it. Don't worry too much," he said, his voice low and reassuring. He could sweep away all of her worries.
Brielle looked up at him, slowly wrapping her arms around his waist. "Okay."
Max breathed a sigh of relief, saw her expression soften, and his lips curved into a smile.
*Kenzo invited me to a welcome-home party for Jaired tomorrow night. Would you come with me?" he asked.
Brielle did want to go. At this point, if he suggested they elope, she'd nod without hesitation. But they had just humiliated the Barnes family the night before, and Kenzo had been there. Could he really let it slide?
"About Kenzo..."
*Kenzo invited us, which means he's come around. Besides, the guest of honor is Jaired. Kenzo is just organizing it, and Jaired is a Riddle. The Riddles have always held office. I've known Jaired since we were kids. It's rare for him to be back in town."
Relieved, Brielle relaxed. They had been on edge these past few days, and a chance to unwind was welcome. The child matter turned out to be a misunderstanding, and Brielle felt a sense of relief. Max kissed her on the lips and said, "I'll let Kenzo know that you'll attend in my girlfriend's name."
Previously, Kenzo had gone to great lengths to screen people, looking for individuals who were tight-lipped. But this time, there was no need for that. Even if others wanted to report or complain, what difference would it make?
1/2
13-50-
Chapter 499
The biggest bombshell had already been dropped. As long as they didn't have a child, Michael could only choose to turn a blind eye before that happened.
Max's words echoed in Brielle's mind, more enchanting than any sweet nothings in the world.
In society, the criteria for selecting a partner have always revolved around three dimensions: physical attractiveness, personality, and control over social resources. It is often said that individuals who score high in all three aspects are scarce commodities at any given time. But someone like Max, who not only maxed out each aspect but even exceeded them, what kind of existence was he? Just the thought of having such a person as her boyfriend made Brielle's smile almost uncontrollable.
As they settled into the car, Max glanced outside. "Alivia, she-"
Before he could finish, Brielle's phone rang. It was an unfamiliar number. She braced herself, expecting it might be Michael. But when she answered, Alivia's voice came through.
"Brielle."
Gone was the mockery from the night before. Now, Alivia sounded perfectly composed. I've arranged for afternoon tea with some ladies from our circle. Would you care to join us?" Brielle frowned, almost suspecting she was hearing things.
What was Alivia up to? Unclear of her intentions, Brielle held her ground.
Meanwhile, Alivia sat amidst the Beaconsfield socialites, each one keen to see Alivia's downfall after the previous night's events. But to their bewilderment, Alivia had just invited the other protagonist of the incident, Brielle, to tea. They had expected to see a disheveled Alivia, yet she looked poised and as regal as ever. She greeted them with her usual gentle demeanor.
The ladies didn't dare provoke her. Regardless of the rumors, Alivia's position as the youngest head of the research institute meant that those who wanted to curry favor with her could fill Beaconsfield several times over.
They sat in silence, exchanging glances, curious about what would unfold between Alivia and Brielle.
###Chapter 500
Chapter 500
Alivia signaled the maid to pour more coffee for one of the guests, her lips curling into a subtl smile. "Brielle, about last night, I'll explain everything to Max personally. I sincerely invited your over, and if you're feeling uneasy, you can always check in with Max first."
"Alivia, what are you scheming now?" Brielle's tone was indifferent, while Max, overhearing Alivia's name, frowned almost imperceptibly.
Alivia didn't genuinely want to invite Brielle; it was merely a pretext to broach her next topic. "If you don't join us for afternoon tea, perhaps you'll attend the welcome-back dinner tomorrow night. Jaired is a mutual friend of Max and me. My brother is organizing this dinner, and I was worried he might have overlooked to call you personally, so I thought I'd extend the invite."
Brielle narrowed her eyes, about to respond, when Max snatched her phone away the call.
and endo
A flicker of annoyance crossed Alivia's eyes as she pretended the call was still ongoing. "Well then, that's settled. Jaired is really looking forward to seeing you."
After hanging up, she lifted her cup and took a sip of her coffee.
Finally, someone at the table couldn't contain their curiosity. "Alivia, what exactly happened last night?"
Gracefully picking up a fork, Alivia speared a piece of cheesecake and took a bite. After her conversation with her grandfather that morning, she had summoned several estheticians to address the swelling on her face. Now, with her makeup meticulously applied, she looked no different than usual
She had already planned her next moves.
First, she needed to prevent the spread of last night's debacle, ensuring she made a poised appearance before the others, and personally calling Brielle in their presence. Regardless of Brielle's reaction, it would make the socialites question whether they had the full story of the previous evening, thereby leaving Alivia with some dignity.
The call to Brielle was not only to sow doubt among the ladies but also a declaration of war. Did Brielle think she had won so easily last night? How naive!
The more composed Alivia acted, the more rattled Brielle would become.
Alivia's lips curved into a cold smile as she considered her second ive: to redeem herself in Max's eyes.
Her image had surely taken a hit, but not beyond recovery, and she had already devised a plan. Jaired's return was the perfect opportunity.
Jaired was highly respected in their circle and a friend to Max. He was the key. If she could leverage Jaired effectively, she could regain the favor she had lost.
d?como
Chapter 500
So, when asked about the previous night's events, she smiled and set down her silverware. "It was just a misunderstanding. Everyone knows I had feelings for Max, but he made it clear he might be interested in someone else. I stepped back and wished them well. But it seems Brielle is unaware that Max has already discussed his relationship with her to me, which led to last night's tension."
She told half-truths, leaving much unsaid.
The socialites grasped the implication immediately. Brielle was nothing but a jealous woman who had deliberately caused trouble.
"Alivia, what status does Brielle have to deserve a call from you? If she doesn't show, good riddance. If she does, I fear her pauper's stench will keep us up at night.” "Really, she was raised in an orphanage, has no parents, and was jilted by Spencer. I wonder what kind of siren's tricks she used to make Max dote on her so."
"They say it's the work of a temptress, surely nothing decent. Have you heard of Tequila Sunset? Some girls there are trained to be very obedient. Someone's son tried it out recently and said it opened up a new world for him. Brielle probably came from a place like that."
"That means she's a call girl, then? Just lucky to have climbed up to Max. We won't accept such people. Let her be awkward and alone tomorrow night. Nobody should pay her any mind. She thinks she can enter our circle just by clinging to a man."
H
The group's chatter grew louder as Alivia's smile widened subtly.
That was also part of her aim today. If Brielle were attending tomorrow's dinner, Alivia would ensure she understood how difficult it was to enter their elite circle. Brielle might have been lifted by a man, but she would always need to hide under his protection.
The very thing that had raised her to the skies could just as easily cast her into darkness.
###Chapter 501
Chapter 501
Brielle was oblivious to Alivia's scheming, her gaze resting on Max with a hint of amusement in her voice. "What's up? I'm actually curious about what she has to say." "Stay away from her."
Brielle's eyes relaxed, realizing Max had seen through Alivia's facade. At least, if trouble arose, he wouldn't shield Alivia. That was enough for Brielle.
She didn't bring up the prison incident; after all, what was done was done. Could she expect Max to go after Alivia? Max's actions the previous night had already shattered Alivia's pride. Of course, if Alivia continued to target Brielle, she wouldn't just stand by idly.
She noticed the fatigue in Max's eyes, realizing he must have been relentlessly investigating since he woke up.
"Your injury..." "I'm fine."
Max reclined in the leather seat, playfully touching her fingertips. "Let's get you home to rest."
Brielle's lips curved into a smile. “Yeah.”
She was about to offer to massage his temples when he said, "We should use protection in the future."
Even though Brielle's body wasn't naturally prone to conception, a pregnancy would only hurt her still-recovering health.
Brielle didn't respond, just nodded slowly. Then she remembered her position had been stripped away. Was she no longer going to set foot in Dorsey International?
A flicker of loss crossed her eyes, but before the emotion could take hold, she received a document from Patrick in the front seat. "Ms. Brielle, this is from Mr. Dorsey for you." Brielle was stunned. As she flipped through it, her expression changed dramatically. "I can't
accept this."
They had removed her from her position and offered her something far more valuable, so precious that the weight of the document seemed to press down upon her.
Ten percent of Dorsey International's shares-valued in the billions-meant hundreds of millions for her.
Max was giving her an empire that could only grow.
A man who stood so tall yet chose to share his power must truly care for you.
Max had never spoken the words 'I love you,' his most emotional admission being a surrender to dopamine, but every action of his proved his deep affection for her. Still, she couldn't take the ten percent. Max owned fifty-one percent of Dorsey International, the
1/2
13:00
absolute power holder. By offering her ten percent, he was giving others a chance to conspire against him. Should someone secretly amass more than forty-one percent. Max would lose his seat at the head of the empire.
Brielle didn't need him to prove his love with Dorsey International shares.
Seeing her own signature at the bottom, she realized the man in uniform at the prison had indeed given her a document. She had thought it routine and signed without a second thought, not knowing it was a share transfer.
"Max, I really can't accept this."
Her face was earnest as she pushed the document back, her gaze lifting to his. "Give me some time, and I will work hard to meet you on equal ground."
Not by sharing his power but by her own merit.
Max looked at her, tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear with a tenderness reserved for her alone. "I'm willing to do this, but only for you, Brielle."
###Chapter 502
Chapter 502
Brielle's heart swelled with emotion, a familiar warmth blooming in her chest. Only Max could stir her so deeply with just a few words.
She had always detested how intimate relationships could turn language into a weapon. It was the understanding of each other that could be twisted into a hurtful barb, but that wasn't any sort of skill. It was merely taking advantage of the other's open heart, their vulnerabilities laid bare in trust, which shouldn't be used as a target for attack.
Throughout the time she'd known Max, he had never used words to wound her. He had enveloped her in a cocoon of safety, truly fulfilling his initial promise. Every word he uttered was with intent and was not tossed carelessly into the wind.
Max studied her with earnest, trying to decipher the emotions swirling in her eyes. The thought of rejecting a gift worth billions would have seemed absurd to anyone else, but Brielle had done just that.
The sensation that washed over him was hard to place-it was the first day of confirming their romantic relationship, and his present was being returned.
His mood soured, a brooding silence falling over him as he gathered the documents, placing them aside as if they were nothing more than scrap paper.
"Max, what would you like for a New Year's gift? How about a scarf? Hand-knitted by yours truly," Brielle ventured, hoping to lift his spirits with a skill from her past.
In the orphanage, she'd knitted scarves and mittens for the other kids to save money, honing her craft with dedication.
A smile tugged at Max's lips, barely contained joy threatening to break through his usually composed demeanor. It seemed like he was charmed by the idea. That was all Brielle needed to hear to breathe a sigh of relief. "Let's hit the mall now. You can pick out the yarn, and I'll aim to have it done by New Year's Day." "Alright."
With that, Patrick, who was sitting in the front seat, set the navigation for the nearest craft store.
This was probably Max's first excursion to such a place in years. His life was meticulously planned by assistants-every meal, every outfit, decided the day before. So when they entered the vast space of the shopping mall, he paused, momentarily overwhelmed.
Brielle beelined for the yarn aisle, taking his hand. "What color do you fancy?"
Max considered his choice with the gravity of a major business deal. After a lengthy deliberation, he settled on a dignified grey. He looped the selected yarn with his finger and handed it to Brielle.
1/2
130
Chapter 502
She wasn't worried about picking the wrong color. Max had the kind of face that could make even the tackiest neon look regal. After bagging the yarn, Brielle's gaze drifted to a display of slippers nearby, and she couldn't help but point them out. "Look, couple's sets."
Indulging in a rare moment of whimsy, Max took the bag from her. "Should we get them?"
Without hesitation, Brielle grabbed a matching black and white pair and tossed them into the
cart.
She rarely went shopping, and doing it together with Max was an even rarer treat. She simply grabbed anything that seemed practical, especially if it came in a his-and-hers version.
They shopped for items from head to toe until the carts were brimming. Realizing she might have gotten carried away, Brielle felt a tad embarrassed. But as if by magic, Patrick emerged, silently directing the staff to transfer their haul to the car.
Once in the car, Brielle was too exhausted to lift a finger.
When they returned to Premier Palace, Wesley was already waiting by the door, as if he knew. they'd arrive together. "Sir, Ms. Brielle."
Wesley directed the staff to unload the car and unpack the items.
Suddenly, Brielle recalled the couple's theme of their purKenzos and felt a twinge of embarrassment with so many eyes on her. "I'll help," she offered, moving to tackle the unpacking herself, but Wesley stopped her.
"Ms. Brielle, please, have a seat."
She settled on the couch, though not for long. Among the pile, she spotted several boxes of condoms, and her cheeks flushed with heat.
Two staff members were still unwrapping items, Wesley was supervising, and even Patrick was bustling about, arranging their other purKenzos.
Brielle shot up from her seat, covering the boxes with her hands. She hadn't bought those; it must have been Max's doing.
She turned to find Max, who was nonchalantly perusing a document, unaffected by the unfolding scene. Who would have guessed that with his austere and distant demeanor, Max had slyly slipped a few boxes of condoms into their shopping just half an hour earlier?
###Chapter 503
Chapter 503
Brielle's cheeks burned with a rush of heat as she hastily snatched the box from the pile.
"I got this one. You guys take care of the rest," she said, cutting off any potential response from the others as she quickly whisked the box away to the master bedroom.
With the door securely locked behind her, the feverish tension that had gripped her began to dissipate as if she had narrowly escaped disaster. Tentatively, she touched her still-flushed cheeks, alarmed by their heat.
In a flurry, she pulled out the contents of the box-a few assorted items from the alleyway market-and carefully stowed them into her bedside drawer.
Her eyes couldn't help but dart to the assortment of item. Max did have a knack for shopping. A fresh wave of heat colored Brielle's face as she made sure there were no other bizarre surprises within the box. Breathing a sigh of relief, she felt as if she had narrowly avoided at social catastrophe in front of so many.
When Brielle returned downstairs a half-hour later, Max was nowhere to be seen, so she decided to break out the yarn she had bought. After all, Christmas was just around the corner, and she had to work overtime to get her projects done in time.
She glanced out at the backyard where a lush greenhouse garden bloomed, a riot of color even in the dead of winter, tended to by a top-notch horticulturist.
Settling down, Brielle turned to Wesley, who was nearby. "Wesley, could you please pass me some paper and a pen?"
Wesley obliged, a smile playing at the corners of his eyes as he saw the yarn by her side. He instructed the chef to prepare some pastries and coffee, setting them down on the table beside her.
Brielle sketched the rough shape of a scarf on the paper, intending to embroider Max's name on one end. But considering his stature as a CEO, flaunting his name around his neck seemed a bit tacky. After revising several times and designing a variety of fonts, she finally scrapped them all in favor of drawing a delicate iris in the corner of the scarf. This small detail pleased her immensely, and she began to knit immediately.
Meanwhile, Max had arrived at the nursing home after a call from Martha herself.
"Mother."
He entered to find Alivia spoon-feeding Martha some soup.
Alivia's second task was to redeem her image in Max's heart. So, after parting ways with the others, she had rushed over.
Martha was not in the best of health today. She could sense Alivia's mood was low, and after inquiring, she discovered the relationship between Max and Brielle had become public.
13:01
Chapter 503
Martha felt uneasy, but knowing that even Michael had no sway over Max, she tried to contain her frustration for the time being.
It had been a long while since she had seen Michael. They didn't resemble a couple as much as they did business partners.
"Max, you've come," Martha said, easing a bit when she noticed Brielle wasn't with him.
A doctor followed Max, needing to administer an injection to Martha, who had fainted that morning due to excessive emotion and had only recently regained consciousness.
The side effects of the new medication were becoming apparent, and every fainting spell was cause for alarm, fearing it could be the last.
Max sat on the other side of Martha's bed, expression neutral as he adjusted the blanket over her. At this gesture, Martha's heart softened. "You are always so busy with work. You visit me less often than Alivia does."
Max's gaze didn't meet Alivia's, who kept her eyes lowered; her body was tense with anticipation. But she couldn't avoid Max forever. She needed to act swiftly on her plan.
Martha's health was fragile, and any mishap due to Max and Brielle could change their relationship. Would Max be able to remain at peace with Brielle then?
It was unlikely.
As Martha had said, a relationship mired in guilt was an unbearable path to tread-every step was like a blade to the leg, and every moment was torture.
Alivia's lips curled into a cold smirk. If she could bear it a little longer, she could strike Brielle a fatal blow from which she'd never recover. Every bit of patience now would pay off. She intended to dismantle their relationship, bit by bit, until they were utterly apart.
"Mother, what caused the fainting?"
Max had instructed everyone at the facility not to burden Martha with any external news. She needed peace to recover. Having just gone public with Brielle, Martha's fainting spell seemed more than just a coincidence to him.
Martha massaged her forehead. "Just a nightmare, I suppose. I keep feeling as though my time. is running short. I wish to see you more. If you and Alivia were to have a child..."
###Chapter 504
Chapter 504
Max could be honest with anyone about his relationship with Brielle, but with Martha, it was a different story.
Martha was on new medication, and the doctors had warned that she couldn't handle any shocks. Spilling the beans now could exacerbate her condition and render all their efforts futile.
She looked pale, her grip on Alivia's hand gentle but firm. "I called Alivia over to keep me company," she said, patting her hand. "She asked if you'd be coming by. Max. Have you two had a falling out?" Max frowned but kept his temper in check. "You've had your shot, Mom. You should rest."
Martha lay in bed, her thoughts wandering. If things kept going this way, Brielle and Max might even have a child before she knew it. And she would never allow such an illegitimate child to exist.
"Max, promise me," she said, her eyes betraying a hint of madness. "My grandchild can only be born to Alivia. No one else is worthy."
Max saw her on the brink of an episode and gently patted her back. "Mom, rest now. We'll talk about this later."
Martha was not easily placated, but the meds were overpowering, and drowsiness swept her. Her fingers still clung to a corner of Max's shirt.
over
Once she was asleep, Max looked up at Alivia, who appeared calm but was actually clutching her fingers tightly. The nail marks from the night before were still visible on her palm, throbbing with pain, but it was this pain that kept her alert.
"Max, I'm sorry." Alivia said, her eyes reddening as she looked up at him. "Have my actions lately disgusted you?"
Max remained silent, curious about what she was trying to convey.
Alivia took a deep breath, her gaze earnest. "I'm not a good person. We've grown
grown up in this circle, knowing that if we want something, we fight for it. My goal since childhood was to marry you. So, for Brielle, who came out of nowhere, I can't welcome her."
"I heard she was pregnant, and you didn't even know about the child. This makes me despise her even more. To me, she's no different from those women trying to rise through social classes using their children. That's why I've been looking for ways to push her out, and I've done some foolish things."
As she spoke, her voice choked up. "We've known each other for over a decade. I've been chasing your shadow since we were kids. Even if I can't be with you, I've always treated you like family. I believe Brielle isn't good enough for you, which is why I went to such lengths to drive her away. But now I understand that someone like you has never cared about status or
1/2
Chapter 504
position. So, I want to apologize to you. If possible, I'll apologize to Brielle, too. I called her today. I don't know if she told you, but I invited her for afternoon tea, wanting to apologize in person, but she hung up on me."
Her eyes fell, her demeanor sincere. "From now on, I will genuinely wish you the best, and I should try to move on myself. Jaired is coming back soon, right? I promised to consider him, so you don't have to avoid me."
Her words were full of humility, and she expressed concern that Max might've been making a mistake with Brielle and had resorted to unsavory tactics out of worry.
As for Alivia calling Brielle, Max was right there when it happened, and he was the one who ended the call, so he knew Alivia wasn't lying. Whether she had really seen the light or was playing a calculated game, Max couldn't tell.
Chapter 505
###Chapter 505
Chapter 505
Alivia's heart sneered beneath a facade of repentance, her strategy as cunning as ever. By painting herself as a hopeless admirer brought low, she diluted the severity of her mistakes.
It was all because she liked him so much that she erred. It was only out of concern that she might've fallen for the wrong guy that she went to extremes.
She was ready to apologize, to make amends. Now, she was even trying to let him go and give it a shot with Jaired. After all she had done, what more could he ask for? Even Max had nothing to say at this point.
Last night's vengeance had been dealt, the necessary words spoken. Now, faced with Alivia's earnest apology, if he were to remain stone-faced, he'd come off as the aggressor.
A woman who erred from loving him too much, who had resolved to move on, deserved to have bygones be bygones.
Alivia had predicted this outcome, so when Max remained silent, she pressed on. "About that rosary, mine really did go missing. When I saw Brielle wearing one on her wrist, and considering I never liked her, I jumped to conclusions. I can apologize to her for that, too."
Alivia produced a tastefully wrapped box from her purse and extended it towards him. "Last night, my brother gave me a talking-to and set me straight this morning. I wanted to meet Brielle in person to apologize, but she probably doesn't want to see me right now. Please, give her this gift for me. Max, I don't want Jaired to hear about any of this. I waited for you for years, and he's waited for me just as long. So, after I've apologized to Brielle in person, can we pretend this never happened? Jaired's always been good to me; I don't want him to find out and lose face."
Max didn't reach for the gift box. Instead, he lifted a hand to massage his temple, his head throbbing occasionally. His voice softened. "No need for gifts. If you're willing to give it a go. with Jaired, then do it right."
A smile flickered on Alivia's face as she dabbed at her reddened eyes
"Last night was truly embarrassing, the most embarrassing night of my life. Thankfully, my brother woke me up. I've let go of you now, and I hope our future encounters won't be awkward. Jaired and I will attend the party tomorrow night. My brother said we're treating it as a welcome-back party for Jaired. I'm telling you in advance so you and Brielle don't feel obliged."
With the conversation steering towards Jaired's welcome back party, how could Max not attend? Besides, he had already agreed to go with Brielle.
He stood up, his tone indifferent. "I haven't seen Jaired in a while, and Andrew and your brother are probably missing him too. I'll be there with Brielle." Alivia sighed with relief. "Great, I'll let him know. It's also the perfect chance to show him you're
1/2
13-01
Chapter 505
taken."
Her words were watertight, leaving Max with no retort. Just then, his phone rang. It was Brielle. He stepped out into the corridor to take the call.
Alivia sat, watching his departing figure, a cold sneer crossing her features. This was her plan. and it was working.
And her declaration to try things with Jaired was genuine. Jaired indulged her, willing to engage in her schemes. Once Jaired arrived in Beaconsfield, the real show would begin.
She would never forget last night's humiliation; it was etched into her very bones. And if she ever had to confront Brielle again, she would ensure it was a fatal blow.
Fortunately, this episode was behind her.
She breathed a sigh of relief, and then her gaze fell on Martha, venom flashing in her eyes. If she couldn't have what she wanted, neither would Brielle. If it came down to it, she'd use Martha to drive a wedge between them.
They would never have peace.
Never!
###Chapter 506
Chapter 506
Max had reached the end of the hallway when he pressed the answer button on his phone.
"Brielle?"
"Max, Wesley is wondering what kind of soup you'd like. They're whipping something up in the kitchen right now."
Max chuckled and raised his hand to massage his forehead, easing the headache that was building there. "That man's favorite pastime must be having the kitchen brew soups."
Brielle laughed while her fingers danced with yarn and knitting needles. "Seems like it. Every time I visit Premier Palace, Wesley has a pot of soup on the go."
No sooner had she finished her sentence than she heard Max cough twice. Her knitting paused. and she leaned her cheek closer to the phone on the table. "You should come back soon. I'm worried about your health."
Max had checked out of the hospital early, which was a stretch. The wounds had slightly reopened after he couldn't resist spending a night with Brielle.
He had been on edge, and only now had he begun to relax, but trouble had flared up at the rehab center. When a patient was pushed too hard, the body inevitably protested.
Hearing no reply from him, Brielle feared the worst. She couldn't stay put any longer. "Where are you? I'll come pick you up.
The idea of a woman picking up a man brought an amused sparkle to Max's eyes. It was an intriguing reversal.
"I'm still at the rehab center. If you're coming to fetch me, then I'll wait for you.
Sweet warmth flooded Brielle's heart, and she smiled. Just as she was about to set aside her knitting and head out, Max spoke again. "Keep knitting that scarf, though. I want to wear it." You couldn't have your cake.and eat it too.
Brielle sat back down, only resuming her peaceful knitting after Max said he'd get someone else to pick him up.
And that someone else was Andrew.
Andrew had been tuned into the grapevine gossip since last night. He went from initial shock to a begrudging acceptance, but that calm boiled over into a frenzy at the sight of Max. "Max, what the heck happened last night? Did you really flaunt your thing with Brielle in front of the old man?"
Max was sitting in the driver's seat, coughing twice before closing his eyes lightly. "Yeah." Andrew suddenly found himself at a loss for words, feeling stifled.
1/2
13:01
Chapter Sub
How had Max fallen for Brielle's charms? She seemed unremarkable, just a pretty face. Beyond that, what did she really have to offer? It all seemed ludicrous to Andrew, perhaps the most absurd situation he'd encountered in years..
He didn't know what to say, having always seen Brielle as nothing more than a canary. Now, this canary was settling in, and as someone who had never welcomed her, Andrew was definitely conflicted. And now, Aubree was still miffed with him over the whole Brielle fiasco. The
thing was
that Max and Brielle seemed to have gotten closer amidst the chaos, leaving Andrew feeling even more frustrated.
Andrew's hands gripped the steering wheel as he changed the subject, "By the way, Jaired's racked up some top honors in the military over the years. The Riddle family's patriarch is beaming with pride. With Jaired returning, it looks like he might take over the Riddle family reins."
Jaired had always been the most reckless and independent among them. Having angered his grandfather as a teenager, he was shipped off to the military. At his lowest, he reportedly went three days without a meal in the desert.
The old man had the heart to treat his grandson with such tough love, refusing to let him return. Jaired, stubborn as a mule, held out and, against all odds, earned numerous commendations, climbing the ranks. Now, among the younger generation, Jaired's military standing was arguably the most secure.
Max mentioned Jaired with a hint of a smile, "The guy's got a spine of steel."
Andrew cracked a smile, too, noting the festive decorations outside. "Are you bringing Brielle to the gathering?"
It was a social event for their inner circle. Bringing Brielle would implicitly inform everyone of her status with him. And with a crowd expected, including progeny of officials and magnates with their partners, these social gatherings typically didn't welcome mistresses or flings.
"If not Brielle, then who?" Max's tone was indifferent, a hint of pride flickering in his eyes as the car passed a display window.
"Did Tessa ever knit you a scarf?"
The abrupt change in topic caught Andrew off guard for a moment.
###Chapter 507
Chapter 507
He paused for a few seconds before shaking his head subconsciously. "No, why?"
"What about Aubree?"
"Aubree's got a fierce temper and isn't exactly the crafty type."
"Right. Brielle said she's knitting me a scarf."
Andrew's feet almost slipped off the pedals, nearly slamming the brakes in shock. As he turned incredulously to glance at Max, he noticed a faint smile playing at the corners of Max's usually Stoic face.
Andrew was a rough-around-the-edges kind of guy, but even he sensed that this must've been some sort of brag. He frowned deeply, his expression indescribable. He even wondered if Max had been switched out at some point because this behavior was just too outlandish.
Too sullen to speak, he drove in silence all the way until he dropped Max off. His mood remained clouded even when he was alone in his car.
He pulled out his phone, tempted to call Aubree, but she had been avoiding him lately. If he wanted to see her, he'd have to go to her place.
Aubree had bought a house a while back, but since she and Andrew had been in an on-and-off relationship, she usually stayed over at his place. Now, Andrew's home was filled with both of their belongings, from the entryway mat to the bed sheets, all of which Aubree had picked out. He had grown accustomed to his space being overrun by Aubree's things, and he didn't mind it one bit.
Andrew parked outside Aubree's apartment building, idly tapping his fingers on the steering wheel as he waited to see when she would appear. He waited from afternoon till nightfall, patient as a panther lurking in the shadows for its prey.
Clad in a coat, Aubree walked slowly back home, accompanied by another taller and seemingly male figure.
Andrew's eyes narrowed, and he hunched over the steering wheel: He rarely paid attention to Aubree's personal life, including her friends and social circles, but now, the sight of a strange man by her side sent a jolt through his spine.
Aubree was surprised to find Andrew had come over on his own. Her high heel had broken earlier in the evening, and luckily, a neighbor from her building had given her a lift home. She thanked him and headed towards her building, but then she was suddenly pulled into a car before she could enter the lobby.
She nearly screamed, and her mouth was quickly covered by a firm hand. "It's me."
Recognizing his voice, Aubree relaxed, then immediately began to struggle in anger. "What are you doing?"
Chapter 507
Andrew wrapped an arm around her, his hand already wandering. "Who was that guy? Got yourself another man on the side?"
Aubree scoffed, noticing several neighbors heading their way, If they caught on to the commotion in the car, It would certainly lead to gossip, "Let me go first."
But Andrew reclined the seat and pressed down on her, ruthlessly tearing at her clothes. Startled, Aubree saw the neighbors drawing closer and nearly pleaded as she grabbed Andrew's hand. "Not like this, we'll be discovered."
However, Andrew always did as he pleased, brushing her hand aside and easily having his way. The car began to rock, and the approaching neighbors were visibly shocked by the sight of the trembling vehicle.
Her room was just upstairs, and yet Andrew couldn't hold back, a blatant act of indecency.
Fuming, Aubree pounded on Andrew's chest, but he was much taller and overpowering. In a fit of rage, she bit down hard on his shoulder, tasting blood in her mouth.
The pain was hardly a bother to Andrew. In fact, he intensified his movements, making the car shake even more violently. He didn't live here and couldn't care less what the neighbors thought of him. And so, he also dismissed how they might judge Aubree. That was none of his concern; all he wanted was the thrill of the moment.
Aubree closed her eyes, not wanting to imagine what the homeowners' chat group would be saying later.
Three hours later, Andrew finished, planting a kiss on her lips. "Will you come back tomorrow night?"
Aubree silently dressed, ignoring him. The car was heavy with the scent of their encounter, and tears threatened to spill from her eyes as she dressed.
However, the dim light concealed them from Andrew's notice. Without a response from Aubree, he assumed she was still angry. Had he not satisfied her?
###Chapter 508
Chapter 508
When Andrew was with Aubree, his mind was completely about sex.
"Jaired's coming back tomorrow, and I'm taking Tessa to his welcome-back party. No one will be home tomorrow. Oh, and the clothes I left on the couch are dirty. Remember to toss them in the washing machine for me, will you? I won't be coming home tonight. Got to help Tessa pack. She probably needs to bring some meds, too." He rattled off his to-do list while fiddling with the buttons on his shirt.
Aubree had just finished dressing and was already opening the car door.
Andrew's brow furrowed with concern. "Aubree, did you catch all that?"
Without a word, she stepped out of the car. He reached out and pulled her back, only to be met with a sharp slap across the face, leaving him stunned. Tasting blood on his lip, Andrew spat, "What the hell, Aubree? You've been on edge for days, and now this? Do you expect me to grovel at your feet forever? Can't we just call it quits while we're ahead?"
Aubree's body trembled. She wanted to retort but instead just tightened her coat around her and walked into the lobby.
Left alone in the car, Andrew was fuming and clueless about her sudden outburst. "Damn it, that hurt," he muttered, touching his cheek before consoling himself with the thought that at least he got what he wanted.
Feeling angry and frustrated, Andrew floored the gas pedal, speeding away from the scene.
Clutching her coat, Aubree had barely reached the elevator when she heard a group of men. chuckling nearby.
"There she is, the talk of the town."
"Desperate much? In the car right outside? Looks like she's selling more than just her time."
"Hey, sweetheart, how much for a night? You're easy on the eyes, but is your price steep?"
Aubree ignored them, and her fingers trembled as she frantically pressed the elevator button, but the men were already closing in, eyeing her up and down. Her low-cut dress didn't help. revealing more than she intended.
The men's excitement grew with the sight.
"Quite the professional, huh? Name your price. We'll take you for the night and pay triple."
"You just got done in a car, so you won't mind us, will you?"
"C'mon, we're all customers here, so drop the act."
They had been watching and had seen the car rocking. The building's chat group was already ablaze with gossip. The older residents were appalled by such openness, branding her with derogatory names. This was not a high-end neighborhood and conservative views prevailed,
1/2
Chapter 508
so one could imagine the current state of the chat group.
When one of the men reached out to grab Aubree, she swatted his hand away with a forceful "Back off!"
That provoked them further. One grabbed her hair and slammed her against the wall. "Stop playing hard to get! You were all over that guy in the car, and now you're acting all innocent with us?!" Aubree clung to her coat as the men shoved and berated her until the elevator arrived. She burst through them, racing to her apartment. The men laughed, following her, kicking at her door, and cursing before finally departing.
Collapsing on the sofa, Aubree felt a stinging in her eyes. Her phone rang, and she quickly sat up at the sight of the flashing name. "Bri?"
Brielle was still knitting a scarf. Realizing she hadn't responded to Aubree's text, she decided to call. When she heard Aubree's hoarse voice, Brielle frowned. "Are you sick?"
Aubree shook, not from illness but from shame and fear. Andrew always trampled on her dignity with such indifference. "Just a bit of a cold, nothing serious. Anyway, tell me about you and Max. Are you two really together now?"
Brielle smiled softly. "Yeah, he's my boyfriend now."
"And Michael? He didn't react at all?"
Brielle's smile faded slightly. If Michael had reached out right after it happened, either to her or Max, she wouldn't feel so anxious. But since last night, there had been no calls to Max or her, as if nothing had happened.
That was the most terrifying part-no one knew what he was thinking. He was like a shallowly buried landmine; you never knew when it might explode, leaving everyone on edge.
###Chapter 509
I
Chapter 509
Max and Brielle were now an item, out in the open for all to see. Yet, Brielle couldn't shake the feeling that her happiness, every minute and every second of it, was somehow stolen.
After Brielle hung up the phone from explaining the previous night's events, she stared blankly at the ball of yarn before her until a slender hand picked it up. Following the hand, her gaze met Max's. Max had wrapped up his work and, noticing the embryonic shape of a scarf in her hands, raised an eyebrow. "Getting close to done?"
Brielle chuckled. Knitting a scarf wasn't exactly a quick affair, and with tomorrow's dinner party, it would take even longer to finish it. She wanted to wear it before Christmas, but that would mean hustling.
"Not even close."
Max set the yarn down and sat on the nearby couch. "Will I be able to wear it before Christmas?"
"Are you in a hurry?"
Although she had promised it as a Christmas gift, Max seemed more eager than ever.
Max nodded seriously. He was indeed anxious - after all, he had already bragged about it, and if he didn't wear it soon, Andrew's sharp tongue wouldn't let him live it down. "I'll try to finish it within three days."
So that night, when Max awoke at 2 a.m., he saw Brielle still working by lamplight. He instantly regretted pushing her.
"Brielle, let's get some sleep."
Rubbing her sore eyes, Brielle was already on the brink of sleep. Hearing Max suggest sleep. she dropped her knitting, rolled into his arms, and was asleep in under a minute.
Max found her exhaustion endearing. Expecting her to sleep in, he was surprised to find her up at dawn, knitting in the backyard.
Standing on the second-floor balcony, he watched her silhouette against the greenhouse's vibrant flowers, finding the scene utterly enchanting.
At noon, Jaired messaged the group, saying he had set off and would arrive in about three hours.
Jaired's gaze was sharp, his looks clean-cut and striking. Dressed in black boots with perfectly tucked pants and a tall frame, his presence was like the onset of spring - full of life and vigor. Glancing at his phone, Jaired chuckled and surveyed the outside world. The driver in front didn't dare strike up a conversation. In their circle, Jaired was known for his fearless deeds, a
1/2
13:02
Chapter 509
hero among his peers.
"Why would Max fall for someone outside our usual crowd?" he mused, finding it perplexing.
He tossed his phone aside. "Well, I'll see what this Brielle is like soon enough."
Restless, Jaired tagged Max in the group. [Bring your girlfriend, ok?]
Max seldom chatted, and Jaired was prepared for no reply. After sending the message, he tossed his phone aside again.
The reception was at a hotel in the suburbs, half an hour's drive along a winding mountain road - a world of wealth beyond imagination.
Brielle sat in the car, cheeks flushed from the cold breeze through the cracked window. Max buttoned her coat up to the top. "Button up, I don't want you to catch a cold."
She closed the window and smiled back at him. Just as she was about to speak, her phone rang - it was Mason calling. Mason was unaware of her recent activities and rarely called, except for company- related matters.
Brielle answered, hearing Mason's smug voice. "Brielle, the company's going public in the States today. Got anything to say?"
Her heart skipped a beat. Her eyes narrowed at the news. Mason sure moved fast. Their company was going public.
"I heard Dorsey International let you go?"
She glanced at Max. "Yeah."
Mason paused, then laughed. "Being fired might be a blessing in disguise."
Brielle hadn't told Max about her investment in the company yet, and she didn't plan to for the time being. It was her trump card - she had a solid backup for whatever the future held. "Any problems?"
"If I can't handle this with the money you've given, I don't deserve to be your partner. Do you know how shocked I was by that last ten billion? I even thought you were printing money behind our backs." Brielle smiled, the casino funds were far more fluid than any money printer.
"Brielle, don't worry about the IPO. We're well-funded, and I'll take care of our first-round investors."
"I trust you. Just remember, the capital we bring in serves us, not controls us. We keep the control in the family."
Chapter 510
###Chapter 510
Chapter 510
"Relax, by the time we combine our shares, we'll have well over sixty percent of the control in our hands. But there's something else I gotta mention - you remember Book, right? He's been stirring the pot while we've been gearing up to go public. There might be some market clashes down the road."
"Let's cross that bridge when we come to it," Brielle said, her voice cool as ice. The IPO was just the beginning of their climb to the top; there was a long road ahead.
After ending the call, she stared out the window, lost in thought, sparks of ambition flickering in her eyes. She couldn't help but check on Max. At the moment, Max had his Bluetooth earpiece in, busy in a conference call with the executives.
Despite the injuries he carried, he was like an unceasing engine. His position was a testament to his extraordinary talent and hard work. She needed to be stronger to stand by his side.
The hotel was ablaze with lights, and a barbecue grill had been set up outside, adding a festive air to the evening.
Tessa was out of her element in such a gathering, stuck to Andrew like ivy to an oak. Her eyes darted around, always wary whenever they landed on any woman who rivaled her own beauty. She scanned the crowd and didn't spot Brielle, which brought a cold smirk to her lips. Would Brielle dare show up tonight?
Just as she had that thought, a car pulled up in front of her. The door opened, and out stepped Max. He walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for Brielle.
The moment Brielle showed her face, all eyes were drawn to her.
Max having a girlfriend was no longer a secret, but this was the first time he'd brought a date to such an event, and everyone was surprised.
The sight of Brielle made Tessa's face darken, and she clutched Andrew's arm unconsciously.
She'd heard the rumors but never imagined Max would actually pick Brielle. Somehow, the thought that someone as lowly as Brielle could rise to the top, made her fear being replaced by Aubree one day, especially since the two women were friends..
When Andrew caught sight of Brielle, a sharp glint passed through his eyes before he greeted Max. "Come on, let's head in."
Max nodded and reached for Brielle's hand, concerned she might be nervous. But Brielle was more at ease than he expected. "Of course," he thought, "why would someone who dared to play high-stakes poker be nervous about a few strangers?"
Brielle walked beside him, noticing the path to the entrance was lined with a pool, an ice rink, and the open barbecue pits, leading up to the Starcatcher Tower. The Starcatcher Tower was a bungee jumping site so high it seemed one could pluck stars from the sky. She marveled inwardly at the extravagance of the rich.
1/2
13-02
Chapter 510
Inside the hall, servants in black and white uniforms were everywhere, and the tables were laden with pastries and drinks. It was just a casual get-together, yet it had the air of a grand banquet. Unlike a formal event, the guests were dressed down, making those few in fancy attire seem out of place.
Brielle felt the weight of many gazes upon her. She caught the looks of curiosity and disdain. from the wealthy heirs and heiresses like spotlights attempting to reveal her every secret.
She quickly glanced around the room and saw the scions of the big four banks, the retail. princess, and the smartphone empire's young heir, intermingled with the current hotshots of the celebrity scene, likely accompanying the young elites. The caliber of this gathering was on par with any of the major galas back home.
Max seemed to sense her wonder and whispered an explanation. "The Riddle family is pretty old-school, with a lineage steeped in military honor. Business and politics run in Jaired's family, and he's got a sterling rep a lot of friends."
Brielle knew of Jaired and the Riddle family; anyone in Max's orbit was no ordinary person.
She reached out, lightly grasping the fabric of Max's sleeve. He thought she might've been hungry and asked softly, "Want something to eat?"
There was a variety of snacks, and he knew she preferred the less sweet options. He was about to fetch some for her when Brielle shook her head gently. "I'm not hungry."
Before she could say more, a pleasant male voice came from outside. "Drop it, man. The last time he left me in the desert for a week, I nearly turned into a mummy. You know how the old man is only interested in tough love."
Following that voice was Alivia's. "Grandpa cares about you. Do you remember when you fainted as a kid? he was so worried he almost passed out, too. Both of you were rushed to the hospital."
The man chuckled. "Alivia, you remember that? All that time I was away, you were on my mind." "You're so slick. You should've stayed out there longer, as long as you didn't kick the bucket." "You're heartless, you know? I worried about you the whole way back."
Their banter continued as they entered the hall.
###Chapter 511
Chapter 511
Jaired towered over Allvia, making her look almost delicate, like a damsel, by his side. His presence was commanding. likely a result of his military background. He stood tall and straight as an oak, even in his all-black attire. Yet, the dark hues didn't make him seem. brooding. Instead, he resembled a tree bursting through the earth, full of life and promise.
As he weaved through the crowd, he greeted everyone with a warm smile, as if he knew them. all personally. Every now and then, he'd turn to whisper something to Alivia, causing her to burst into laughter. Together, they were a striking pair.
Jaired's gaze landed on Max, his eyes lighting up with recognition. "Max," he called out, striding over with a confident galt, and clapping him on the shoulder. A wave of his masculine aura enveloped them. "Been a while, eh, Max?"
His attention quickly shifted to Brielle, sizing her up before his eyes darted back to Alivia as if drawing comparisons.
Max nodded to him, his usual cool demeanor unfazed. Max stood with an effortless grace, his silhouette smooth and refined-a stark contrast to Jaired's rugged charm.
Brielle locked eyes with Alivia, offering a faint smile that effectively blocked Alivia's intended path. Alivia's smile faltered for a moment before she returned the nod, acknowledging the silent confrontation.
The tension between the two women was palpable, and the surrounding onlookers, aware of Brielle's recent pairing with Max, were keen to witness the drama unfold. Rumors had it that Brielle had boldly claimed Max right from under Michael's nose.
Tonight, Brielle was undoubtedly the center of attention. The moment she stepped in, eyes-both overt and covert-were on her. Any disparaging remarks were kept at bay, for she was Max's girlfriend, the only one he'd publicly acknowledged in years.
Max's status was well-known; crossing Brielle in his presence was not just foolish-it was suicidal
The crowd watched with bated breath, expecting a showdown, but both women maintained a cool facade, like a battlefield devoid of smoke.
Brielle was genuinely indifferent, whereas Alivia was only masking her turmoil. Her heart was seething, especially witnessing Max and Brielle so openly together. The humiliation of that night and her deep- seated love for Max was too intense to hide, her fingernails digging into her palm.
Jaired, sensing her distress, gently touched her shoulder, subtly directing her away. "Those heels weren't made for standing all night, Alivia. Let's find you a seat."
Alivia glanced at him, a smile playing on her lips. "You seem more attentive since you've been away.
1/2
Chapter 511
"When have I ever been anything but?" he retorted. He then turned to Max. "I'll take Alivia over
there."
Max nodded, his gaze lingering on Brielle. "Hungry? Should we grab a bite?"
Brielle watched Jaired's retreating back. Was Jaired another suitor for Alivia? And one who seemed quite smitten at that.
Holding Alivia steady, Jaired caught the flicker of resentment in her eyes and smiled. "Why the rush? I promised I'd be back to help you, didn't I? Whatever you want, I'll get it for you."
Alivia took a deep breath, quickly regaining her composure. "Jaired, I knew I could count on you."
His lips curled in a smile, but he remained silent.
After seating Alivia among the high society ladies, Jaired was met with teasing remarks.
"Jaired, still carrying a torch for Miss Alivia, I see."
"Careful, or your old man might ship you off again."
With Alivia settled, Jaired's eyes twinkled with humor. "I've come back just to be around Alivia. Even if he sends me away, I'd find a way back."
His voice carried, and those nearby overheard. His words gave Alivia a sense of validation. He was the sole heir to the Riddle estate, arguably the most prestigious lineage there, handsome and unyieldingly devoted to Alivia. Despite knowing her heart lay elsewhere, he waited patiently.
What was it about Alivia that drew such admiration?
The women looked on with envy. On one hand, she had a childhood friend in Max, a brother like Kenzo, and now Jaired was relentlessly pursuing her. Calling her the darling of the heavens. seemed an understatement.
###Chapter 512
Chapter 512
Alivia's lips curved Into a sly smile as she reveled in the admiration that flowed her way. Every woman had her vanity, and Jaired's words had restored the dignity she felt she had lost that evening.
Among those seated, several harbored resentment towards Alivia for her typically haughty demeanor. Now, witnessing Jaired's doting, almost groveling behavior, their grudges seemed to deflate like a balloon. No one dared to cross the mighty Riddle family.
Alivia sat tall and poised, remaining at the epicenter of the circle of society ladies, basking in
their envious stares.
They all looked down on Brielle, thinking she was nothing more than a gold digger who had latched onto a catch. Yet, they all envied her, for she seemed to have it all. With this thought, Alivia's spirits lifted. Tonight was Jaired's welcome-back party, but it was also a casual get-together among friends, free from the usual pretense. The women chatted about wine, art, music, and travel.
As the conversation grew animated and the mood was light, Brielle approached the group. The society ladies, who already held her in contempt, couldn't help but sneer. Did this woman really think they had accepted her?
Brielle had come near, searching for a seat, when Alivia stood up and took her hand with feigned closeness. "Brielle, you might not know everyone here. Let me introduce you. This is the darling of Summit Enterprises, and this lady is the director of CoreTech Innovations. Next to her is the heiress of Prestige Hardware," said Alivia warmly, making the introductions before turning to the others. "This is Max's girlfriend, Brielle. It's her first time here, so she might be a bit shy, but you'll all get to know her soon enough."
Alivia's face wore a smile, and beneath it, her mask of gentleness was firmly in place.
The introduced ladies remained silent, their aloofness thickening the awkward air with a hint of tension. They refrained from causing trouble for Brielle out of respect for Max, but with him not. by her side, there was no need to feign politeness.
Noticing the lack of response, Alivia's smile sharpened. She had made it a point to highlight the prestigious positions of the women present while reducing Brielle to simply 'Max's girlfriend."
Brielle lacked a notable family background, was recently fired from Dorsey International, and didn't even have the title of director to her name anymore. Now, her identity was nothing more than Max's girlfriend- a mere extension of a man.
Triumph sparkled in Alivia's eyes as she expected Brielle to feel humiliated, maybe even mortified, but Brielle scanned the seated women with a confident gaze, nodding slightly as if surveying her domain, before taking a seat.
Alivia's face darkened at her poise. Some of the other ladies were irked, too. Why should Brielle look at them that way, as if she were their equal?
13:02
d?como
Chapter $12
One of them smirked and spoke up in Italian. "Alivia, why bother with her? Her presence is an insult to our status."
These women had been groomed in the finest institutions; speaking multiple languages was second nature to them. The others were emboldened, knowing Brielle wouldn't understand, and that even if she complained to Max, she'd have nothing to say.
They joined in, still in Italian.
"She's nothing but a man-eater. She'll be dumped sooner or later. I heard she was once a top student-so what? All her efforts can't compare to us."
"I can't fathom why she sticks around Max. He's been elite since day one."
Alivia looked down, her lips curling into a smile, yet her face feigned sympathy for Brielle. "Brielle, you probably don't understand, right? No worries, they're just welcoming you in Italian."
The mocking ladies laughed, feeling superior as they watched Brielle.
Brielle brushed Alivia's hand aside and chose a seat at the head of the table, responding in flawless Italian, "Thank you all for the warm welcome, but since we're in Beaconsfield, let's not flaunt our poor language skills, shall we?"
The faces of the mocking ladies stiffened, and Alivia's expression flickered.
Brielle leaned back, looking up at Alivia. "Is such a welcome customary in Italy?"
###Chapter 513
Chapter 513
Alivia felt the sting of the remark as if she'd been slapped across the face. Her chest heaved with barely contained emotion.
The society ladies who had just been showing off their Italian were now flushed with embarrassment. They had intended to make Brielle the butt of their joke, mocking her with a language they thought she couldn't understand. To their chagrin, Brielle's Italian was even more fluent than theirs.
The atmosphere turned awkward; the moment they had spoken, they had become the jesters of the evening.
Brielle wasn't about to let Alivia off the hook. "Ms. Alivia, don't you understand Italian?" she asked, her voice tinged with nonchalance.
The question cornered Alivia. Admitting she understood meant she knew the other women were ridiculing her, when she told Brielle they welcomed her. Claiming ignorance would suggest that she was less cultured than Brielle, who had mastered the language. Having presented herself as gracious and friendly towards Brielle all evening, choosing the former would expose Alivia's duplicity to everyone.
Suppressing the turmoil within, Alivia managed a strained smile. "I really don't understand. Did they say something unpleasant?" Her gaze swept innocently over the other guests, while the instigators avoided her eyes, shifting uncomfortably.
Barely holding back her rage, which felt like a taste of blood in her mouth, Alivia addressed the crowd. "Brielle's not out often, and we rarely gather like this. This evening isn't just a welcome party for Jaired; it's also the first time Brielle's been at a social event like this."
She looked at Tessa, who was glaring daggers at Brielle. From the moment Tessa had seen Brielle, her mood had plummeted. Her eyes met Alivia's, and without words, they agreed that Brielle must be humiliated tonight.
At Alivia's cue, Tessa rose, her face pale but flushed with excitement at the thought of Brielle's impending disgrace. Unaware that Alivia had easily manipulated her emotions. Tessa was out of her depth against such cunning.
She approached the grand piano and casually asked, "Alivia, may I? I've heard this is a collector's pride. I've been practicing a piece recently, and seeing this piano makes me want to give it a go. Ms. Brielle, you wouldn't mind accompanying me, would you?"
Tessa, having been sheltered, must have honed other skills. She played the piano beautifully and was sure Brielle, an orphaned girl who later joined the Haywood family, couldn't compare. After all, would the Haywoods have ever provided her with a proper education?
Nodding. Alivia said, "Of course, this piano was indeed in a gallery before being brought here for a private concert."
Tessa's smile grew as she turned to Brielle. "Ms. Brielle, you play, don't you? Since it's our first
1/2
13.02
Chapter 513
time at such a gathering, let's relax with some music."
Relieved, the other ladies were ready to settle scores.
"Right, it's just a casual get-together among friends. If you're practicing, Brielle, why not join in?"
"Surely, you can play the piano? Our tutors were world-class."
"Don't pick on her, guys. She probably doesn't even know the make of this piano."
As the chatter continued, Alivia finally found some solace in their words. She turned to Brielle, feigning kindness. "If you're not up to it, I could assist Tessa. She loves playing, and now she's just inspired."
These women were born into privilege, well-versed in the arts. They had always enjoyed the finest, which was their fortune, but it was wrong for them to trample on those less fortunate.
Alivia, ever gentle, took hold of Brielle's arm. "Brielle, it's okay if you can't play. I'll help Tessa."
Chapter 514
###Chapter 514
Chapter 514
Her smile was as tender as a spring morning, but the words that slipped through those lips were as fake as a three-dollar bill.
Brielle's silence spoke volumes, prompting a knowing glance between Alivia and Tessa, both shimmering with smug satisfaction. How could a woman who couldn't even play chopsticks on the piano have caught Max's eye? It seemed unfathomable. She could only hold someone's attention for so long before being tossed aside like last season's fashion.
That was the collective thought buzzing around the room. A few snickers broke out among the crowd.
However, Brielle stood up amidst the laughter and piercing stares, exuding a calm that seemed to quiet the room. "What can I do for you, Ms. Tessa?"
When Brielle spoke, Tessa's brow furrowed into a frown, her voice laced with mockery. "Play a duet with me. Either we do a four-hand performance on the piano, or perhaps, Ms. Brielle, you'd like to sing us a song instead?"
The insinuation was clear. Was she insinuating that Brielle was some kind of entertainer, there to sing for her supper?
If Brielle agreed to a four-hand duet, who knew what Tessa might play? If it turned out to be something Brielle didn't know, she'd be caught in a trap, her embarrassment serving as the evening's entertainment.
The onlookers were thrilled at the prospect of the drama unfolding, while the men continued to prattle on about stocks and bonds, oblivious to the brewing storm.
Alivia chimed in with feigned concern, "Brielle, if you're not up for it, there's no need to push
yourself."
Tessa had taken her seat at the piano and started playing with unwavering confidence. Alivia was about to join Tessa for the duet, but Brielle had other plans. She stepped to the side and picked up a violin. As the bow caressed the strings, the music came alive.
Brielle had foregone the piano duet, not wanting to give Tessa any more chances to trip her up. Instead, she chose the violin to accompany Tessa's piano.
The walls were lined with instruments. Alivia had mentioned an upcoming mini-concert for the next round of guests.
The violin sang like a nightingale in the still of the night, its notes intertwining with the piano's melody, each enhancing the other.
Tessa's face paled, her composure shaken. Alivia's expression also soured; her fingers curled into her palm, and her breath was caught in her chest.
1/2
13:02
The other ladies, who had been eagerly awaiting a spectacle, now wore strained smiles, at mixture of anger and frustration coloring their faces.
The harmony between the instruments soon caught the attention of the entire room, drawing. the gaze of the businessmen away from their financial discussions. Tessa grew more frantic, her usual poise crumbling under the spotlight of the high society's gaze. Her fingers trembled, barely avoiding a catastrophic mistake.
In contrast, Brielle stood poised, dressed in simple attire, her violin tucked under her chin. She exuded an aloof, detached air, her posture straight, seemingly untouched by the world around her. While Tessa's face betrayed her nerves, Brielle was the picture of composure.
Alivia fumed, her breath quickening, her face a mask of icy disdain. What was especially galling was the sight of the men, not far off, admiring Brielle's performance, and openly praising her violin skills. The duet was unexpectedly harmonious. Brielle's violin playing was so tender it seemed to embrace the world.
Alivia could bear it no longer and shot Tessa a look. Understanding her cue. Tessa knew she couldn't let Brielle continue to shine. She changed the piece mid-performance, shifting the piano's melody to one at odds with the violin's current tune. If Brielle continued to play as before, it would clash horribly, ensuring her disgrace.
A smirk crept back onto Alivia's face, and Tessa's focus returned, her playing smoother with renewed confidence.
As they were about to exchange triumphant glances, the violin's tone shifted, matching the piano's new direction. What was once a gentle stream became a forceful torrent, as sharp as a dagger in a dark alley.
Tessa's complexion turned ghostly white. Her hands were shaking so much she could hardly keep up. As nerves overtook her, mistakes crept into her playing, and sweat beaded on her brow. Meanwhile, Brielle remained unflappable, even quickening the tempo:
Out of the corner of her eye, Tessa saw the men whispering among themselves, her fingers. trembling even more. In the end, Tessa stopped, her face drained of color as sweat dripped down her cheeks, staining the ivory keys.
###Chapter 515
Chapter 515
Brielle's violin solo continued to weave through the air, now even more enchanting without the accompaniment of the piano. A sudden shift in the melody brought a more intense, somber aura to the hall. Alivia and Tessa bit their lips so hard they turned pale as sheets.
Max stood amidst the crowd, his eyes twinkling with amusement as he watched Brielle play. Jaired, standing beside him, narrowed his eyes in thought, but everyone shared one notion: Brielle was utterly captivating. Her complexion and aura were gentle, yet the music she drew from her violin spilled out like quicksilver, sharp and piercing. It cut through the silence like a visitor from death itself. It was hard to imagine a woman possessed of such intensity.
When the last note faded, Brielle lowered her violin and flashed a coy smile at the socialites who looked on with grim expressions. "Pardon my little performance."
Tessa remained seated at the piano, lips quivering, unable to utter a single coherent word. She wanted to faint right there and then, but that would only make her the laughingstock of the evening. Her fists clenched, slick with sweat.
Alivia also remained silent, her fingernails digging into her palms, wishing she could slap Brielle's smug face.
Such a show-off.
The silence hung heavy as the other ladies refrained from any further criticism of Brielle, but neither could they bring themselves to compliment her, resulting in an awkward atmosphere. Then Jaired stepped in with a smile. "There's a meteor shower at nine o'clock tonight, and we've got the best view right here. Why don't we all step outside and take a look? If we miss it, we'll have to wait another year."
His words presented a graceful exit for the ladies. Unable to praise Brielle and eager to leave, they took the opportunity to watch the meteor shower as a convenient excuse."
The crowd rose, their faces a mix of relief and embarrassment.
"Oh yes, I almost forgot about the meteor shower."
"It's almost time, let's not dally."
One by one, they left the hall.
Jaired glanced at Alivia and couldn't resist placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. Alivia trembled, her gaze catching Brielle approaching Max.
Max set his wine glass on a passing waiter's tray and, with a brazen hand at the back of her head, pulled Brielle into a kiss.
1/2
Chapter 515
Shock flitted across Brielle's eyes as she noticed the other men freeze, some even dropding their glasses. Her cheeks flushed with a rosy hue, heart racing. Max kissed her in front of all these people. The blush on her cheeks deepened,
The other men, already stunned by Max's public display of affection, were left in disbelief.
Max, who rarely attended such events and never with a date, was not only present but also kissing a woman. It seemed he was declaring to all, this was his significant other, not some fleeting arm candy, but a genuine girlfriend.
With the many eyes upon them, Max's kiss was brief and gentle. Their lips just touched. But even such a fleeting moment was fraught with intimacy, turning the cheeks of the socialites who witnessed it red with envy.
Alivia's whole body shook, her heart was heavy with humiliation, and her eyes were red with unshed tears.
Brielle, you bitch!
Tessa, still seated at the piano, was pale as a ghost. Her music had faltered and failed to keep up with Brielle's performance. Her scalp tingled with rage, and she felt so weak with hatred that she nearly fainted.
Seeing the couple's blatant affection, Tessa clenched her fists in frustration. She longed to find Andrew for some solace, but Andrew was nowhere to be seen in the crowd. Did he think she was an embarrassment? Did he regret bringing her?
Tessa's resentment soared, her gaze venomously fixed on Brielle.
Max had already released Brielle, his hand sliding from her hair to pat her back. "You played beautifully."
He adored her confidence in public, the subtle menace in her music, and most of all, the way she blushed like a bunny when she faced him.
###Chapter 516
Chapter 516
How could someone be so changeable, making one's heart involuntarily soften?
Brielle avoided the gazes of the others, feigning nonchalance as she glanced outside. "How about we go check out the meteor shower?"
Max knew she was shy and chuckled softly, "Yeah." With that, his fingers continued their descent, entwining with hers.
Brielle's mind thundered, and her ears turned crimson. She didn't notice Tessa, still seated as if frozen in place.
As the crowd began to move outside, Alivia approached Tessa. "Andrew left the moment he saw you stop." This revelation shattered the last bit of Tessa's dignity. It was all Brielle's fault! Everything was. Brielle's fault! After delivering the blow, Alivia whispered conspiratorially, "She just stepped all over you and stole the spotlight."
"That bitch! I won't let her get away with this!"
Alivia smirked and said, "Well, it's up to you now."
Tessa stood up abruptly and strode outside with determined steps.
By now, Brielle had made her way outside. She noticed the ladies' flushed faces and their awkward glances as she and Max walked out hand in hand.
No one met her eyes, but among those looks. Briell
into her back one from Alivia and one from Tessa.
felt two particularly resentful stares boring
Brielle ignored them, instead focusing on the sky above.
She thought she'd have a moment of peace, but her phone rang - it was Mason. It could be about the company going public. She couldn't afford to be negligent, so she sought out a quiet spot to take the call. Heading towards the pool area to answer, Brielle heard footsteps behind her. Frowning, she turned and saw Tessa.
Having not found comfort from Andrew and spurred on by Alivia's words, Tessa followed Brielle once she'd left Max alone. The hatred in Tessa's eyes was palpable, boiling in her chest. She had to do something, or she'd never sleep tonight!
"You're pathetic, thinking you can stay by Max's side like this? Just look at Aubree's fate to know yours. Both of you are birds of a feather, clinging to men who are to be engaged to others, vile and conniving. "Aubree will never win Andrew's heart, and you won't win Max's. Men of their stature will never
13:03
Chapter 516
love girls like you. You're just toys to them, disposable dolls, and will be tossed aside when they're done!
"Brielle, don't be smug, you're nothing!"
When people felt humiliated or inadequate, they lashed out to prove themselves right. Criticizing, blaming, and berating others could quickly soothe their own discomfort.
Tessa spewed a litany of venom, fueled by her resentment of being overshadowed by Brielle. She was nearly senseless with rage. How could a girl raised in an orphanage surpass her in music? This was the ultimate disgrace!
"Brielle, your face makes me sick and reminds me of Aubree - hooking up with her so-called brother. Both of you are ethically repugnant!" Tessa's eyes were ablaze with venom.
Brielle knew Tessa was unhinged by the evening's events, having embarrassed herself at Tessa's first high-society gathering. How could a woman so accustomed to adoration accept such humiliation? Brielle looked up, pointing at her phone. "Are you done? Because I need to take this call. And don't worry about me and Aubree. We'll both outlive you."
That hit Tessa where it hurt. This was the last straw, pushing Tessa over the edge.
With a lunge forward, Tessa hissed, "You think you'll live long? Then die now!"
Brielle mocked Tessa's longevity, looking down on her - Tessa wanted this bitch's life!
Behind Brielle was the pool, with both shallow and deep ends - the latter being quite deep, meant for diving.
Brielle's phone flew from her grasp as she stumbled backward. A chill crossed her brow as she grabbed Tessa's clothing, and together, they plunged into the water.
###Chapter 517
Chapter 517
As the night sky lit up with a magnificent meteor shower, all eyes were drawn upward, entranced by the celestial spectacle. No one noticed the drama unfolding by the poolside except for Alivia and Jaired.
Alivia's expression was icy as she watched the scene with a chilling indifference. Poor Tessa couldn't swim to save her life, and with Brielle's reckless move, it was very likely that Tessa could drown in the deep end.
A smirk curled on Alivia's lips as Jaired's voice whispered in her ear. "Aren't you going to save her?"
"No," she replied coolly. "If Tessa has an accident because of Brielle, the Rowland family won't let it slide. Neither will Andrew."
"I thought Tessa was your friend?"
"Friends? Aren't they just tools to be used?"
Her tone was flippant, and Jaired chuckled softly beside her. "Alivia, you haven't changed a bit since the day I met you."
In front of Jaired, Alivia never felt the need to hide who she was. He knew her true nature, and it seemed the more flawed she was, the more he was drawn to her. Only in his presence did she ever feel at ease.
Meanwhile, Brielle choked on a gulp of water in the pool as she tried to surface. But Tessa, in her panic, clung to her desperately as if determined to drag them both down to the murky depths.
Brielle was a strong swimmer, but Tessa's flailing and kicking was weighing her down, and her breath was quickly knocked out of her. The water rushed in from all directions, and her chest tightened with discomfort.
Tessa kicked off Brielle, gasping for air as her head broke the surface. "Just die already. Brielle!"
Underfoot, Brielle struggled to see through the murky water. Tessa, wanting her dead more quickly, delivered a vicious kick.
Seeing no other choice, Brielle grabbed Tessa's ankle and pulled her down. Tess hadn't expected Brielle to fight back. Her face went pale as she began to sink rapidly. Her swimming skills were mediocre, and Brielle's interference left her unable to muster any strength.
Tessa's lungs screamed for air, but she knew that if she gave in, she would truly die here. She clutched at Brielle's arm, refusing to let her swim upwards.
If death were imminent, they would die together.
Human strength in moments of desperation could be terrifying. Brielle felt Tessa's grip like a
1/2
15.02
Chapter 517
dead weight. They plunged deeper, bubbles rushing upwards.
It was over. Brielle was going to die because of Tessa. She had imagined her death before, but never like this. Never so undignified.
Suffocating, darkness, pain.
The light from above grew distant as if countless hands were dragging her deeper. A cold sensation spread throughout her body as she closed her eyes. "Splash!"
Someone had entered the water.
Brielle had struggled too long. Even a second more felt impossible. Tessa, frail and unskilled, sank even lower.
Brielle felt light-headed and in pain as something pierced her skin. Noise surrounded her. A warmth spread through her body, stinging her eyes.
Voices reached her ears.
"When is she going to wake up?"
"Max, be patient."
"Did you check the surveillance? How did they end up in the water?"
"We checked. There's no coverage of that area-it's a pool, and the hotel is private. They can't install cameras everywhere."
Max's face darkened as he saw Brielle's pale form on the hospital bed, a flicker of rage passing in his eyes.
Jaired sat casually in a chair in the hospital room, toying with a cigarette he'd pulled from nowhere. "Brielle's fine now, isn't she? She's only sleeping because she was briefly deprived of oxygen. It's Tessa we should worry about. She's still in critical condition, and the Rowland family would tear Brielle apart if they could."
If it weren't for Max's presence, Brielle would probably already be in pieces.
A smirk crossed Jaired's face as he lounged in the chair, which seemed almost too small for his tall frame. His military posture was impeccable, his buzz cut sharp and imposing.
He glanced down, his lips curving into a smile. "Imagine if Tessa doesn't make it. What then?" Max remained silent.
Chapter 518
Chapter 518
###Chapter 518
Chapter 518
Two hours had passed since the incident, and the hospital corridor outside was swarming with the Rowlands. If Max hadn't been holding the fort in that hospital room, Brielle would have undoubtedly been drowned in a sea of vitriol from every last one of them.
Max sat down, picked up a cotton swab, dipped it in water, and gently moistened Brielle's lips. "Brielle isn't the type to go looking for trouble," he said with a casual detachment.
Jaired raised an eyebrow, his gaze drifting to Brielle lying on the bed. He still couldn't figure it out-was Max genuinely devoted to Brielle? Feelings were fickle, after all. How long would Max's affection last? He looked down, unable to resist lighting up a cigarette between his fingers, only to be chided, "Take that outside. We're in a hospital."
Jaired's face flushed with embarrassment as he quickly stood up. "Alright, alright, I won't smoke around your princess."
With long strides, he left the room.
The atmosphere in the corridor was hushed, with the Rowlands standing or sitting in wait. They merely nodded upon seeing Jaired emerge. He pocketed his cigarette, tossed it into a trash can, and clapped Andrew on the shoulder. "She'll pull through," he assured him.
No sooner had he spoken than the door to Brielle's room swung open, and Max stepped out. Upon seeing him, Andrew stiffened, his anger palpable as he grabbed Max by the collar. It was the first time their friendship had reached such a tense point in years. "If anything happens, I won't let Brielle off the hook."
Max's collar wrinkled under Andrew's grip. He looked up, meeting Andrew's bloodshot eyes just before being shoved against the wall. "Max, I can't believe you'd throw away years of brotherhood for a girl," Andrew spat out.
Jaired was startled and quickly stepped between them. "Hey, hey, let's talk this out. Tessa will be fine, Brielle too. We're all brothers. There's no need for this."
"He's not my brother!" Andrew seethed, barely able to control his breathing. "I'm seen as nothing but your lackey! A lapdog! Do I look like I need that? If I didn't consider you my brother. why would I put up with it? They're right about you, Max. You're an untouchable saint. If that's the case, then stay in your ivory tower! I'm sick of being your shadow!"
Jaired's expression darkened, his hand resting on Andrew's clenched fist. "Andrew, you're heated. Cool It," he urged.
Andrew's eyes instantly reddened, and seeing Max's silent stoicism only fueled his rage.
Damn it!
In a swift motion, he threw a punch. It wasn't a heavy blow, holding back the force that years of
friendship warranted. Max could have easily dodged but chose not to, and the punch landed
12
13:03
Chacher $18
squarely on his cheek, leaving a bruised mark on his skin.
The other Rowlands stood up in shock, but with the sons of the Dorsey and Clements families at odds, no one dared intervene-they all turned to Jaired in a silent plea for peace.
Jaired was also taken aback by Andrew's gesture, especially seeing Max with a bruised face-a rare sight. The nonchalant expression disappeared from his eyes, and the curve of his lips. gradually faded. This was trouble.
Max continued to gaze at Andrew, calmly asking, "Have you calmed down?"
Andrew's hand, gripping Max's collar, began to tremble. Why wasn't he avoiding it?
The two of them were of similar height, and the tense atmosphere between them almost ignited the space around them.
Andrew's eyes turned crimson, like a wild beast, and suddenly he didn't know what to say.
The room fell into silence until the emergency room doors swung open, and the doctor emerged, removing his mask. "Ms. Tessa is stable, but she'll need to take care of her health from now on. She's always been frail, and the chill has taken a toll. She'll need time to recover." With a sigh of relief, Andrew let go of Max and hurried towards Tessa's room.
The Rowland began to disperse. Who would have thought that Max would take a punch today? It was hardly believable.
Soon, only Max and Jaired remained. Max touched his cheek gingerly, his brow furrowing slightly.
Jaired felt a stifling frustration, his throat itching with tension. "You didn't dodge that punch. It looks like you're trying to let the Rowlands cool off, huh? Brielle caused Tessa's fall into the water, and even if it wasn't her fault, it started because of her. Now Andrew has hit you. If the Rowlands keep making a fuss, it'll show they're petty. After all, Tessa's life isn't in danger. Businessmen are surely calculative," he observed.
Chapter 519
###Chapter 519
Chapter 519
Max was indeed planning Just that. Without surveillance, the situation was stacking up against Brielle. He took a punch from Andrew, right under the watchful eyes of the Rowland clan, who saw it as taking one for Brielle. Should Jaxon stir up trouble for Brielle again, it would seem out of line. After all, Jaxon was an elder and his grand-daughter recently tied the knot with the Dorsey family. He had to play nice for appearances. As for the rest of the Rowland folks, Max couldn't care less.
Finally, Jaired pulled out a cigarette, lit it, and exhaled a perfect ring of smoke. "Damn, are you playing tricks on me now?"
Max ignored him, returning to the hospital room instead.
Jaired, stuck outside, grew even more frustrated.
Inside the room, Brielle's eyelashes fluttered twice before her eyes slowly opened. She'd just choked on water and recovered after a couple of stomach presses. Her current unconscious state was due to a lack of oxygen. Now she's awake, and it meant she could be discharged
soon.
Max let out a sigh of relief.
Propping herself up in the hospital bed, Brielle glanced around with furrowed brows. "Did I pass out? How's Tessa doing?"
"She's just been brought out of the ER."
Max handed her a cup of warm water and placed it before her.
After a few sips, Brielle felt a heavy weight settle on her. Tessa's emergency room visit probably had the rest of the Rowlands hating her guts. And Andrew, what would he do to her?
Her lips pressed tight, but at that moment, there hadn't been time to think. Besides, Tessa had stirred up this whole mess by herself. Brielle would just have to roll with the punches. "Don't worry, it'll be okay," Max comforted her, glancing outside at the dark sky,
It was midnight; it was time to sleep. They could check out tomorrow morning: if she developed a fever in the middle of the night, it would be back to square one.
"Get some sleep, and in the morning, I'll ask the nurse if you can be discharged.".
After the ordeal, Brielle was indeed tired. Seeing Max still there, she scooted over to make room. "Want to hop in and sleep too?"
Max pointed to another bed in the room. "There's one here."
Brielle's cheeks flushed red, and she awkwardly turned over, curling up to sleep. Soon, she felt the bed dip, and a gentle embrace drew her in. "Don't do anything that dangerous again." Brielle sighed. It wasn't as if she could just decide not to. Tessa's crazed state had been
1/2
13.03
Chapter 519
completely unpredictable. To think she had always seemed so cautious about her own life, yet. in a fit of rage, she had thrown it all to the wind.
The next morning at 7 a.m.
At the end of the hospital corridor, the room was still crowded, the atmosphere thick with silence.
Andrew sat by the bed, watching as Tessa opened her eyes. Tessa felt a splitting headache and weakly gazed at the ceiling.
The others became alert, and Andrew held her hand. "Tessa, how are you feeling?"
It took a while for Tessa to remember, then tears began to fall heavily.
Andrew quickly grabbed some tissues to wipe her tears. "Don't cry. What happened exactly? How did both you and Brielle end up in the water?"
A shiver went through Tessa's heart, regretting her loss of reason at the time. "Didn't you investigate?"
"I did. There was no surveillance there."
Hearing 'no surveillance,' a fleeting look of triumph crossed Tessa's eyes as the tears. continued. "Brielle, she tried to kill me."
Her voice was weak, after being tormented so much. She now seemed like a rag doll, as if she might fall apart at a gentle tug.
The rest of the Rowlands clenched their fists in anger. Murder? That Brielle dared to murder Tessa!
Andrew's face also turned grim, still grasping her hand. "So Brielle tried to kill you and pushed you into the pool?"
Tessa nodded. "She said she wanted to clear the path for Aubree, that I was not going to live long in this world anyway, so she might as well help me on my way. Andrew, my head hurts so bad, I can't remember the rest."
Jaxon sat on the other side of the bed, silent until now. His eyes were tightly shut, lashes. quivering in anger. Jaxon had always been the most approachable of the elders toward the rest of the Rowlands, seldom showing anger. If he had a fault, it was his excessive doting on his granddaughter, Tessa.
"Tessa, what do you want Grandpa to do?"
A glint of malice flashed in Tessa's eyes. Thinking back on Brielle's violin still made her blood boil. If Brielle didn't suffer, she'd never sleep soundly again. Chapter 520
###Chapter 520
Chapter 520
"Grandpa, I want her to come and apologize to me first, and then get the heck out of Beaconsfield."
The thought of Max made Tessa's eyes flicker with uncertainty. Taking on the dispute would mean pitting the Rowlands against the Dorseys, akin to a Pyrrhic victory.
Tessa's gears turned, and she weighed her options. “Grandpa, I know this is tough for you, but there's a simple way to handle this. Just leak the story about Brielle throwing herself at Max. online. Everyone thinks Max and Alivia are the golden couple. If Brielle jumps in and tries to steal him away, the internet will label her a homewrecker. They'll think Max has lost his mind. And when Michael sees the online backlash against Max and Brielle, he'll have to step in. After all, Max is usually flawless, but now his personal life is under fire."
A recent mishap had sharpened Tessa's wits. She coughed and clung to Andrew's hand with a pitiful look, her face pale. "Andrew, do you think I'm being too cruel? Besides, this also involves Max." Andrew's eyelashes fluttered down as he thought about the punch he had impulsively thrown at Max, immediately regretting it and the words he'd spewed in the heat of the moment. Now calm, he felt the sting of remorse.
However, Tessa had come close to losing her life over this ordeal and couldn't stand idly by.
If public criticism of Max would stir Michael into action, then he would surely come forward to drive Brielle away. It all depended on how deep Max's feelings for Brielle were. But one thing was certain: Brielle had to pay a price.
He shook his head slowly. "Go ahead with your plan. Using public opinion will only tarnish Brielle's reputation. She was after your life, Tessa. You're being merciful compared to her."
Tessa's eyes sparkled with mischief, her lips curling into a sly smile as she looked at Jaxon. "Grandpa, let's turn the online community into our weapon."
Jaxon sighed and affectionately ruffled her hair. "You've been wronged this time, and I'll fully support you. But as for the Dorseys, we don't need to antagonize them over Brielle. You've got a good plan." Tessa was brimming with triumph as she set the wheels in motion.
Within an hour, the internet was abuzz with headlines about Alivia being usurped in love. The Rowlands had yet to explicitly name Brielle in the media. They were biding their time, stirring the pot until the frenzy peaked. When Brielle's name was finally leaked, she would be the target of public scorn.
Alivia was a goddess in the eyes of her fans, a childhood sweetheart who was deeply in love with Max. Who could possibly come between such a beloved pair?
Predictably, the online community, catching just a whiff of the scandal, exploded with
13:03
Chanter 5200
speculation.
*Alivia? The same Alivia we all admire? Wasn't she and Mr. Dorsey on the verge of tying the knot? Who could possibly steal him away?"
"It's got to be fake. Alivia is so remarkable. None of those floozies could hold a candle to her."
"Spill the beans! We must find out who this bitch is."
"Who's trying to ruin a perfect relationship with cheap tricks? She deserves a bolt from the blue! Let's find this woman!"
With not just one but several media outlets broadcasting the story, the narrative couldn't be a mere rumor. These platforms knew something the public didn't.
The online fervor soared as people speculated the veracity of the reports. Some even took to Dorsey International's official website for answers. The crowd was in an uproar, ready to metaphorically take a knife to the woman who dared to interfere.
###Chapter 521
Chapter 521
Brielle was still oblivious to the turmoil stirring around her as she awoke to find Max, sitting by her side, closing his laptop after wrapping up some work.
"All set for discharge," Max said with a gentle smile. "Breakfast's waiting at home."
She was about to nod in agreement when she noticed a dark bruise staining his cheek. She had never seen such a mark on Max's face before. Her hand instinctively reached out to touch the bruise, seeking an explanation. Had Max been in a fight?
Her lips pressed together, and she remained silent, quickly dressing and freshening up.
As they exited the hospital room, they saw Andrew at the end of the corridor. A cigarette was pinched between his fingers; he was clearly about to indulge in a smoke. Upon seeing Max, the cigarette snapped in half. His silence was heavy with unspoken words.
Max didn't spare him a glance but instead patted Brielle's shoulder. "Let's go."
The tension was palpable, like a bow drawn taut. From their demeanor, Brielle sensed a chilling indifference.
The bruise on Max's face-it was Andrew's doing. Over her and Tessa?
A pang of discomfort hit Brielle. Max, who should've been untouchable and revered, now seemed to have been dragged through the mud because of her. The realization was deeply unsettling.
Once in the car, Brielle feigned sleep. But as the vehicle jolted, she couldn't help but steal a glance at Max, sitting by the window, flipping through corporate reports. His expression was calm, but the bruise on his cheek was a jarring sight.
She had always believed that with enough effort, she could stand proudly by his side. Yet, she had to admit that her presence brought undeserved criticism and conflict to Max's life.
Was it worth it?
The dark mark on his face was a constant reminder to Brielle of her own intrusion into Max's pristine life, a stain on his otherwise flawless existence. The scariest part was not the absence of love, but the harsh reality lurking beneath the romantic fa?ade.
Back at the Premier Palace, Brielle ate sparingly before announcing her need to rest. Max respected her wish for privacy, tenderly kissing her forehead before she ascended the stairs.
When she entered her bedroom, her gaze fell on the unfinished scarf. Too weary to knit, she sat on the bed as her phone rang-it was Aubree.
"Bri, have you seen the news online?"
Having just left the hospital, Brielle hadn't checked, "No, what's up?"
Aubree sounded frantic. "Someone's leaked info about you and Max. Your name isn't out yet,
1/2
15:26
Chapter 521
but once the media frenzy starts, they'll expose you."
Memories of previous online harassment flooded Brielle's mind, and yet, here it was happening again.
Frowning, she did a quick search and was appalled by the vitriol. She wasn't bothered by the comments about her, but they weren't just about her. "Max is so handsome and rich, and yet he's a player."
"Alivia waited for him for years, and now he's into someone else. Men are fickle."
"If Max doesn't marry Alivia, why did he lead her on? I feel sorry for Alivia. She's so beautiful and accomplished, yet stuck with jerks."
"Beautiful women should just focus on their careers. Men are unreliable."
The comments stung Brielle. Her intuition had been right. To the world, she was the unsightly blotch on Max's impeccable canvas.
If only relationships were only about affection. But it was precisely because of that affection that they had to consider everything else.
She cared for Max and wished for him to remain untarnished, instead of being dragged down by a woman into the mire of human desires and suffering. It was because she cared that she couldn't bear to see him maligned.
She had never felt this way about anyone before. Only now did she truly understand that love was like honey laced with bitterness.
###Chapter 522
Chapter 522
Aubree sensed Brielle's distraction and knew she had been browsing the news. She silently cursed herself for being a blabbermouth; before this call, Brielle was likely oblivious to the online buzz.
"Bri, don't tell me you're taking those trolls seriously? What do they know? They're just flapping their gums. Forget about them. Christmas is just around the corner. How about we go out and do some holiday shopping to clear your mind?"
Christmas was only two days away.
Brielle was already downcast from having witnessed Max's injury, and the online news only fueled her anger. The masterminds behind this could only be Tessa or Alivia.
Tessa and Alivia had been echoing each other at the hotel last night, clearly in cahoots. But Alivia was always poking at Tessa's tender spots, obviously using her as a pawn. With a personality like Tessa's, her arrogance was nothing more than a veil for fear-fear of not measuring up, which drove her to trample over others. Alivia knew this all too well, making it easy to stir Tessa's hatred. This was most likely Tessa's doing, as Alivia excelled at sitting back and enjoying the show.
Brielle was growing weary of these amateurish schemes. She had a plan in mind but needed to exchange a few more words with Aubree first. "Nah, Aubree, are you spending Christmas with the Clements family?"
At the mention of the Clements family, Aubree's mood visibly darkened, and there was a long silence before she spoke. "It's likely I won't be going back. They'd probably prefer I stay as far away from Beaconsfield and Andrew as possible. If I showed up for Christmas, the Clements household would turn into a madhouse. Honestly, I've never really had a home; I've never felt
warmth there."
Having known she was adopted from a young age, she'd endured the scorn of the house staff, who took every chance to humiliate her when the Clements were away.
A child who grew up in the shadow of shame, clung to Andrew for the only warmth she knew. Even though Andrew had become a complete jerk, leaving her battered and bruised, he had once been her sole comfort during her most vulnerable days.
She couldn't let go of Andrew because she had never truly escaped those days of humiliation. No matter how tough she acted, she could feel the clothes still clinging to her. She needed Andrew; without him, she might not survive.
Neither of them spoke again, and it was unclear who hung up first.
Brielle's mood had soured further, especially with the Rowland family's timing. She grabbed her phone and called Mason. "Has the Rowland family been up to anything abroad?"
Mason stiffened at the question. "Are you talking about the Rowlands in Beaconsfield? They've been scouting locations to build a medical facility. Coincidentally, we're eyeing the same spot.
1/2
15:26
Chapter 522
With the company going public, we can't stay cramped in our old space. We need a grand office building. The first round of funding showered us with billions. We can't let that go to waste." Brielle chuckled, a playful smile on her lips. "Why would a tech firm like ours be interested in the same plot as a healthcare provider? Is there something special about that land?" Mason, impressed by Brielle's insight, responded, "Indeed, the local government plans to boost the economy over the next five years. Buying that land now could mean a hundredfold increase in value. Where else could you find such an investment? Plus, I've heard through the grapevine that the government plans to develop luxury homes nearby. If the Rowlands establish their medical center there, not only will the land appreciate, but they'll also corner the market on affluent clients."
Brielle mused over the situation. "Mason, let's not rush to compete with the Rowlands just yet. I'll inquire with some insiders. Foreign governments can be tricky and are always looking to squeeze money out of investors. Our intel might not be solid."
"Brielle, you're becoming more intriguing by the day. This is an international matter, and who could you possibly ask? And how can you be sure your information will be accurate? Every investor has their eyes on that piece of meat."
A name flashed in Brielle's mind: Dustin Lynch.
###Chapter 523
Chapter 523
Thanks to Tiffanie's educational talk, she knew Dustin was cozily in bed with royalty, so to speak. If there were any governmental moves afoot, Dustin would surely be in the know. "Mason, wait for my word."
Mason trusted Brielle wholeheartedly, so he agreed without hesitation.
Brielle took a deep breath, dug out Dustin's number, and dialed. The urgency in Mason's voice was palpable; the deal concerning that plot of land was reaching a critical juncture. She had to get in touch with Dustin as soon as possible.
There's no answer.
Brielle tried a second time. Still no answer.
Rubbing her temples, she pondered for a moment before dialing one last time. Dustin's slightly husky voice came through, "If you're not calling about something serious, then next time I'm in Beaconsfield, I might just have to shanghai you into servitude as penance."
At the sound of his voice, Brielle knew exactly what Dustin had been up to. It was nighttime over there, and she realized with a start that she had interrupted his intimate moment, coughing awkwardly.
Dustin haphazardly tied a belt around his waist, his bare chest marked with nail prints. "Regretting your life choices? Want me to whisk you away overseas?" He had offered her this chance for regret when he left his number the last time they met in prison.
"Mr. Lynch, I need to ask a favor of you."
Dustin chuckled, signaling for the lady in his bed to make herself scarce; the night's mood had clearly taken a turn. "Brielle, you're not even blushing when you say that? No sweetener, just straight to business with me? You should ask around. A long queue of folks are dying for my help."
"Absolutely, I know Mr. Lynch. You're quite the miracle worker, and mere mortals wouldn't dare to bother you."
Somehow, Dustin found this flattery incredibly satisfying. "What do you need?"
up
"The Rowland family's recent land interest-Is the government really planning to pump up local economy there over the next five years?"
the
The location of that plot of land popped into Dustin's mind, and he let out a soft laugh. "You're crafty, coming to me."
"Mr. Lynch, they say you're tight with the royal bunch, and even turned down a title once. That's quite the noble stance. I figured this small matter would certainly be clear to you, right?"
No matter where a person stood, they couldn't escape the lure of flattery, unless they'd taken
1/2
Chapter 523
vows of asceticism.
Dustin was actually hard to be buttered up, considering Infinity Brilliance's development was pretty much the heartbeat of the nation's economy. Anyone meeting him was all too eager to get on his good side. But the adulation he received was too crude-mountains of gold, silver, and blond bombshells, all too tacky.
Brielle's flattery, on the other hand, was classy. He wouldn't admit to a hint of double standards, but somehow, tonight, Brielle's words seemed as sweet as honey.
"That piece of land locates by the lake. The government's been trying to auction it off for a decade. The starting bid is a billion. After several failed attempts, if it bombs again, it's going to rot in their portfolio. You know we've got tycoons at the helm here; they need the dough to stand up to the people. So, to line their pockets, they're spinning this yarn about boosting the economy there in five years. In reality, the development's happening in a different district. The auction's going to be an inside job. If you're keen, I can snag you an exclusive bid ticket."
This favor was monumental, involving a transaction in the billions. Brielle didn't dare accept it. She just wanted the Rowland family to take the hit on their investment, losing a hefty sum.
"Mr. Lynch, thanks for the intel. But I'll pass on the location of that other plot; I don't have the appetite for it."
After a few more well-placed compliments, Brielle hung up the phone, relayed the information to Mason, and instructed him to feign interest in that doomed plot, to maliciously hike up the Rowland family's bid, and to spread rumors that the government was dead-set on developing the economy there.
Mason responded with a string of praying emojis, a symbolic vigil for the impending misfortune of the Rowland family.
Chapter 524
###Chapter 524
Chapter 524
If the land really ended up with the Rowlands, it was bound to go to seed in their hands. After all, there was nothing much around those parts these days.
A glint of amusement flickered in Brielle's eyes. The Rowland clan had been spreading rumors about her back home, so she had her people spread some false tales of their own abroad. Turnabout was fair play.
Having settled that score, Brielle felt a weight lift off her shoulders, and the online chatter no longer felt like a sting. She was determined to become the cherry on top of Max's world, not the so-called blot on his reputation.
Downstairs, Patrick stood before Max, his tone grave. "Mr. President, the situation is as such: the online world is in an uproar. Do we need to take action?"
The New Year was just around the corner, and they couldn't let these distractions spoil the festive mood.
Max flicked through his tablet, skipping over the posts where netizens lambasted him. He was never bothered with the opinions of those at street level. But the jabs at Brielle? They struck a
nerve.
"Spread a rumor that Ms. Tessa's been chasing me down relentlessly," he said.
At these words, Patrick choked and coughed several times. Tessa, relentlessly pursuing the President? Was this a way to suggest that it was Tessa who had been the interloper?
Since the woman's name hadn't yet been leaked online, the moment they dropped Tessa into the narrative, any prior orchestrated leaks would seem like a setup for the inevitable online backlash against her. It was a masterstroke.
Patrick chuckled, "Alright."
Max looked down, returning his focus to the documents in hand. It couldn't have been Brielle stirring trouble that led to Tessa's fall into the water; it had to be Tessa's fault.
He had allowed Andrew to punch him as a nod to their years of friendship, understanding Andrew's anger, and knowing Jaxon to be a good-natured elder. This was out of respect for them, not for Tessa. If the Rowland clan wanted to keep fussing, he'd let them reap what they'd
sown.
After a moment, Patrick cautiously inquired, "It's almost time for the New Year, sir. Won't you be going out with Ms. Brielle to shop for holiday items?" Holiday shopping?
Max looked puzzled. What was that?
Seeing his expression, Patrick couldn't help but smile. He'd never had to bother with such things growing up.
1/2
15.97
Chapter 524
"It's about going out with Ms. Brielle to buy things for the celebration."
Just then, Max's phone rang. Both men's expressions darkened slightly when they saw the caller ID flashing on the screen.
Max frowned, assuming that news had spread to the Dorsey family, prompting the butler to call "Max," came the butler's respectful voice.
"Mr. Michael would like you to bring Ms. Brielle to the Dorsey family home on New Year's Eve."
The Dorseys wanted Brielle to visit.
Max didn't think his father was ready to accept Brielle. Given the online furor, it was more likely that he was finally feeling the heat and had thought of a way to deal with them. "Did father say anything else?"
"If you don't agree, he'll come over himself."
That was a threat. If Michael came himself, there was no telling what he'd do.
Max's expression grew even sterner as he listened to the butler continue, "It's just a visit. There's no need to be uneasy. Mr. Michael has seen the news, and now the distant branches of the Dorsey family are calling to ask about it. He's in a difficult position."
Dorsey International was vast, with many relatives. Max had been untouchable in recent years, and so the extended family had kept quiet. But if the main branch showed any sign of instability, the others would become restless.
After hanging up, Max was about to delegate the matter to Patrick when he looked up and saw Brielle standing on the staircase. She must have come in while they were talking.
Her eyes were clear. "Do the Dorseys want me to visit?"
###Chapter 525
Chapter 525
Brielle could feel the buzz of Beaconsfield's social circles reverberating through the air, as Max's words and the rampant online chatter painted a clear picture of the town's current preoccupation. Michael was probably on tenterhooks by now.
With a nod and a pat on the seat beside him, Max signaled for Brielle to sit down. "So, you want me to head over to the Dorseys?" she asked.
"Yeah."
"Alright, I'll go. Is there anything I need to prepare?" Her agreement was swift and fearless, a portrait of courage.
Max chuckled, "No prep needed; just leave it all to me."
Michael, a titan in the business world, had been quiet since that tumultuous night at the hotel. Now, with him calling, it was anyone's guess what he had up his sleeve.
Brielle, the junior in the game, had once kept up with Michael's business ventures. His ruthlessness and cold-blooded strategies were on par with Max's, but even she had to admit that Max's vision and reach were broader and higher. That was why he had the audacity to make a name for himself on Wall Street at such a young age.
Brielle was done hiding in his shadow, done letting him shield her from the storm and, at the same time, smother her from the sunlight. She had to face the music herself.
The Dorsey International website was in a frenzy, bombarded with inquiries like never before. All because of the CEO's personal affairs, it had seen millions of hits in a single day. Everyone wanted to know who the shameless mistress was.
Meanwhile, Tessa was still in the hospital, taking perverse pleasure in the unfolding news. The humiliation from the previous night was so intense that the mere mention of Brielle caused her physical pain. She was blissfully unaware of the karma swiftly making its way back to her. The larger the stir she caused now, the more exposed she would be later on.
Just the thought of Brielle soon facing a public siege sent shivers of excitement through Tessa. She dialed Alivia, who always had a game plan, possibly knowing exactly how to double down on Brielle's misery.
Alivia picked up quickly, her voice dripping with feigned concern. "God, I never thought Brielle had it in her. How are you holding up?"
"Much better, Alivia. You've seen the news, right? Should I ieak Brielle's name now? Let everyone go after her?"
A sly grin crossed Alivia's face. She would let the two of them duke it out while she reaped the
benefits.
1/2
15:27
Chapter 525
"Yes, and you should target not just Brielle, but also Aubree. Hit them both. That's how you really twist the knife. With your status, taking down an unwanted Clements foster child should be a breeze, right?"
Tessa straightened up, her pride swelling. "Of course. The Clements are all hoping I tie the knot with Andrew soon. And I've subtly hinted at Aubree's little seduction game with her brother. They're already guarding against her, not even letting her through their doors. You know how much Andrew's mother adores me. Aubree's just an outcast now. She probably doesn't even know where she'll spend the holidays, just like her friend Brielle-both of them are orphaned strays!"
Tessa felt she had to make up for the previous night's disgrace by stomping on Brielle at any opportunity. It was like treading water. Push it down, and you rise. In any social hierarchy, those lacking confidence often asserted their status by oppressing those they deemed inferior. Unwilling to admit her insecurities, Tessa was determined to crush Brielle underfoot, to erase the shame of last night's debacle.
"Then go on, attack Brielle while you're at it, and take Aubree down too. It should be easy for you."
A triumphant gleam flickered in Tessa's eyes, her chest boiling with anticipation. "Will do."
The door to her room swung open as soon as the call ended. It was Andrew, bringing her lunch. in a familiar lunch box-wasn't that the one Aubree bought for Andrew? Her lips curled into a smile, and she couldn't resist teasing, "You bought this lunch box yourself?"
"No, Aubree got it. She made this, too. I liked the look of it, so I brought it over for you to enjoy." Such a brazen act was classic Andrew.
Tessa, barely able to contain her glee, urged him, "Open it. Let me see.
Andrew sat down and lifted the lid. Aubree's cooking skills were admittedly impressive.
After snapping a few photos, Tessa ate her meal without further ado. "Aubree's cooking is way better than our family chef's. Maybe she can cook for me every day while I'm recovering. Someone's got to take care of me, and I'm sick of the Rowland family's chef's dishes."
If she was going to trample Aubree, she might as well use Andrew to do it, to ensure that Aubree couldn't rise again. She would leave her and that wretch Brielle out in the cold together. Andrew hesitated only for a moment before nodding. "I'll ask her."
###Chapter 526
Chapter 526
Aubree had just hung up with Brielle but decided she needed to check on her in person. She got herself together and made a beeline for Premier Palace.
Premier Palace was Max's turf, and he had someone come out to meet her. It was probably because he was worried about Brielle feeling tense, with the visit to the Dorsey family's ancestral home only two days away. If Brielle needed to offload, being with her best friend might just do the trick.
Aubree couldn't help but feel a rare sense of welcome from Max. She was actually stepping foot in Premier Palace!
As she walked, Aubree couldn't resist snapping pictures every few steps, until she spotted Max sitting in the courtyard with a coffee, rifling through some documents.
"Hey there, Mr. Dorsey."
Max's brow furrowed as he looked up.
Aubree plopped down beside him with her usual candor. "I got it all wrong about you last time with Bri's drama and never got around to apologizing in person. Thought you were just another trash can like Andrew, but it turns out you're not half bad."
She chuckled, sitting back and noticing the 'do not disturb' vibe rolling off Max, so she leaned back a bit more.
"But you've gotta treasure Bri, Mr. Dorsey. Last time, you blew me off, and that snake Alivia gave me an earful. Oh, and she had the nerve to say something about making Brielle carry a criminal's baby. Can you believe that? She said if I were late, Brielle would've been humiliated over and over. Do you see what I was dealing with? So when I gave you a piece of my mind, I wasn't wrong, was I? You better watch out for Alivia. Her smile gives me the heebie-jeebies."
Aubree was unknowingly spilling beans that Max hadn't heard yet. Max's grip on his cup tightened, a chill spreading in his eyes, but Aubree was oblivious. She was still fuming about Alivia's words back at Dorsey International's lobby, itching to expose Alivia's true colors to the world.
Max's hand twitched, the veins prominent, as he slowly set his cup down. "What else did she say?"
"What do you mean 'what else?' Isn't that enough? Plus, I bumped into Mr. Lynch on my way out. I'd have never seen Brielle if he hadn't pulled some strings. And speaking of which, you probably don't know about the call Dustin made, do you? Turns out the Riddle family was involved. Your buddy Jaired's been meddling too."
"Bang!" Max's cup shattered in his palm, his face dark as a thundercloud.
Aubree, startled by the sight of coffee mixed with blood in his hand, clamped her mouth shut.
She had never dealt with Max directly and had only spoken so boldly because of Brielle's
1/2
15.27
Chapter 526
connection to him. But now, with Max visibly enraged, she chickened out and stood up. "Ha, I just remembered Bri needed me for something; she's feeling down and needs a bit of cheering up from me. I'd better get going, Mr. Dorsey. We'll chat another time, yeah?"
Aubree's heart was racing. She feared if she moved any slower, she might've just ended up buried in the Premier Palace garden.
After she left, Max's clenched fist relaxed slightly. Patrick approached, witnessing the scene, his heart skipping a beat in alarm. "Mr. Max, this-" He quickly called Wesley over to clean up and wrap a bandage around Max's hand.
After taking care of the mess, Max stood up and headed out.
Meanwhile, Jaired was at Kenzo's place, animatedly recounting the brawl between Max and Andrew.
Kenzo had his eyes closed, lounging on the sofa, and flickered his eyelids upon hearing, "Just like that, a punch landed right on Max's cheek. I couldn't stop it in time, and now, it's all messed up. No more brotherhood over a couple of dames."
Jaired caught a tossed orange slice with his mouth and crossed his legs leisurely. "Kenzo, out of all of us, you're the most even-tempered. Maybe you should step in and mediate? We grew up together. We shouldn't fall out over some women."
Before he finished, someone pushed the door open, and both men looked up to see Andrew, dressed in black, stepping in.
Jaired felt the awkwardness of being caught talking behind someone's back and set his orange down, sitting up straight.
Andrew's face bore the mark of five fingers, looking rather disheveled. Kenzo and Jaired exchanged a glance - Max, no matter how angry, wouldn't actually slap someone, would he?
Andrew took a seat, his arms folded, and his eyes shut in frustration.
Jaired stood up hastily. "Max went too far, man. He can't just go around slapping people like some drama queen."
###Chapter 527
Chapter 527
Andrew's eyelid twitched in irritation as he rubbed his cheek. "It wasn't him."
"So, Tessa, then?"
"No way, she'd never lay a hand on me."
"Who else would you let slide, then? I'm almost worried you buried someone before coming here."
Andrew's fire went out in a puff. That slap had come from Aubree. It was because he had the gall to ask Aubree to cook for Tessa.
When he found out Aubree had gone to Premier Palace, he'd wanted to follow, but with the tension between him and Max, he'd just met Aubree on the street corner to pass on Tessa's message. Without a word, Aubree slapped him again, then stormed back into Premier Palace, calling him trash.
Andrew had been in these circles too long, never learning to think about others. His comfort was his only concern. So he thought his request of Aubree was reasonable, but her reaction was unexpected. There was a slap, but no words were exchanged.
Damn, had he been too indulgent with Aubree? When it came to him, she hit him with no hesitation-as if she put her whole strength into it.
Usually, Andrew would turn to Max, who was a good listener despite his stoic demeanor. But after last night's harsh words and a punch, Andrew's thick skin wasn't enough to face Max again. Andrew's gaze fell, lips pressed tight.
Jaired, casually crossing his legs, twirled an orange in his hand. "Look, Andrew, I'm not one to talk, but what you said to Max last night, that was low. You know how rough Max had it growing up."
A kid who never smiled or cried would face cold shoulders even at the top of the food chain. Martha even brought in a shrink at one point. Not just any shrink, but the kind you'd find at a psychiatric ward. When you were out of step with the world, people thought you were a monster. And with the Dorsey family's high status, the last thing they wanted was a freak in the family.
So, doctors frequented the Dorsey household, trying to diagnose Max with something, anything, to explain his lack of emotional display.
When Michael decided to make ten-year-old Max the heir to the Dorsey fortune, everyone was
1/2
15.27
Chapter 527
floored. How many assassination attempts would the kid face? How much backstabbing would he endure in private?
Everyone thought Michael didn't care for his youngest son, that he was setting Max up to fail, using him as a shield against the majority of blows, and waiting to put his favored son in place once Max was out of the picture. Even Max's friends thought that way, instructed by their families to believe it.
Max excelled in everything but social skills. Quick to learn anything but how to get along with others.
Andrew had labeled himself a lackey, a hanger-on, because his "brotherhood" with Max was something he'd instigated, challenging Max to duels, competitions, and one-sided declarations of war. So, calling Max unfeeling and a machine, was probably a deep cut for him.
Andrew had been regretting his words since last night. He could call Max trash, scum, but never a machine.
Andrew stood up, frustration boiling to the point where he wanted to kick the coffee table in front of him. "So you think it's my fault? Max thinks of Brielle, don't I think of Tessa? If Brielle's out to get Tessa, should I just stand by and do nothing?"
Kenzo, lounging on the sofa, had been silent the whole time. Now, he merely opened one eye to glance at them, then dropped his gaze again, as if disinterested in the whole affair.
When the two were arguing, the third was not welcome to spectate, so Andrew turned to Kenzo. "Kenzo, what's your take?"
Kenzo's eyelid fluttered. He rarely got involved in disputes. He opened his eyes, picked up his tea, took a delicate sip, and offered a gentle smile. "Brielle was a friend of mine. She's actually quite reserved, not the type to stir up trouble." The implication was clear: Tessa might've been the instigator.
But of them all, Andrew had the biggest prejudice against Brielle. After all, she was the one who had helped an intoxicated Max right under his nose. Their first meeting was so dramatic that Andrew never warmed to Brielle afterward.
In his eyes, she was the kind of woman who'd latch onto any opportunity to climb the social ladder, even at great personal cost. He didn't believe Brielle truly loved Max.
###Chapter 528
Chapter 528
Andrew fell silent as his cell phone erupted with Tessa's trembling sobs. "Andrew, have you seen what's all over the internet?"
Andrew's brows furrowed. He knew Tessa had planned to spread rumors to slander Brielle and that the plan had been a success. But why was she crying now?
Panic washed over Tessa, draining the last bit of color from her face as she lay trembling in the hospital bed. After calling Alivia, she was about to leak Brielle's name to the press, hoping the public would crucify the bitch. But just ten minutes ago, every media outlet started reporting that Ms. Tessa had been hounding Max relentlessly.
They identically mirrored the scheme she had used against Brielle. Not just one media outlet, but dozens were parroting the same story. So now, the one taking the heat was none other than Ms. Tessa herself. Already frail, Tessa had thought she'd soon trample over Brielle, only to find herself trampled instead. She couldn't bear the blow. After several gasping breaths, her voice shook uncontrollably.
"Easy, tell me slowly. What's the news online?"
"Somebody... somebody's saying I've been harassing Max," she wept.
Tessa's teeth clenched with hatred. Who could be behind this? Was it Max? Had he stopped caring about his bond with Andrew altogether?
Andrew's expression darkened. After hanging up, he checked the online news. At the top of the trending list was Ms. Tessa's name, with the comment section ablaze with condemnation.
"She and Alivia were close, and because of her health, she rarely went out. But since Alivia left the country, she's been seen out more and more."
"Disgusting. She's probably been exploiting her frailty to gain Max's sympathy while Alivia is away."
"Home-wrecker! Using her sickness to snag her best friend's man. If you ask me, she'd be better off dead! Why waste the air if she's so unwell? Ugh, nothing but a sad, pitiful excuse for a woman!"
The comments were harsh and seemed well-substantiated.
Indeed, Tessa had rarely been seen before Alivia's departure, but afterward, she became a regular at various events.
Only those in the know understood that Tessa was trying to secure her spot with Andrew, not Max, but the public wouldn't believe that. They wanted to drag the entire Rowland family through the mud. Tessa was like a flower in a glass jar, well-protected within the Rowland family fortress, and
1/2
15:27
Chapter 528
adept at manipulating its members to maintain her standing. But once the battlefield changed, her frailty and life experience became her Achilles heel.
Andrew, hearing Tessa's labored breathing, hastily summoned the doctor and rushed to the hospital himself.
Jaired and Kenzo glanced at their phones and frowned upon seeing the news that had rapidly risen to infamy.
Just recovering, Tessa was in turmoil again, likely headed back to the emergency room. Tessa's hands gripped the bedsheets beneath her, nails almost piercing her skin.
It had to be Brielle! That bitch was emboldened by Max's favor and acting without any regard!
Damn her!
Tessa's scalp tingled with rage, and she longed to confront Brielle and tear her apart!
Brielle had destroyed everything - first causing her embarrassment within their circle and now on the internet, where everyone was shaming her for shamelessly soliciting sympathy with her ailments. Tessa was on the brink of madness. How could things have turned out like this?
When Andrew arrived, Tessa was being wheeled back into emergency care. The doctors cited a severe panic attack with bouts of vomiting blood. Her frail body couldn't cope.
Andrew's fist collided with the hospital wall, his features twisted in fury, but when he thought of Max, that fury melted into powerlessness. He couldn't fathom who else besides Max could orchestrate such a media frenzy. It seemed their brotherhood was nothing anymore.
After Andrew left, Jaired and Kenzo sat in silence, sipping tea on the couch. They both knew who was behind it all; it looked like a showdown was imminent.
Jaired's phone rang as he gazed into his teacup. He pressed the answer button and heard Max's voice. "You remember where the boxing gym at your place is?"
Of course, Jaired knew. He had grown up loving to fight, mastering every weapon from blades to bats, which led to him setting up a full-scale boxing gym at his place. "Jaired, I'm waiting for you here."
###Chapter 529
Chapter 529
After hanging up the call, Max strode out of the room with a sense of determination.
Jaired rose from his seat, the corners of his mouth curling into a smile. "Kenzo, fancy a trip down to my old boxing gym? Remember how we used to spar there all the time?"
Upon hearing this, Kenzo had already stood up, but as Jaired continued, "Max says he'll be waiting for me there. It's been ages since we've had a good session."
Kenzo settled back into his chair, shaking his head. "Nah, you better layer up, though."
Jaired stretched out his long legs and waved a dismissive hand. A scar trailed from his brow to the edge of his ear - a memento from a knife fight with some dangerous thugs - adding to his rugged charm. "You ever heard of someone training in a winter coat? Suit yourself. I'm off," Jaired quipped.
Kenzo looked up slowly, eyes dark and mysterious, and offered a gentle smile. "Sure."
Jaired frowned, feeling an eerie chill from that smile.
When he arrived at his place, the door to the sparring room was ajar. Excitement bubbled within Jaired. This was the spot where they'd all sparred as kids, but since his grandfather had shipped him off to the military, his visits had become rare.
He strolled in, slipping off his jacket and tossing it aside.
The room was spacious, a good two hundred square meters, with its walls decorated with an arsenal of cold steel. Jaired approached one of the guns, quickly loading it. "Max, check this out. The AK-107 assault rifle, effective up to five hundred meters. A relic from the '70s, took me ages to find all its parts."
He continued, polishing the barrel of a Remington sniper rifle. "This beauty, a product of the '80s, has an eight hundred meter range and a muzzle velocity of 853 meters per second. I don't even use this one on missions anymore. I've switched to the 110. Last time I used this, I blew a terrorist's head clean off."
As he spoke, he glanced over to Max, who was elegantly loading a Glock 17. The contrast between his fingers and the bullets was striking.
Jaired was about to say those bullets were live, only to see Max fill the magazine and aim it right at him. Max's expression was calm, too calm for a joke.
Jaired stood still.
"Bang!" The bullet whizzed past his ear, mirroring the curve of the scar. Smoke wafted from the gun's barrel as Max wiped it away without a flicker of emotion.
"The latest Glock 17, with its dual recoil spring, has less kickback, safer too. I checked, and it has got three reliable safety features. It might even suit a woman. Shrink it down a bit, and I'll gift it to Brielle," Max said, his tone even.
1/2
15:28
Chapter 529
If not for the black mark on the wall behind him, nobody would have known he'd fired.
Jaired, still rooted to the spot, took a few seconds before replying. "That model's in use everywhere but Austria. You sure you want to gift Brielle something so dangerous?"
Max ejected the magazine and tossed it aside casually. "Yeah, that way, If someone's foolish enough to trouble her, she can handle it herself. I'll handle the aftermath."
He weighed the unloaded gun, frowning. "The fourth gen's still over six hundred grams. I need you to cut it down to four hundred. It shouldn't tire her out."
Jaired's temper flared. His custom work was worth a fortune. How was Brielle, with no official status, deemed worthy of it?
"I won't do it. What if she turns the gun on you one day?"
Max's reply was almost too casual. "How do you not realize she might be aiming at you?" Max, in his rolled-up shirt sleeves revealing his toned forearms, spoke as if it was a passing thought. Jaired rubbed his ear, still feeling the sting where the bullet had grazed. Damn, if that shot had hit him, he doubted Max would have felt a shred of guilt.
So this was it: the sparring was a pretext; the real agenda was modifying a gun for Brielle.
Max grabbed his jacket and handed the gun to Jaired. "Four hundred grams, fifteen-round mag, silver finish. I want it after the holidays."
Jaired weighed the bullets in his hand, no fool to Max's intentions, but, as neither of them called the other out, the pretense continued.
"Deal."
Max wasn't truly here to cause trouble over Brielle, which meant she wasn't all that important to him. Perhaps it was time to push the boundaries a little further.
###Chapter 530
Chapter 530
But it wasn't until much later that Jaired would come to understand the full extent of what Max had meant by his words that day.
Time flew by, and the online chatter about Tessa hadn't died down. Even those within their social circle were starting to speculate about what was really going on.
After Tessa's rage had landed her in the emergency room, she spent another restless night before she regained consciousness, still groggy and disoriented.
The Rowland clan was in a state of utter chaos, ruing the decision to let Tessa confront Brielle on her own. If Brielle had been easy to handle, she wouldn't have ousted Alivia and secured her place at Max's side.
As Tessa sluggishly came to, her eyes met the sterile white ceiling of the hospital room. When she recalled the news she'd seen before losing consciousness, the bitter taste of bile rose in her throat, and she nearly spat blood in frustration. Her eyes were swollen from crying, her heart filled with indignation. After all her efforts, it seemed everything had backfired.
Andrew gripped her hand, his brow furrowed with worry. "I've managed to suppress the news online, but still, I'll head over to the Rowland estate to take care of you during this time," he said.
Tears resumed their path down Tessa's cheeks. Why did it always seem that every encounter with Brielle left her on the losing end? Despite Brielle's lack of a significant background, how did she always manage to slip away unscathed?
Hatred flooded Tessa's gaze, but the blow she'd received served as a stark lesson-her usual tactics would no longer suffice against Brielle. She had to bide her time, to devise a plan that would strike directly at Brielle's heart.
That afternoon, Tessa returned to the Rowland estate, claiming she needed half a month to recover from her ailment.
Upon hearing of Tessa's discharge, Brielle was in the middle of knitting a scarf at Premier Palace. She had been aware of the online news, which was still a hot topic of public debate. With Andrew's assertive crackdown, the rumors appeared even more credible. After all, the public was like that-the more you tried to suppress them, the more they yearned to rise up in defiance.
Although Tessa's name had vanished from the headlines, she remained a topic of conversation, with people secretly scheming to stir up trouble again.
At the moment, however, Brielle paid little heed to these matters. She had already set Mason to work on a plan that would funnel the upcoming land auction toward the Rowland estate. A cash loss of several billion would be a massive blow to any successful company.
All she had to do was wait for the news. Her primary concern now was her own affairs. What would Michael want to discuss when she visited the Dorsey family?
1/2
15:28
Chapter 530
Her knitting pace slowed as she took a sip of coffee from the table, then resumed her work on the scarf, determined to finish it as a New Year's gift before the celebrations began.
Fighting off sleepiness, Brielle spent the entire afternoon knitting.
Come evening, she noticed several unmounted holiday decorations on the coffee table. The villa had none displayed, prompting her to ask Wesley about it.
"Why are these decorations here not put up?"
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Max has never been one for these New Year customs. I bought them," Wesley replied.
It was such a significant occasion, and yet Premier Palace remained unchanged. If it weren't for Brielle, the place would be even more desolate. A pang of sympathy hit her. Had Max never truly experienced what it meant to celebrate the New Year?
Most of the time, he was alone abroad, guarding against assassination attempts since childhood, with no time to savor the simple joys of life.
She picked up the decorations, her face breaking into a smile. "Where's the ladder? Let's get these up."
Wesley's eyes lit up. He had prepared for the New Year before, especially when Max was expected to return home for the holidays. But Max never did and spent time in hotels or at the office instead. Tonight, with Ms. Brielle present, surely Max would come home.
In a flurry of activity, they fetched a ladder and affixed the decorations to the walls. An hour later, the entire Premier Palace was aglow with gaudy reds and greens-a stark contrast to the subdued elegance of the European-style architecture.
Brielle laughed at the sight. It was tacky, yes, but it was also filled with the warmth of tradition. She continued to sit in the living room, knitting the scarf, awaiting Max's return for dinner. But by eight o'clock in the evening, there was still no sign of him. Instead, Patrick called.
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Max is tied up with matters tonight and won't be returning," he informed her. Brielle's joy was instantly doused with cold disappointment. Max had been incredibly busy these past few days, coming and going at all hours, his actions a mystery to all.
With her visit to the Dorsey family's ancestral home looming on the next evening. Max's absence tonight unsettled her.
###Chapter 531
Chapter 531
telle nibbled at a sandwich, her fingers dancing through the yarn as she knitted a scarf into the wee hours of the morning. It wasn't until then that she finally drifted off into a fitful sleep. her dreams a tangled mix of Max and visions of him with other women.
When she woke, it was already noon the next day, and Max still hadn't returned. After freshening up, she couldn't resist the urge to call him, but there was no answer on the other
1. nd. Her heart hung suspended, heavy with worry. She tried Patrick next, but all he said was that they were a bit tied up.
Restlessly. Brielle waited until six in the evening when Max's car finally pulled up to the front of Premier Palace. She hurried outside and opened the car door to find Max leaning back in his seat, his eyes closed, a picture of exhaustion but, thankfully, unharmed. She breathed a sigh of relief.
Slipping into the car, she took his hand, intertwining their fingers firmly. Max's eyelashes fluttered, and he turned to look at her, pulling her into an embrace. They rode in silence.
Brielle wracked her brain, even wondering if she had done anything in the past couple of days. to upset him. After meticulously dissecting the recent events, she couldn't pinpoint anything. she might've done wrong.
Upon arriving at the Dorsey familt's old mansion, the butler was already waiting at the door. "Sir, Ms. Brielle, Mr. Michael has been expecting you," he announced.
Brielle instantly gathered her wits, clutching Max's hand a little tighter.
Only then did Max open his eyes, the redness in them evident. Seeing his state only. heightened her concern. What had Max been up to these past two days?
Max looked down and tousled her hair. "Don't be nervous."
It wasn't nerves she felt, just concern for him.,"I told you, I've got to face this," she murmured. She hadn't seen him in over a day and couldn't help herself; she tiptoed to wrap her arms around his neck. But Max stepped back, nodding towards the house. "Let's go inside."
Brielle stood frozen for a moment, feeling as if a bucket of icy water had been poured over
her heart.
She looked up at him, searching his face for any sign of what was troubling him. But Max. remained untroubled.
She forced a smile. "Alright, let's go in."
The butler watched the two approach and opened the door as they finally moved forward.
Inside the stately Dorsey family ancestral home, Michael sat at the head of the room while others were seated on either side. As Brielle stepped in, she felt Spencer's piercing gaze upon her. He looked gaunt, as if he'd lost a great deal of weight. His eyes were fixed on her
Chart
with a mad intensity.
Seated on the couch were William, Victoria, Tiffanie, and a man she didn't recognize. Hel appeared to be in his forties, dressed in a sharp black suit, hands folded across hist midsection, his expression somewhat indifferent. Victoria's hand rested on his arm, clearly trying to draw closer, but the man seemed to barely tolerate her touch, even frowning in distaste. Brielle guessed this man must've been Everett. Aside from these familiar faces, there were others whose identities she didn't know-likely elders from the broader family branches. Their eyes were all on her, and the distant relatives chuckled coldly, though they kept silent as it wasn't their place to speak.
This didn't feel like a family dinner; it felt more like Brielle was on trial.
Michael gestured for the butler to prepare a seat for Brielle. The butler quickly pushed a single chair forward, indicating Max would have to sit elsewhere.
Max frowned and looked towards Michael, who pointed to the couch. "Max, sit over here," he said, making no effort to hide his intention to separate them. Max stood still, about to , but Michael's cold laugh cut him short. "What, you're not even prepared to face the Dorsey family?"
Brielle gently tugged at Max's sleeve. "Go ahead, I'll sit here," she whispered.
Causing a scene would not only be an affront to Michael but would also embolden the sideline family members.
She quickly assessed the room. About a dozen relatives seemed to have gathered, indicating the incident at the private box had caused quite a stir.
Max was the chosen heir of the Dorseys, and no member of the Dorsey family wanted to see him waste his potential on someone like Brielle.
Almost all the elders who could make it were present. Though they were just from the side branches, they were influential in their own right, with many serving as CEOS in companies under Dorsey International.
###Chapter 532
Chapter 532
The air was thick with tensiun Brielle felt like a convict being marched to the gallows, undergoing the ecrutinizing gaze of those around her
She noticed Max hadn't approached yet, and whispered just loud enough for the two of them to hear "Ta okay, Max. Trust me, I can handle this." Max's lips tightened for a moment before he reluctantly took a seat on the couch.
Spencer, sitting nearby, couldn't help but let a smirk of irony cross his face. He had thought Max was quite fond of Brielle, but it seemed that was all it was. When it came down to it, and the senior members of the Dorsey family gathered, Max didn't dare openly defend Brielle. It was pitiful,
His gaze bore into Brielle, searching her face for a trace of fear. He couldn't let go, even now. Just looking at Brielle made his heart ache, an ache so severe it felt like death.
His nostrils flared with bitterness, his eyes red and hot with unshed tears. Every day, he pondered on how to break them apart, even fueling the fire online. He did everything within his power, only to push Brielle further away.
Spencer clenched his fists tightly, his eyes never leaving Brielle as if he wished to devour her whole. Yet, Brielle didn't panic. She sat quietly, waiting for Michael's next words.
Michael lifted his cup, his tone authoritative. "Do you realize you have no right to cross this threshold?"
At that, Max's expression darkened with defiance, "Father." His tone was firm.
Michael raised an eyebrow, setting down his cup. "I'm just stating the facts. The chatter outside is far harsher than anything I might say. Or do you plan to live in denial forever, ignoring the world's opinions?" He knew exactly where to strike. Michael's presence was powerful, not sharp, but it bore a tremendous weight.
The rest of the Dorsey clan nodded in agreement, clearly finding his point valid.
The two calmest people in the room were Brielle and Everett. Brielle had the courage to face the situation, while Everett simply didn't care about the Dorsey family's affairs. Still, he couldn't help but scrutinize Brielle, sneering internally. He could already anticipate her downfall-a mere female version of himself.
Brielle sat up straight, her eyes clear upon hearing Michael's words. "Michael, I've always believed that caring too much about others' opinions turns you into their servant."
"Your disregard doesn't make those opinions vanish. Max's reputation suffers because of you. If you feel no guilt, it proves you don't love him enough."
Michael's second punch hit Max hard. He spoke sparingly, but every word counted. To
12
15:13
Chapter 532
Michael, the young couple's love was like a teetering skyscraper. When it falls, those inside would perish, and he wouldn't allow his most promising son to be trapped within.
The accusation of insufficient love was designed to create a rift in Max's heart. He might've been certain of his love for Brielle, but how sure was he of hers? Max trusted himself, but did he trust Brielle?
In psychological warfare, Michael was as astute as Max. Without uttering a harsh word, every phrase was a needle to their hearts.
In the face of absolute disparity, Brielle's efforts seemed futile. Her very existence threatened to harm Max. Michael intended to make this crystal clear to her.
Brielle's hands tensed on her lap, yet her gaze remained lucid. "Michael, I won't deny your words. All I have to offer right now is my determination, which I'm willing to risk. Max isn't a calculated choice for me; he's a conviction I pursue despite knowing better. He lacks nothing, and if he chose me, it's because I offer what he most desires-sincerity and loyalty. I will continue to give him my all, unreservedly." Brielle's eloquence was no secret to Michael.
Upon her finishing, Max's previously grim expression softened into a faint smile. Spencer, on the sidelines, felt an overwhelming urge to rise and strangle Brielle.
A conviction pursued despite knowing better?
This was a colossal joke! What did Brielle know about love?
Spencer felt as if he was in a trance, all his love and hate ready to explode. He was
determined to avenge himself on Brielle. If he couldn't have her, he'd ensure no one else
could either.
Chapter 593
###Chapter 533
Chapter 533
"What a silver-tongued devil you are!"
"I'm telling you, this lady must've pulled some shady tricks to catch Max's eye in the first place."
"Sweet talker. Would you have fallen for Max if he wasn't the CEO of Dorsey International?" The accusers were distant relatives, their eyes ablaze with indignation as they stared at
Brielle.
Brielle chuckled softly, a tinge of exasperation in her voice. "What can I say? When I met him, he was already the CEO of Dorsey International."
Her retort was indisputable, and even Max looked down, his lips curving into a subtle smile.
The relative who had spoken was left speechless, huffing in frustration before turning to Michael.
Michael was the picture of composure, setting down his glass of bourbon. "Brielle, now that you've been let go by Dorsey International and other companies aren't willing to hire you, even if you have the talent, you've got no stage to shine on. If you say you love Max, you've got to show some real commitment."
He shifted the conversation away from personal feelings. Those who had once ruled the business world weren't to be trifled with by youngsters. From the moment Brielle and Max had entered, Michael had been plotting how to manipulate the situation to his advantage.
“I
Can offer you a chance, though. Ever heard of Stellar Stage Entertainment? It's a subsidiary
of Dorsey International that's been mismanaged since the new CEO took over three years ago. Dorsey International isn't too concerned with this little venture, but what if I were to make you the executive CEO there? Would that interest you?"
Before Brielle could respond, the relatives were in an uproar. Sending Brielle to run another company as the executive CEO? Why should she get such a lucky break? "Michael, Brielle isn't one of us Dorsey folk. Is it really okay to hand her such a sweet deal on a silver platter? Surely we can't just do her favors because she's dating Max." "Yeah, she's an outsider, after all. Why should she get to be an executive CEO?"
"And she claims it's not about the Dorsey fortune, but I bet she's already scheming on how to carve up our family assets."
They dared not criticize Michael's decision too fiercely, instead casting gloomy glances at Brielle, as if she had stolen their piece of pie.
But what nobody expected was for Max to outright reject the proposal. "I disagree, Father."
Michael's expression remained impassive as he toyed with a piece of mint on his drink, "If you disagree, then you're free to leave. There's no point in discussing this further. She'll never
15.141
Chapter 533
enter our doors again with her head held high."
Max stood up, ready to pull Brielle away with him, but Brielle stayed put, her gaze steady on Michael. "Michael, if I take the job as executive CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, what level of success do you require before you're satisfied?"
"A fifty-fold increase in performance."
He said it casually as if such a monumental increase was as light as a feather. Anyone familiar with finance knew that such a figure was a Herculean task, reserved only for the titans of business.
"Father!"
Max's face grew cold, but Brielle continued, "And if I achieve that, you won't stand in the way of me and Max anymore, correct?"
Michael paused, peering at Brielle as if measuring her courage. "You've got guts, taking on Stellar Stage Entertainment without even knowing the mess it's in," he chuckled. "Yes, I won't ." A smile spread across Brielle's face. "Then I accept."
"Six months. If you don't deliver, you and Max are through."
"Agreed."
As Brielle uttered that word, she felt Max tense beside her. He looked down at her, a flicker of hurt crossing his eyes.
Brielle couldn't meet his gaze. "Michael is a man of his word. I trust you'll keep your promise." No sooner had she spoken than Max released her hand and strode towards the door, clearly
infuriated.
A smirk crossed Michael's face. Brielle was still too young. No matter how strong or confident she was, her readiness to accept the challenge so swiftly in Max's eyes translated to taking their relationship lightly. It suggested that she wasn't afraid to lose it, and that was precisely the problem.
He had always said that once the seed of doubt was planted, it was only a matter of time. before it took root.
###Chapter 534
Chapter 534
When Michael spoke with much finality the others know better than to arque. After all, he was the leader of the family and Mac's father His word was low, and no one dared to defy hin So, they could only glare at Brielle with even deeper resentment.
The most agitated of them all was Spencer. He knew about Stellar Stage Entertainment, was the company Ryan had taken over.
Given its name, it was obviously an entertainment company filled with C-list celebrities and hopefuls, none of whom had made a real name for themselves. Ryan had taken it over simply because it was full of pretty faces, and Spencer knew he had bedded more than a few of them.
Ryan treated Stellar Stage Entertainment like his personal playground, picking and choosing who to take to his hotel room when bored, and never truly nurturing the business. The whole company was crooked from top to bottom.
The women who were still there either couldn't leave because of binding contracts or had nowhere else to go. The male talent fared even worse. The company didn't even see them. as artists, using them for any odd job that came up, like dancing for a room full of seniors in some small town or performing at a local mall. Those performers had long since lost their pride and spark. Sending Brielle there was like sending her into the lion's den.
With her finance background, Brielle didn't know the first thing about the entertainment industry. Michael giving her the reins of Stellar Stage Entertainment seemed like an opportunity, but in reality, it was a set-up for despair.
A crooked company, a spiritless roster, and someone completely green to the entertainment scene what chance did she have, especially with the impossible goal of increasing the company's performance fiftyfold in six months?
Spencer's lips curled up in a cold smile.
Another reason Grandpa had handed over the company to Brielle was to stir up resentment among the Dorsey family's branches. Most of the extended family members present had not clue about the actual state of Stellar Stage Entertainment. Dorsey International had hundreds of national and international subsidiaries, and no one could've known the details of each company's performance. So, to the extended family, it looked like Brielle had taken control of a company from the Dorsey fortune.
She didn't deserve it!
What the extended family would do to Brielle was now a matter of her luck.
Spencer's heart was racing with the thought that he could be of assistance to her if only she would ask. His gaze turned fervent, and he felt a famil
arousal, just from seeing her face, hearing her name, and listening to her voice she was like a demon he couldn't exorcise. Brielle had become his obsession.
15:141
Chapter 534
Brielle stood from her chair, nodded politely to everyone in the room, and followed Max out. The glares that followed her were like knives at her back.
Once outside, she saw that Max was gone, and his car with him. Her quick agreement had
hurt him. She knew it.
She took out her phone to call him when suddenly, someone grabbed her from behind. "Brielle, if you ask me, I can help you. I know some people at Stellar Stage Entertainment, and I can pull in some top stars from major entertainment firms in Beaconsfield," Spencer's voice whispered hotly in her ear.
Brielle's face turned dark, and she threw Spencer over her shoulder onto the ground.
Spencer lay there, grimacing in pain, unable to get up.
Brielle clenched her phone and stepped on his chest. Spencer coughed, almost spitting blood under her foot.
Brielle stood over him, her gaze full of contempt and disgust. "Are you sick? Spencer, ever since that disgusting thing you did, I've felt nothing but revulsion towards you. Stay away
from me."
A flame seemed to light in Spencer's eyes as he stared at her.
Her animated face and disdainful tone thrilled him, and he felt an almost uncontrollable urge. He had realized too late that he liked Brielle loved her, even. He had turned to Lillian because Brielle was too aloof, too damaging to his pride.
During the years of their engagement, she was kind to him, but it was a distant kindness. Not matter how hard he tried, he couldn't see himself reflected in her eyes. His attraction turned to resentment, convincing himself not to care, and that's when he noticed Lillian's allure.
Spencer swallowed hard, reaching for her leg. "Brielle-"
Brielle looked down and saw the bulge in his pants. She felt sick to her stomach, utterly disgusted. Was that all he ever thought about? She stomped on the offending area, causing Spencer to curl up, his face beaded with sweat.
Cimpler 535
###Chapter 535
Chapter 535
"You seriously make me sick."
Brielle's tone was indifferent, she didn't bother with a response as she headed towards the
front door.
Spencer was curled up on the ground like a squashed bug, clenching his teeth so hard from the pain he wanted to howl.
When Tiffanie came out, all she saw was Spencer twisted up on the pavement. She jumped back, startled, and couldn't help asking, "Are you alright?"
"Get lost." Spencer spat out the words, his fists clenched tight, and his eyes fiercely fixed on the direction Brielle had left. He was determined to get what he wanted.
Tiffanie quickly moved forward and finally caught up with Brielle, not too far from the gate.
"Did you just chase Max off? Let me give you a lift back."
Brielle stood still, looking at the deserted street, her lips twitching into a wry smile. "That would be great. Thanks."
Tiffanie sighed, "Not to rag on you, but if I were Maxie, I'd be pissed too. You agreed to something without even knowing what's going on at Stellar Stage Entertainment. I seriously wonder if you even like Maxie. Did you see the look in his eyes? It was heartbreaking."
It was the first time Tiffanie had seen that kind of expression on Max's face, and it tugged at her heartstrings. For a moment, she even felt a bit resentful towards Brielle. If Max had fallen for any other woman, his life would've been smooth sailing, but loving Brielle turned the whole world into an obstacle course. And Brielle's attitude didn't help either. Sometimes, Tiffanie felt Maxie deserved better. Tiffanie pulled the car around and gave Brielle a run-down of the situation at Stellar Stage Entertainment.
"In a nutshell, it's a hot mess. You know Ryan's reputation; he always messed around, using Stellar Stage as his playground. Eighty percent of those artists have been passed around to the bigwigs in Beaconsfield. No matter their gender, they're just currency in the hands of the rich. At Dorsey International, you handled mergers and acquisitions, but over there, it's all about schmoozing and politics. And increasing performance by fifty times in six months? Brielle, I have faith in you, but even I doubt you can pull that off."
And even if she did, who knew what her grandfather would do? Would he really stop interfering, or would he pull some other stunt?
Brielle closed her eyes, leaning back in her seat. Her mind was on the festively decorated streets, thinking of the paired couplets and lanterns, and the tacky fairy lights at Premier Palace.
It was New Year's, their first together, and it was a total mess. Not even a 'Happy New Year'
Carter 535
was exchanged, and now he had disappeared for over twenty-four hours and walked out on
her again.
Brielle felt exhausted, yet she spoke with confidence, "If I hadn't agreed, what do you think I'd be facing tonight?"
Tiffanie's grin on the steering wheel tightened, and she fell silent. Right, if Brielle hadn't agreed, would her grandfather have really let her walk away?
Brielle watched the streetlights cast flickering shadows on her face through the window.
"Before I got here, I did some digging on Michael. He's got one up on Max - during his time in charge, no one disappeared from the family, but under Michael's reign, many did, including the Dorsey's third in line, who's never returned to Beaconsfield. Who knows what really happened to him? Sure, Max drove people to ruin, but that was all in the finance game. You play, you risk losing. Michael, though, his methods were far more brutal; he could strip away humanity."
So, if he could be ruthless with his own kin, what more could Brielle expect? Her research had shown as much. People mellowed with age: Otherwise, Ryan would have been long gone from the Dorsey fold, not just sent away from Beaconsfield.
Since Michael had summoned her, there had to be a conclusion: Either comply with his demands within six months or refuse and be eliminated on the way back. She had not
choice.
Hearing her analysis sent a chill through Tiffanie, who suddenly found herself at a loss for words.
Brielle continued. "When I saw Everett sitting there, it felt like a warning from Michael. If I don't play by his rules, I'm next."
Disbelief flickered in Tiffanie's eyes, and sweat beaded on her forehead as she grasped the true purpose of her grandfather inviting Everett. It wasn't acknowledgment but a stark example for Brielle of what happens to those who disobey.
Silently potent, it struck at the core, draining the will to resist. There, Everett sat, silent as a tombstone, a haunting reminder to Brielle of what lay ahead if she strayed from the path.
###Chapter 536
Chapter 536
The threat was more direct than any spoken suppression could ever be
Brielle sat silently in the car the tension palpable, while Tiffanie refrained from further
conversation
The car came to a halt outside the Premier Palace, and Brielle was the first to exit. She turned back, bending slightly to address Tiffanie still inside, "I'm going in then "You sure Maxie's in the mood to see you now?"
A bref pause flickered across Brielle's face. "I have to explain things to him.
Tiffanie pondered for a moment, then fished out a lollipop from the glove compartment and
tossed it out
Catching it deftly. Brielle heard her say, "Alright, go explain."
Brielle stood still for a moment, slipping the lollipop into her bag. Only when the sound of the car driving away faded did she slowly make her way inside the Premier Palace.
The festive lights were still hanging, the cheerful banners were still plastered on the walls, and even the tacky, colorful fairy lights were twinkling as ever. But inside, it was eerily quiet.
She rang the doorbell, and Wesley came to open the door. A glance around the hall revealed only Wesley. "Max hasn't come back yet?"
Wesley shook his head, exhaling a weary sigh, "He usually wouldn't come back for the holidays... I thought, with you here, he might-" He trailed off, the words left hanging.
Brielle swapped her shoes at the entrance, heading towards the sofa while dialing Max's number. She was wearing the matching slippers they'd bought together: hers white, his black. The mechanical voicemail greeted her from the other end, no answer. She dialed again. It was as if she'd keep calling until he picked up.
Max stared at his continuously ringing phone, rubbing his temples. His computer was still on. and the executives were waiting for him to speak on an international conference call. All they heard was the incessant ring of his phone, and the CEO, staring at the device, silent.
No one dared to interrupt; they waited in quiet anticipation. Finally, Max faced the screen. "Let's postpone the meeting until after the New Year. Spend some quality time with your families."
The international executives couldn't help but feel that their CEO sounded forlorn when he said those words, but no one argued, quietly packing up their documents as Max shut down the computer. If he paused, his father's words echoed in his mind. "That just proves you don't love her enough."
ner: 526
Brielle's retort inevitably followed in his head. "Max isn't a calculated choice for me, but a defiant act of certainty despite knowing better."
He touched the coffee next to him, now cold Drinking it now would certainly keep him awake later, but perhaps the bitterness could stifle the tang of despair on his tongue.
Did Brielle love him? Of course, he never doubted that.
How much? That he wasn't sure of. How shallow was her love, that she agreed without hesitation to his father's proposition?
Even though it was for them to be together, was she that confident in herself? What if she failed?
It seemed she never considered the possibility or maybe didn't care about it. That was a blow to him. Watching her agree so readily, he was incredulous and shocked. His heart felt pierced. Love, it turned out, could wound so effortlessly, more than any physical injury he had endured.
Brielle had opened the door to him loving someone, and he intended to walk that path with her to the bitter end. But now, he was uncertain. Brielle seemed to love him, but not to the point of being indispensable. It seemed her affection could easily shift to someone else, not necessarily Max, but any man.
For Max, it was different. From the moment she appeared, he had this subtle premonition that she was the reason to turn everyone else away.
Max coughed, reaching for his coffee to drink, when the sound of a key in the lock halted his hand. In the dim light, he saw the figure at the door.
The hope in his eyes slowly crumbled to ashes. It was Spencer.
Spencer turned on the brightest light in the room, and there they were, one standing and one sitting, silently facing each other.
This was Pearl Estate, where Brielle lived. Max didn't want to go to a hotel or any other residence, so when he left in a huff, he thought of her place, infused with her presence. But now, another man had intruded on this space.
Max's grip on his cup tightened instantly, while Spencer met his gaze without flinching. "Just here to pick up a few things," Spencer said.
He hadn't expected to find Max here and was momentarily caught off guard. Then he regained composure, walked over to a drawer, and retrieved the watch he'd intentionally left behind the last time he was there the same time he'd helped Sydney whisk Brielle away. He had made a copy of Brielle's keys and left his watch as a deliberate token.
He knew he would need it eventually. And now, the moment had come, and he was discovered by Max.
###Chapter 537
Chapter 537
Spencer sneered inwardly as he approached Pearl Entate, noticing the lights still on. He had suspected that Brielle wouldn't return tonight after she and Max left the Dorsey mansion, but to his surprise, it wasn't Brielle who greeted him inside-it was Max himself, casually sitting on the couch
Weighing his options, Spencer recalled the watch incident from before. Max raised an eyebrow as Spencer confidently retrieved his belongings from a drawer, clearly belonging to him. How did Spencer have a key to Brielle's place, and why were his things there?
"Uncle Max, I'll leave you to it," Spencer said, trying to mask the discomfort from the pain Brielle had inflicted earlier, which now oddly felt like a relief.
He hoped this mix-up would drive a wedge between them and pave the way for his own
advance.
Trying to gauge Max's reaction, Spencer only caught a glimpse before Max took a sip from his coffee mug, seemingly unbothered by his presence.
Feeling a sting of humiliation but respecting the man's status, Spencer's fingers trembled as he closed the door behind him. Clutching the watch, he fought the urge to smash it against the wall, wary of making noise that Max might hear. Instead, he pressed the elevator button repeatedly, his frustration growing as the elevator seemed stuck mid-floor.
Meanwhile, Brielle had arrived at the base of Pearl Estate. Impatient, she opted for the stairs, unaware that Max had already shut down his computer, packed up, and left the apartment.
When the elevator finally arrived, Max shared it with Spencer, who was sweating bullets and frantically hitting the close button.
Max stood there, calm, his lean hand holding the same laptop bag Patrick usually carried. Spencer swallowed hard, feeling a knot in his throat when Max asked indifferently about his plans to join the company. The elevator reached the ground floor, and as Max passed by Spencer, he paused and asked, "Nervous?"
Spencer wanted to deny it, but the sweat trickling down his face betrayed him. He stayed silent as Max exited the building, his silhouette as stoic as an evergreen. Max handed the laptop bag to Patrick, who had arrived to pick him up.
Max had remained indifferent to Spencer's provocations, taking his actions as trivial as a bad joke.
Upstairs, Brielle stepped into her apartment and immediately sensed another's presence. Spotting the cold coffee on the coffee table, she rushed to the window and saw the familiar car driving away. Her heart pounded at the thought of Max turning to Pearl Estate in anger. Without delay, she
Chapter 537
dashed to the elevator, dialing Max's number.
Max heard the ringtone and looked down silently. Patrick sensed the tension and suggested viewing the New Year's Eve fireworks with Ms. Brielle.
"I've seen them already," Max replied, reminiscing about a beautiful display he had witnessed with her, one that couldn't be topped. But Patrick's mention of New Year's Eve struck a chord-Brielle had no one. Her parents rejected her, the Haywood family despised her, and her ex-husband betrayed her. If he did the same, who would she turn to tonight?
Max recalled Martha's words from years ago: when you love, you don't ask if it's worth it because love doesn't concern itself with worth.
At the time, he didn't understand those foreign emotions or whom Martha referred to. But now, he was beginning to grasp the selflessness required, or rather, the art of concealing one's selfishness seamlessly. Leaning back, he instructed Patrick to head back to Premier Palace.
Brielle stood at the
s of Pearl Estate, alone. She took out her phone, and after realizing
he wasn't answering her calls, she sent a message. [It's New Year's Eve, and I haven't had a bite to eat. I'm about to starve myself into a stomachache.]
Regardless, she thought, it's best to show vulnerability first.
###Chapter 538
Chapter 538
If she complained of a stomach ache, claiming she wasn't feeling well, Max would never leave her to suffer alone. And she made sure to emphasize New Year's Eve, which would naturally remind him that she was all by herself.
Brielle stood quietly waiting for his text, and sure enough, within three minutes, a message popped up. [Why aren't you eating?]
He was finally willing to respond.
When Brielle first got her hooks into him, she did it by being shameless. She had definitely messed up tonight, and if you messed up, you owned up to it and sweet-talked your way back into favor. Men and women were the same in that regard.
[Yes, I deserve it. Don't be mad, okay? Stellar Stage Entertainment is tough to handle, but I've got you, right? With Mr. Dorsey on my side, how could I not succeed?] A little flattery could extinguish even the greatest of rages.
[Cut the crap.]
Staring at the message, Brielle paused for a few seconds. Why did it feel like their roles had been reversed? Max was often easy to appease, but sometimes, he could be quite the challenge.
[I came looking for you, which means the scarf I'm knitting will have to wait. I could've finished it tonight, watching the fireworks outside, snuggled up in your arms. How perfect would that have been?] After sending the message, she realized how brazen she had been when she first started hanging around Max.
When no reply came within a minute, just as Brielle thought he wouldn't respond again, a new message arrived. [Then come back.]
Clearly, he was at Premier Palace.
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief, put down her phone, and headed towards where her car was parked. But as she looked up, she saw Spencer standing not too far away.
His gaze was still sticky and repulsive, enough to make her skin crawl. Her brow furrowed with undisguised disgust as she pretended not to see him and got into her car. Spencer just stood there, watching her go, struggling with his burgeoning obsession.
Just as Brielle was about to close the car door, Spencer made his move, yanking it open. Brielle's expression darkened, her mood plummeting. "Spencer, can't you take a hint?" "I'm getting married."
"And what's Hat got to do with me?"
The disdain in her eyes was palpable as she pulled at her car dont, but Spencer clung on desperately "Brielle, Uncle Max said you never really liked me to that true? His eyes. burning like branding irons seemed to scorch her skin. Brielle did not enjoy such gazes.
"Yes, what's there to like about you?"
To question a man's worthiness was the ultimate insult
Spencer writhed in pain, his eyes bloodshot as he glared at her. So, this was what she truly thought
He took a deep breath, his madness intensifying-probably stirred by the words she had spoken in front of his grandfather earlier.
What a joke.
She had known him for over a decade and never cared for him. She had met Max for less
than two months, yet she dared to speak such words-hypocrisy!
Women and their deception could be maddening!
Brielle's mind was fixed on Max, who was waiting for her at Premier Palace. Her face bore an eager expression as she tried to drive away.
Out of nowhere, Spencer produced a cloth and clamped it over her nose. He had come to Pearl Estate tonight with the intent to abduct Brielle. Only, he ran into Max and received a veiled warning. Still, he had found her, the woman he both loved and despised.
Brielle held her breath, inhaling only a whiff, but it was enough to make her head reel. Spencer pushed her into the passenger seat and took the driver's seat himself. "Spencer, are you trying to kill me?"
Tears instantly streamed down his face; he wasn't even sure what to do next.
Killing Brielle? No, that would be more painful than taking his own life.
He bit his lip hard and floored the gas pedal. "Last time, because of you, I spent days in the ER, but you probably couldn't care less if I lived or died."
"A man who tried to assault me? Yeah, his life or death really doesn't concern me."
With her eyes half-closed, Brielle tried to fight off the dizziness. Secretly, she reached for her phone and dialed Max's emergency number.
"Thinking of calling Uncle Max for help? It's no use, Brielle. I've figured out how to deal with
you."
He slammed the pedal to the metal with a maniacal grin.
###Chapter 539
Chapter 539
Bette chuckled lightly when she heard the wonds. "Really now? What's your grand plan to deal with me? Drag me out to some godforsaken place and have your way with me before finishing me off?" Such low grade tactics hardly impressed her.
"Even if you kill me or violate me, my heart still belongs to Max. I love him so much, I'd give up my life" Her voice was nonchalant as she watched the landscape whizzing by the window, a small smile curving her lips, "I just realized how deeply I feel for him."
Spencer gripped the steering wheel tight, his palms slick with sweat. "Is that so? Your love is quite noble"
Madness filled his eyes, tears streamed down his face, but he seemed eerily calm now. A calm that was terrifying.
Brielle couldn't be bothered to argue with him. If this guy wasn't part of the Dorsey clan, the folks in Beaconsfield would have set him straight long ago. At the end of the day, Spencer had it too easy his whole life, which is why he turned out this way. After ruining the best thing he ever had, he started crying and making a fuss, thinking it would bring everything back, like an immature child.
The car pulled up to an abandoned factory on the outskirts of town, and Brielle felt bone-weary. She just slumped in her seat. "Get on with whatever you're going to do. Tonight's New Year's Eve. I'd like to get back in time to watch the fireworks with him."
Spencer's hands trembled as he opened the door, so weak that he struggled to muster the strength to move. He'd never imagined that Brielle could be so heartless when she didn't love someone. His lips trembled, and suddenly, he didn't have the strength to get out of the car. All his plans, his madness, disappeared in an instant because of her words.
He began to sob into the steering wheel, starting quietly and escalating into loud wails, his shoulders shaking. Brielle lifted her eyelids, gave him a detached glance, and closed her eyes again. The car windows were down, and the outside wind kept blowing in, but nothing mattered against the backdrop of his grief.
A man crying like this was beyond her comprehension, but knowing it was Spencer, she sort of understood.
Brielle sighed softly.
At the sound of her sigh, Spencer felt a surge of pain. He suddenly looked up and, in a fit of despair, ripped open her blouse.
Brielle didn't bother to struggle. The whole situation annoyed her, and she just wanted to cut him loose from her life. Their entanglement should have ended a decade ago.
However, Spencer only managed to tear a few buttons before resting his head on her
15:15 m)
Chapter 534
shoulder, sobbing as if his heart would break. His tears soaked her shoulder, and her
irritation grew. She pushed him away, not caring if he continued to cry, and kicked him out of the car with one swift movement.
Spencer tumbled out and rolled into a heap of weeds.
Brielle, regaining some strength, saw him lying in the dirt and mud and felt a wave of discomfort. Her memories of the past were fading, but she remembered a Spencer who was fearless and proud, not the man weeping before her now.
She shrugged off her tear-stained jacket and threw it out the window.
The scene had become almost comical. He had brought her here, presumably with other intentions, but now he could do nothing but cry. She sat in the car; he lay beneath it, unable to even lift his head. What could be more painful for Spencer? The hurt Brielle inflicted on him was worse than death. The words she spoke in the car shattered all his sanity. He felt as though he had died and come back to life countless times.
Brielle should have wanted revenge for his na
collusion with Alivia, which led her to believe she was pregnant, and for his relentless pursuit of her, but now, she couldn't muster the desire for vengeance. Perhaps letting him live like this was a hundred times worse than death.
She had never been a merciful person. The thought of what might have happened if she'd truly been pregnant made it impossible for her to feel pity for Spencer. So she closed the car door and said one last thing.
"Would you fall for a man who cries so hideously? If you weren't born into the Dorsey family, you'd still be left in my dust, even when I came from an orphanage. Count yourself lucky to be a Dorsey. But it seems, even with that, you haven't managed to live like a man should."
###Chapter 540
Chapter 540
Her voice was nonchalant as she stepped on the gas, and the car zoomed away. Spencer didn't chase after her, his tears falling harder as he bit down on his teeth, refusing to let his sobs be heard. Glancing at the clothes she had discarded, he walked over with shaky legs, picked them up. and hugged them to his chest as he continued to cry.
Brielle caught a glimpse of Spencer's silhouette in the rearview mirror and involuntarily hit the brakes. A minute later, she looked up, letting the chilly breeze from outside whip across her face, stinging her cheeks, before she pressed down on the accelerator again.
Of all the Dorseys, Spencer was probably the luckiest. He had Faith's undying adoration, and after coming of age, Brielle, the ever-dutiful fool, shielded him from harm. He never knew real cruelty, never knew despair, and that was why he couldn't handle even the slightest pain, which shaped his petulant nature.
He could betray others, but heaven forbid they betray him. He could toy with people's feelings, but no one was allowed to play with his. He was still like a spoiled child, thinking anyone who wasn't on his side deserved to be destroyed.
However, Max and Tiffanie, also of the Dorsey clan, were different.
Max was thrust in front of everyone at the tender age of ten by the ruthless Michael, and only he knew the hardships he faced.
Tiffanie's very existence was a sin. Her mother, Victoria, detested her to the bone, while to Everett, she was the reason for his downfall.
Out of all the Dorseys, Spencer had it the easiest. But as Brielle said, he certainly didn't live up to being a man.
On her way back, Brielle's phone went off like mad, and a blinding light in the distance seemed to tear through the surrounding darkness.
She squinted, pulling over to the side of the road, as the other vehicle did the same. It was
Max's car.
Max had tracked her down in a hurry, only to find her driving alone back to the city. "Brielle?"
Max frowned, hastening his step towards her. "Are you alright?"
He leaned in slightly, his hands resting on her shoulders, examining her.
Brielle looked up and smiled at him. She wasn't too affected by the substances she'd inhaled, but the cold air did sober her up a bit. She noticed several cars following Max's, and the passenger in the first car stepped out-it was the man she had seen in prison.
He stood at a distancé, nodding respectfully before turning his gaze away.
"I'm fine."
15:15
"Who was it?"
A flash of murderous intent crossed Max's eyes, his grip on her shoulders tightening. Brielle. knew he was worried, but thinking of Spencer still at the scene, weeping inconsolably, she lost any desire for revenge. Those few words had likely shattered his remaining pride and self-esteem. Nothing could hurt Spencer more than that.
it's no one. Let's go back. I'm really hungry."
Max relaxed, stroking her head gently. "I'm- The words "I'm sorry" hung unspoken.
Brielle didn't want to drive her car anymore; she was too drained, hungry and cold.
Eventually, she saw an unfamiliar man drive her car away, while she settled comfortably into Max's, using his leg as a pillow. As the car headed towards the city, she drowsily heard him ask. "Have you decided what you're going to do with Stellar Stage Entertainment?" He sounded genuinely concerned about her potential failure.
Brielle found it amusing. "Did Michael call you to say something?"
Max averted his gaze, his demeanor turning cold once more as if bracing for another argument. "Yeah, he forbade me from helping you."
Well, that made sense. If Max's capabilities were put to use, achieving fifty times the results would be a piece of cake for him. Michael naturally wouldn't allow Max to interfere or step foot in Stellar Stage Entertainment.
"I have a plan. I've researched their situation, and it's quite thorny. I'll go to the office the day. after tomorrow to get a firsthand look at the talent."
Half a year was a tight deadline, and navigating the intricacies of personal relationships.
wasn't her strong suit.
But with these six months, she could dream about what her company might become. With a recent funding round bringing in fifty billion, given another six months, her net worth might close in on a hundred billion. By then, as the new power player in Beaconsfield, perhaps she'd be worthy to stand by his side.
She needed to grow, and fast.
Meanwhile, back at the Dorsey estate, Michael had begun practicing his calligraphy in his study.
The butler, after some thought, couldn't help but ask.
"If Ms. Brielle really does solve Stellar Stage Entertainment's problems, are you sure you want her to join the Dorsey family?"
A harsh streak crossed Michael's brow. "If she's truly capable, then Stellar Stage Entertainment will triple in size. I'll gift the company to Alivia as compensation for her troubles."
The old fox knew how to play the game-using Brielle's hard-earned success to appease
Chapter 540
Alivia's grievances, thus satisfying both Alivia and the Barnes family.
###Chapter 541
Chapter 541
It seemed Michael never intended to let Brielle into the esteemed Dorsey family.
If Brielle didn't agree to his terms tonight, Michael could freely go after her without restraint, since she would've refused first.
If she agreed, it was a task doomed to fail from the start. Obsessed with achieving the impossible, Brielle would inevitably neglect Max's feelings. With their time together dwindling, conflicts would naturally arise.
And in the end, even if Brielle managed to accomplish this Herculean task, Stellar Stage Entertainment would fall entirely into the hands of Alivia. Michael had made it clear he wouldn't let Alivia suffer, so anything Brielle fought tooth and nail for would just end up in Alivia's hands, easing the bitterness in her heart.
The butler, listening from the sidelines, slowly lowered his lashes in contemplation of Michael's machinations, which certainly didn't end there.
The six-month timeline was, in fact, a countdown to Brielle's downfall. Michael would not allow a woman who climbed the ladder through her looks to be by his most accomplished son's side. Picking up a fountain pen, Michael wrote down a word on a piece of paper, then decisively crossed it out with two swift strokes.
"If she happens to get pregnant with Max's child during this ordeal, it'll be a double tragedy. I won't acknowledge her or the child. As for Max, I have my ways to deal with him." His tone was casual, as if the lives of a woman and a child were no more than a disposable piece of
paper.
Once so proud, Everett had been broken and now meekly shadowed Victoria. His dignity was stripped to the point of reporting even the frequency of their sexual encounters, living like a mere tool.
If this was Michael's approach with a man, how much more ruthless would he be with a woman trying to pull down his son?
Concerned that Michael's tactics might lead to a fallout with Max, the butler ventured a word of caution. "But, sir, considering Max's temperament-"
"I have an ace up my sleeve. Max couldn't possibly remain enamored with Brielle for more than six months."
No one knew what this ace was, but Michael's confidence seemed to indicate he was holding a winning hand. With that, the butler said no more. Meanwhile, at the other end of the city, in Premier Palace.
Brielle and Max had just entered the grand hall. Wesley, with cheeks flushed with excitement, hurried over. "Sir, Ms. Brielle, dinner will be ready in ten minutes."
15:15
mapter 511
Max released Brielle's hand and headed upstairs. "I'm going to take a shower" He felt the lingering scent of tobacco on his clothes from smoking earlier that evening. Brielle nodded, smiling, and picked up the partially knitted scarf, continuing her work.
Wesley, seeing the couple reconciled, quickly instructed the staff to finish hanging the decorations throughout Premier Palace. In a short time, the yard was adorned with dozens of fairy lights.
Brielle looked around at the vibrant colors filling the yard, and her face lit up with joy. Who would have thought that one day, Premier Palace would look like this?
Standing behind her, Wesley spoke with a touch of wonder in his voice. "This is the first time Premier Palace has been filled with such life and color. Ms. Brielle, I am truly grateful for your presence in the master's life. You're his finest choice."
Because she'd changed him.
But Brielle thought that wasn't quite right; it wasn't that she was Max's best choice, but rather that the best man had chosen her.
She headed upstairs, pushed open the bedroom door, and found Max, a towel wrapped. around his waist, emerging from the steamy bathroom. His tall frame was perfectly proportioned; droplets of water traced paths down his shoulders..
However, amidst the mist, Brielle saw dark, purplish marks on his skin.
Her heart skipped a beat, her mind racing back to the day she found lipstick on his shirt.
collar. This was different, though. That could have been an accident, but how she explain these marks?
Her spirits plummeted as she considered leaving before Max noticed her.
could
She needed to stay calm; Max wouldn't betray her. But what was really going on? No wonder he'd been acting so strange at the Dorsey family gathering earlier that night when she tried to: get close. Brielle's complexion paled as her thoughts spun out of control.
Unaware of Brielle at the door, Max dried his hair and walked toward the bed. His back was also marred with bruises. Brielle felt as if she'd been punched in the heart.
Max tossed the towel aside and picked up the hairdryer, his peripheral vision finally catching sight of her. "Brielle?"
Her face was strained, but she managed a weak smile. "Tonight's dinner is quite the feast. I heard the kitchen got a king crab shipped in from abroad first thing this morning. Just that one dish costs a fortune, and the crab is so huge they barely found a pot to fit it."
She was deliberately changing the subject, her gaze carefully avoiding his body.
Chaple: 542
###Chapter 542
Chapter 542
Max still had the hairdryer in his hand when he noticed the troubled look on her face, causing a pang in his chest. He quickly set down the hairdryer and approached her. "It's not what you. think."
His fingertips gently lifted her chin, tilting her face up as he softly explained. "Andrew came locking for a fight."
Brielle's eyes narrowed instantly, and her sadness evaporated, replaced by a surge of anger, The last time he had a bruise on his cheek was from Andrew, and now Andrew had the nerve to get physical again. What was his deal?
Seeing her expression returned to normal, Max breathed a sigh of relief. "I let some info leak online. Tessa got so wound up she ended up back in the ER, and Andrew lost it."
"Isn't that what she deserves?" Brielle's tone was bitter, her fists clenched tight.
Max couldn't help but chuckle and handed her the hairdryer. "Yeah, she had it coming."
Brielle plugged the hairdryer into the socket, grabbed his hair with her left hand, and with the hairdryer in her right, she diligently went about drying his hair. "You didn't fight back?"
"I did. He's probably still in the hospital."
"Good for you."
Brielle felt a lot of her anger dissipate. "Don't go easy on him. This mess isn't our fault. When Tessa and I fell into the water, she was the one who pushed me first while my guard was down."
"I figured as much."
Max closed his eyes, enjoying the sensation of Brielle's fingers weaving through his hair. There was always a faint scent about her, permeating the air and seeping into his pores, impossible to ignore.. Unable to resist, he wrapped his arms around her waist and slowly trailed his hands upward. Brielle squirmed as he found a ticklish spot, trying to suppress a laugh. "Stop it."
"You were mad at me just now, weren't you?" She must have misunderstood something again.
Brielle quickly straightened up, feeling guilty. "Then go ahead, touch."
Her hands continued drying his hair until it was almost done, but his next move left her frozen in place. His fingers slipped under the hem of her shirt, and he looked up at her. "Did he touch you?"
It seemed he had guessed who had taken her away that evening. Brielle felt a heaviness in her heart, sensing that Max was more dangerous now than ever before. It was as if a positive answer would seal Spencer's fate. How would that be any different from Michael?
15:15
"No, it's over between him and me
"But he's not giving up, is he7"
He should be giving up now."
With his hair fully dry, she wrapped the hairdryer cord and placed it in the nearby storage box Max embraced her from behind, enveloping her completely. "Next time, I won't be so lenient
with hum.
Brielle sensed a lethal intent in his words.
Was she supposed to urge Max not to act on it? No way. She was no saint. Ryan and William had been eyeing him like a piece of meat, waiting for a chance to take Max down, without hesitation. If she now asked Max to hold back, it was akin to cruelly defanging a tiger.
She was selfish.
"Alright, then, don't hold back."
Max seemed surprised by her response, chuckled lightly, and buried his head into the nape of her neck. The warmth of his breath tickled Brielle, and she couldn't help but turn her head to dodge it. "Let's go downstairs for dinner, that king crab is huge."
Brielle's eyes light up with anticipation. Max's heart softened, and he led her downstairs. Wesley had already started setting the table and couldn't hide the smile in his eyes when they arrived. "Ms. Brielle, I've decanted the wine. You and the gentleman can enjoy a glass tonight. There'll be fireworks to watch from upstairs, and it's supposed to snow."
Brielle realized Wesley really knew how to dial up the romance; he even prepared candles for the occasion. She felt a touch embarrassed..
With everything set by Wesley, he and the staff discreetly retreated.
Brielle and Max had been together long enough, and though they had had sex numerous times, she still felt shy in front of him, especially since this was their first candlelit dinner.
She sat down and sneakily glanced at Max across the table. Max served her a bowl of soup. "Aren't you hungry?"
He was so gentle that it made Brielle feel as if she were already tipsy without even having a sip of wine. Just as she was about to speak, Max's cellphone rang.
He frowned slightly, stood up, and walked to the side to answer. "Mother."
"Max, have you had dinner? If you're done, could you come and keep me company?"
"Not yet."
"Where are you having dinner? I called Michael, and he said you left a while ago. Why aren't you at home for the New Year's Eve dinner? There are many distant relatives there tonight, Chapter 542
and you know what they're thinking."
"If you had called there, then you should know that I had taken Brielle to meet the Dorsey family."
At that, Martha's expression darkened, a flicker of madness crossing her eyes. "Now you're completely disregarding my health. Didn't the doctor say I can't handle stress?" Chapter 543
###Chapter 543
Chapter 543
"I'm just guessing you would've heard about it, that's all."
Martha clamped her mouth shut, her hand gripping the mug so tightly it nearly shattered. Of course, she was aware of Michael's request to Brielle, but she couldn't bear it.
A flash of defiance crossed her eyes. "Max, does it have to be her?"
The defiance quickly faded, and her tone became indifferent. "No matter what happens in the future, you'll always be with her, right?"
"Yes."
The call ended abruptly. Max glanced at his phone before returning to the dinner table. His appetite had somewhat diminished, but he still offered Brielle a piece of crab. "Here, eat up. You must be starving." Brielle sensed his mood had darkened. She knew who had called and felt a twinge in her
heart.
No wonder even Tiffanie had been blaming her tonight. Being with Max seemed to isolate him from everyone else. She had nothing to begin with, so there was nothing for her to lose. This relationship had always been a greater sacrifice for him from the start. She didn't even know what she could offer to make up for all that he had lost.
She told herself that maybe Max didn't care much for kinship or friendship, but if he truly didn't care, he wouldn't have let Andrew punch him; if he didn't care, he wouldn't have made. such an effort to send Martha abroad and ensure she was well looked after.
Brielle couldn't lie to herself; Max was quite emotionally reserved, but seemed even more emotionally impoverished because of her presence.
The once flavorful meal now tasted bland. She resolved to treat Max better, so well that she might compensate for everything he was missing. She had to be better for him. That was her
silent vow.
After finishing their meal, they didn't bother going up to the roof to watch the night's fireworks. She picked up the unfinished scarf and continued knitting. Just as she said she would do when she texted him. She knitted in his arms.
By the large floor-to-ceiling window, he held a book in one hand, the other resting gently on
the back of her head.
Brielle knitted a few stitches, glanced at the cover, and knew what he was reading. It's a book. by Borges.
Her hands paused for a moment as she watched him, his gaze lowered, reading intently. His long lashes cast a deep shadow over his eyelids, and his jawline was even more perfect in this light.
She thought to herself that, no matter what the future held, she would always remember this moment. That night, they went to bed without making love, simply cuddling together as they ell asleep
#she awoke, her phone was flooded with messages wishing her a Happy New Year. Some were from Mason, others from Aubree and Tiffanie.
Mason had sent two messages-one with New Year's greetings and another about the Rowland family's dealings abroad.
The Rowland family was convinced. They were ready to drop a whopping twenty billion on that piece of land. Once the government's seal was on it, the land would be theirs. many had
Brielle's lips curled into a smile. Cash flow was the lifeblood of a company, and gone bankrupt due to liquidity issues. That twenty billion would hit the Rowland family where it hurt, keeping them from scheming against her.
She was about to reply when Mason sent another message. The overseas process was much simpler than back home, and in about a week, the land's fate would be announced.
Brielle replied with a single word, [Good.]
She responded to the other New Year's wishes, but one message took her by surprise. It was from Kenzo, and it was just a picture of fireworks.
Beaconsfield had a grand fireworks display on New Year's Eve, a highlight for many each year. In Brielle's heart, she had already seen the most beautiful fireworks with Max, so the previous night's display held no interest for her.
Kenzo's picture was quite artistic, clearly taken from a well-thought-out angle. [Beautiful photo. Happy new year, Kenzo.]
Kenzo didn't respond. Brielle figured the photo was likely sent to a group and didn't dwell on
it
Her peaceful days continued until she went to Dorsey International for the last time to hand over her duties, where she encountered Sydney dressed exactly like her. The rest of the department seemed surprised to see her back, their words stuck in their throats. And Sydney, clutching a pile of documents, nodded slightly at her before heading to the elevator. Sydney used to be lively, but now she affected an aloof demeanor.
Once Sydney left, her colleagues started buzzing with gossip.
"Ms. Haywood, you saw it, right? She's been copying you lately, from how you dress to the way you talk. And she's always hanging around the top floor."
"She insists on delivering any documents that need to go up there."
"Every outfit you've worn, she's bought the same."
The feeling of being mimicked behind your back was downright uncomfortable, especially when the imitator kept showing up around Max.
###Chapter 544
Chapter 544
But Brielle was no longer the director, and it had been her who had initially promoted Sydney. Until the new director arrived, Sydney was the most influential person in the department.
The new director was none other than Spencer, who was rumored to be canoodling with Sydney. Naturally, he wouldn't fire his own flame.
Brielle felt a knot of disgust in her stomach, but she had to hurry over to Stellar Stage Entertainment to check on the situation. So, after offering some brief words of comfort to her colleagues, she prepared to leave the office.
Just then, Sydney returned, her previous timidity and respect toward Brielle replaced with scom. "Brielle, I heard you got canned because you socked Mr. Dorsey. How could you be so dumb? You didn't seriously think that just because Mr. Dorsey fancied you, you could get away with murder, did you?"
Sydney had completely changed her tune, and remembering the humiliation she suffered at the hands of Alivia, she felt sick. Alivia had been harsh because of Brielle, so naturally, Sydney directed her anger at Brielle.
"Brielle, have you finished handing over your last project? If so, please make yourself scarce. We've got work to do here, and there's no time to entertain the likes of you." She emphasized the words "the likes of you" with a sneer and turned toward her office.
Brielle noticed that Sydney wasn't at her usual workstation but in the director's office instead. Her brows furrowed, her gaze landing on Sydney's back.
Feeling Brielle's stare, Sydney's posture grew even more triumphant. "You know, I should thank you for promoting me. Little did you know, Mr. Dorsey has been pursuing me. If you wouldn't mind, tell Mr. Dorsey to stop hounding me. And all those times he bothered you were only because you looked a bit like me. Don't go getting any wild ideas."
Sydney wasn't afraid of Brielle anymore
after all, Brielle was no longer in charge.
Brielle couldn't help but laugh. "You badmouth me, yet you imitate me. Don't you find yourself contradictory? Deep down, you must really want to be me." Her tone was indifferent as she passed a few documents to a colleague.
Sydney was stung by the remark, her face darkening. It was one thing to imitate someone's style, quite another to have it pointed out so bluntly, and it felt like a blow to her pride. Her fists clenched, her breath quivering. Compared to Brielle's calm demeanor, she felt utterly defeated.
A cold look passed through Sydney's eyes, and she thought of the possibility that Brielle might still be ensnaring the CEO. It made her stomach churn.
But it didn't matter. As long as she kept wearing these clothes and made frequent visits to the CEO's side, Max would soon forget Brielle and fall for her. After all, Brielle wouldn't be at Dorsey International anymore, and a fleeting fancy would fade with distance.
Chapter 544
Her lips curled into a smirk. "Don't get too comfortable, Brielle. You'll have your share of
tears."
Brielle watched Sydney's overconfident departure and just chuckled to herself. "Every time someone tells me that, they end up being the one with bad luck."
"You!" Sydney couldn't outwit Brielle with words. Fuming, she stormed into her office and slammed the door shut.
Shaking her head with a wry smile, Brielle finished up her paperwork and left Dorsey International. She didn't bother to plead her case to Max or ask him to fire Sydney.
However, as she was getting into her car, she ran into Sydney's boyfriend - the same one from before, dressed simply and waiting outside the building. He was probably there for Sydney, his lovestruck expression betraying no knowledge of her behind-the-scenes machinations.
Brielle had no interest in meddling in other people's dramas. She started her car and set the navigation for Stellar Stage Entertainment.
The entertainment company was a good hour's drive from Dorsey International and equally distant from Premier Palace.
Michael's decision to place her at Stellar Stage Entertainment was clearly a strategic move. If she focused her energy on this new company, meetings with Max would inevitably dwindle.
On her drive over, Stellar Stage Entertainment had already been notified of their incoming new director. However, the atmosphere among the staff lacked any sign of welcome. Changing directors was a regular occurrence, and the previous one, Ryan, had colluded with the higher-ups to exploit the talent even more. So the news of a new director only made the young employees more scared, fearing someone worse than Ryan might arrive.
A boy in a baseball cap stood in front of a marble table while a portly man in his fifties sat in the office chair.
The young man standing had a clean, refreshing aura, like a spring in a mountain brook. Even those accustomed to beauty couldn't help but be drawn to his presence.
###Chapter 545
Chapter 545
"Ricardo, think it through, man. The boss has had his eye on you for ages. Ryan was keen on shipping you out before, but you wouldn't have it. Now that Ryan's gone, there's a new guy in charge, worse than Ryan ever was. Who knows what he'll do to you? If you don't listen to me this time, no one will cover for you when the new CEO shows up."
Ricardo's brow furrowed, and he sidestepped the hand reaching out to him. "Director Keagan, keep it professional, please."
Keagan was livid. Ricardo was a looker, no doubt about it, and over the years, he had managed to break him in, or so he thought. Ricardo's little sister was sick at home, and in all three years, the company hadn't paid him a dime. Since joining Stellar Stage Entertainment at sixteen, now at nineteen, he hadn't released a single work. Plenty of female executives, and some male ones, were all waiting for him to fold.
But Ricardo was tough as nails.
Keagan sneered, "You've got a twenty-year contract with us, with seventeen years left. By the time you walk out of here, you'll be thirty-five-way past the prime age for an entertainer. Do you really want to keep this deadlock with me? If you defy me, all I'll need is a little pill, and once the new CEO arrives, you'll be in his bed before you know it."
Disgust flitted across Ricardo's eyes. His fist clenched by his side. He'd been through this before, fending off those creeps, almost beating them senseless. After that, Keagan never tried to force him again. "Director Keagan, do what you will. I can't control my fists, and I don't know what I'll do to that trash. With that, Ricardo flung the door open and strode out.
Stepping out of the building, his eyes reddened, and his nose tingled with the beginnings of tears. He was only nineteen, after all. Three years' wages added up to less than ten grand, and he'd been moonlighting just to keep his sister fed.
He trusted the wrong people and signed a twenty-year contract, only for them to show their
true colors.
Glancing at the news on the lobby TV, where Dorsey International was thriving, acquiring more land and making more money, Ricardo snorted. Stellar Stage Entertainment was like a neglected piece of land that Dorsey International had forgotten. He'd once thought his luck would change when someone from the Dorsey family took over. Instead, Ryan's tactics were as ruthless as the higher-ups, and many female artists had suffered.
Max, the untouchable CEO of Dorsey International, seemed a world away from the grimy, twisted world of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Ricardo's eyes welled up again. Perhaps he'd been wrong to judge Max by his cover, for the wealthy were experts at dressing up rotten cores to look as splendid as Christmas trees.
He walked on with determined steps.
Chapter 545
Brielle pushed open the revolving glass door and collided head-on with the young man. He was solid as steel, making her nose throb, and she pressed it, half-expecting blood
Ricardo glanced at her, recognizing her face from somewhere 'Sorry, are you okay?"
Brielle frowned at him, feeling a heat in her eyes. Once the urge to cry subsided, she waved it off. I'm fine"
Ricardo, feeling guilty, insisted, "Are you bleeding? Let me see."
As Brielle reluctantly lowered her hand, tears welled up, and Ricardo was at a loss for words. She was stunning. Stellar Stage Entertainment had many female artists, but none were as beautiful as her. And her face seemed familiar, though he couldn't place where he'd seen it.
Brielle e gave him a once-over. Clean-cut, was he an artist? But his clothes were far from flashy. Not just plain, but bordering on shabby. His bleached jeans sported several patches, and his jacket wasn't nearly warm enough for the cold.
"Are you with Stellar Stage Entertainment?" Her tone-was indifferent, back to normal.
Ricardo's face flushed with embarrassment, a bit flustered, "Sort of."
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief. "Good. Then, take me to management. I want to have a look
around."
Ricardo was taken aback. Who was she, exactly?
###Chapter 546
Chapter 546
Although Ricardo was puzzled, he didn't let it show. After a moment of hesitation, he said,
"Okay."
Following behind Ricardo, Brielle entered the elevator. Just then, her phone rang; it was Max, his voice tender and soothing. "Have you arrived?"
Brielle smiled, Just got here, about to meet with the management team."
"If you're unsure about anything, just ask me."
"Will do. Focus on your work; don't worry about me."
After hanging up, Brielle watched the elevator numbers climb steadily.
Through the reflective elevator walls, Ricardo observed her. She didn't seem like an artist; she had an air of authority about her.
The elevator reached their floor, and Ricardo led Brielle to the partially open door of Keagan's office. The office door was ajar, and some rather embarrassing noises came from inside.
Ricardo felt a wave of awkwardness and wished he could disappear into a crack in the floor. He glanced at Brielle. "Maybe we should come back later?"
Brielle glanced at her phone. It was ten in the morning, work hours. What on earth were the higher-ups doing? "Is that Stellar Stage Entertainment's top brass in there?"
Ricardo nodded, "The Director."
As the sounds from inside grew louder, Ricardo wished he could barge in and knock some sense into Keagan, that bastard.
But he dared not. After all, Keagan was the Director of Stellar Stage Entertainment, and Ricardo's power only extended to protecting himself. If he pushed Keagan too far, his sister could become a target. Before Ricardo could react further, Brielle kicked the door open with a loud bang.
Keagan, who had someone pinned to the desk, was startled and instantly deflated. He looked up to see Brielle, and his eyes lit up. Hastily zipping up his pants, he instructed the other woman to leave. The woman shivered, clutching her clothes as she scurried out.
Ricardo was stunned and quickly pulled Brielle behind him. "Director Keagan, apologies for interrupting. We'll be on our way now."
At nineteen, Ricardo stood nearly six feet tall, shielding Brielle almost completely. But Keagan's lecherous gaze seemed to pierce right through Ricardo to settle on Brielle. "Ricardo, bringing a new artist to sign? Not bad. The company didn't waste time training you-bringing in fresh talent, too."
Chapter 546
Keagan's smile was full of satisfaction as he stood up and approached Brielle.
Ricardo stood his ground, "Director Keagan, she's just lost."
A sharp glint crossed Keagan's eyes; it seemed he had been too lenient with Ricardo, who now dared to talk back. "The company doesn't feed you for nothing. Move aside now, or I'll have others come in and force-feed you some 'medicine. Then you can entertain our new CEO. Your sister's been sick for three years, right? Wonder if she's even still alive."
Rage flashed in Ricardo's eyes, and he clenched his fists, "Keagan, I've tolerated you for too long."
Hearing his name spoken so boldly, Keagan raised his hand, but Brielle intercepted it. She stepped out from behind Ricardo, grabbed Keagan's incoming hand, and threw it aside.
Keagan was staggered by the force and stumbled back into his desk, his face instantly paling. "You bitch! What do you think you're doing? I was being nice because you're pretty. If I call the security guards now, you won't get out of here in one piece!"
Ricardo looked worriedly at Brielle. "The guards here are professionally trained. I don't know what you came for today, but we should leave. I'll take you out the back door!"
"You trying to leave? Ricardo, do you want to forget about your twenty-year contract? I could sue you, and you'd owe the company thirty million. How would you pay for that? Once you're in jail, who will take care of your sister?"
Ricardo felt a blockage in his chest, his legs rooted to the spot.
A smug look crossed Keagan's face. "If you know what's good for you, you'll bring that woman over to me. Such a pretty face, offering her to others would secure the company's resources for the entire year." Ricardo's fists tightened, loathing the man before him but feeling utterly powerless to stop him.
###Chapter 547
Chapter 547
However, Keagan hadn't anticipated that Brielle would actually approach him. His eyes sparkled with delight, and he shot Ricardo a smug look. "The new blood gets it way more than you, sweetheart. Come here, stick with me, and I guarantee you'll live a life of luxury."
Brielle's lips pressed into a tight line, but instead of approaching him, she breezed past and plopped down in the director's chair behind him. Keagan was dumbstruck, frozen in place.
Ricardo, who'd been watching Brielle, felt a pang of disappointment. She was beautiful, with an air of elegance about her. It seemed like she was about to give in to a guy like Keagan, which left Ricardo feeling like an outsider. He'd even considered walking away, but when he saw where Brielle had seated herself, he paused.
Brielle's lips curled into a smile as she placed her documents on the desk. "Here are my credentials. As of today, I'm the President of Stellar Stage Entertainment. We're having an executive meeting in thirty minutes. Anyone who's late is out on their ear."
Keagan thought he was hallucinating. His brow furrowed. "What did you just say?"
Brielle's eyes were sharp as razors, cutting through him. "What, you need me to repeat myself?"
"That's impossible!" Keagan's voice rose to a near shriek. Why would Dorsey International let some young woman take the reins?
It couldn't be! This woman didn't even look twenty-five. There was no way she could be the new President.
A sneer spread across his face as he reached out towards her. "You must know you can't escape today, so you're playing pretend as our boss, huh? Well, you miscalculated. Even if Dorsey International were desperate, they'd never let some green girl run the show. Ryan was the last person they sent, and he was from the Dorsey family. And you? Who do you think you are?"
Brielle's brows knitted together in disgust, swatting away his hand. "My name is Brielle. Before coming here, I was the Director of Mergers and Acquisitions at Dorsey International. I've facilitated dozens of acquisitions. So, you didn't even bother to find out whether the new appointee was a man or a woman?"
Keagan stiffened, quickly booting up his computer. When he saw the appointment letter, his. face drained of color, and his lips started to quiver.
Brielle had no time for his disbelief. "Set up the meeting. I want to meet each department head immediately."
Keagan stared at the computer screen as if he could bore a hole through it. No matter how many times he read it, it confirmed that a woman named Brielle was the incoming President.
His face turned oshen, his lips pursed tightly. Could this woman be some high-level executive's kept mistress from Dorsey International? With that thought, his gaze turned scornful toward Brielle. Was a mere lover acting high and mighty here? Once the others arrived, she'd leam who really had the power at Stellar Stage Entertainment! He snorted contemptuously and fired off an email to the other executives. Brielle surveyed the office layout, which seemed to suit her just fine, and her smile. broadened "Have someone disinfect everything in here. From now on, this is my office. And don't forget to change the nameplate on the door."
The nerve!
Keagan clenched his fists. "Even if you are the President, you have no right to take my office. I've been here for over a decade."
"Over a decade? Maybe it's time to retire and let the younger generation take over. Dorsey International is very disappointed with the company's performance. It seems you're no longer fit for the position, Mr. Keagan."
"You!"
Brielle stood tall. "You do realize, don't you? Any President sent by Dorsey International has veto power over everyone."
Keagan fell silent, a lump of frustration stuck in his chest, his lips trembling. After taking a deep breath, he conceded, "Understood, Ms. Haywood. I'll have someone clean up immediately."
Remembering Keagan's earlier antics with a woman in the office, Brielle frowned. "Make sure they disinfect every tile."
Keagan was livid. Once he figured out whose sugar baby Brielle was, he'd make sure to give that man a piece of his mind.
Fuming, he marched toward the door, casting an icy glance at Ricardo, who was still standing there. "I thought she was some talent you brought in, but it turns out she's the big shot you've latched onto. Just you wait!"
###Chapter 548
Chapter 548
Ricardo was still trying to wrap his head around what had just happened when the office door slammed shut with a bang, jolting him back to reality.
The new CEO? A woman, and so young? And stunningly beautiful at that.
His cheeks flushed with the thought, and he couldn't bring himself to look directly at Belle.
Spread out on Brielle's desk was a pile of files, all about the talent at Stellar Stage Entertainment. The deeper she dug, the more furrowed her brow became. So many talents. had been with the company for five or six years without landing a single gig or
even n sniffing paycheck. These weren't contracts; they were downright indentures.
She wasn't exactly versed in the ins and outs of showbiz, but she knew enough to understand that these aspiring artists needed exposure. Yet, all the opportunities were hogged by those willing to play by the higher-ups' rules, most of whom were coerced into compromising their dignity due to the oppressive contracts.
Massaging her temples, she suddenly remembered the young man standing at her door. "What's your name?"
Ricardo's face turned a deeper shade of red. At nineteen, being in the presence of such a stunning woman left him quite flustered. "Ricardo."
"An actor?"
"Yes."
"Been in any plays or films?"
Ricardo cast his eyes down, a shadow of disappointment flickering through them. "No."
Brielle quickly found Ricardo's file. He was barely nineteen, had signed with Stellar Stage since he was sixteen, and did not have a single role to his name. The thought made her blood boil.
She had heard the company was shady, but this was beyond anything she had imagined. There were others in their twenties who had been with the company for years with nothing to show for it. Taking a deep breath, she said, "I understand. I'll make sure things start to change around here. While I'm in charge, I'll see to it that we do better. I'll have finance increase the base salary for all talent. Let's say a minimum of seven thousand. If they're part of a TV series, they take home seventy percent of the earnings. I heard your sister's been unwell. How is she doing now?"
She didn't look up at Ricardo as she spoke. Instead, she focused on the contracts in her hands. After a minute of silence, Brielle glanced up, only to be taken aback. Ricardo was on the brink of tears, which soon began to cascade down his cheeks. Brielle had
seen men cry before Spencer's recent sobbing had been particularly unsettling, event annoying. But Ricardo was so young, so innocent-looking His tears were unexpectedly heart-wrenching. She remembered her own days of poverty, too poor to afford a proper meal, but at least she had Mark to help her out. Apart from his sister, this young man seemed to be entirely alone in
the world
Just then, a video call from Max came through, catching Brielle off guard-it was the first time she'd seen him initiate a video chat.
She quickly hit the answer button and saw Max, impeccably dressed as always, probably just out of a meeting. A hand, likely Patrick's, was tidying up documents beside him. He leaned back slightly, the sunlight streaming in from behind him.
Before Brielle could even compliment the scene, she heard the rapid footsteps of Ricardo approaching. He enveloped her in an unexpected hug. Caught off guard and unsure how to react to Ricardo's weeping embrace, she felt a strange maternal instinct kick in. Then she remembered Max was still on the line, and in a panic, she pushed Ricardo away.
The call had already ended. Brielle hurried to send a message explaining the situation, but Max beat her to it with a single, wry remark. [Looks like Ms. Haywood is having quite a time.] On the other end, Max had hung up the call, breathing heavily to keep from losing his composure. He had taken extra care with his appearance before the call, a novelty for him, even requiring some guidance from Patrick. He hadn't expected to witness such a scene.
The boy was young and full of life, and in a company like theirs, attractive young men were not in short supply. They were all too eager to throw themselves at her. She must've been hrilled.
The more
###Chapter 549
Chapter 549
ex thought about it. The more his mouth purkereri as if he had just bitten into a
handful of nour lemons
#took a Herculean effort not to swing by Stellar Stage Entertainment outside of work ours He closed his eyes and regulated his breathing in short, controtted bursts it's fine." he thought. He was still Brielle's favorite, even if her fondness wasn't exactly profound.
Patrick, observing Max's furrowed brow, couldn't help but interject. "Mr. Dorsey, Mr. Michael called. He said that Spencer's wedding is set for two days from now, but you can't bring Ms. Belle along. If you do, you may as well not attend yourself"
Michael's stance was crystal clear, he would not acknowledge Brielle as his daughter-in-law within the next six months. As for what happens after that, it would depend on Brielle's achievements. Currently, Brielle was tied up with the mess at Stellar Stage Entertainment. If she wanted to make a name for herself, she'd have to hustle, which meant spending even less time with Max. Max was a busy man, entangled in a web of commitments. Throw in the overseas. acquisitions, and he was bound to be even busier than before. Any slight misunderstanding could become a thom in their relationship. Max's eyes fluttered open. "Then I'm not going."
Patrick, surprised by Max's curt reply, paused before adding another piece of news. "Ms. Martha has been calling repeatedly, insisting you meet with her today, no matter what."
It was undoubtedly about Brielle again. For the first time, Max felt the gnawing irritation. known as annoyance. "Keep me updated on her condition," he said, signaling he had no intention of visiting. Patrick hesitated, then nodded slowly. "Alright."
After Patrick left, Max leaned back in his chair, his eyelids heavy with fatigue. He was well aware of his father's intentions: to exhaust him with pressure from all sides so that his feelings for Brielle would wane. To Michael, their affection seemed superficial, akin to a common cold that would vanish quietly without much intervention.
Did Max even understand what love was? He didn't know.
Michael knew his son better than anyone else. He had purposely thrown Brielle into the entertainment industry, a place teeming with handsome men, convinced that she would eventually be seduced by beauty and power. Even if she was faithful to Max now, what about the future?
With no clear vision of what lay ahead and faced with such a merciless reality, how much confidence could they possibly have?
Max rubbed his temples, then heard his office door open. Someone walked in without
knocking
"Mr. Dorsey." Sydney mimicked Brielle's tone deliberately, her voice calm and steady. "These are the documents you'll need for this afternoon." She placed them on the desk, her gaze lingering greedily on Max.
Max's expression darkened. "Out.
Sydney blanched, but her eyes still clung to him with a mixture of defiance and desire.
Max didn't even glance at her, his attention fixed on the papers. Sydney clenched her teeth. "Ms. Haywood stopped by the office this morning to wrap up her work. I thought Mr. Spencer would be returning, so I called him, but he didn't pick up. In my haste, I forgot to knock."
She kept her tone light, wearing a subtle fragrance that she hoped would appeal to him. The money she had siphoned from Spencer was enough for a comfortable life, but Alivia's arrival shattered all her pride. Money wasn't enough; power was essential. Someday, she would crush Alivia and her haughty demeanor.
She had to win over Max. He liked her type, didn't he? She could play the part. As long as Brielle stayed away from Dorsey International, Max's attention would eventually turn to her.
"I said, out." Max had no interest in deciphering her thoughts, unwilling to waste his time.
Sydney took a deep breath, her smile strained. "I'll leave right after I say this. I found something in Ms. Haywood's office, something I was going to toss, but then I thought I should bring it to you."
She pulled out a black rosary, her voice earnest. "I don't know if this belongs to Ms. Haywood or you, sir. The janitor almost threw it away, but luckily, I found it."
Max's pupils shrank, and his grip on the documents tightened..
###Chapter 550
Chapter 550
'this isn't your doing, I'm going to call Ms. Haywood to come back."
Max remained silent, his gaze fixed on the string of black beads as if in a trance. The gift he had given her with such gravity was casually tossed in the office drawer, forgotten eve as she walked away
His voice sunk, heavy with unspoken emotion. "Put it down, and leave."
Sydney caught the flicker of emotion in Max's stoic face, and her lips curved into a sly smile.
"By the way, when Ms. Haywood left today, she had a few words for me. She was the one who mentored me. She told me about Mr. Spencer becoming the new director, and that he would like the outfit I'm wearing now. There's been a lot of misunderstanding in the department about me, and people think I'm intentionally copying Ms. Haywood. But I'm not. I just wanted to catch Mr. Spencer's eye. Ms. Haywood is even willing to help me out. I'll have to come up to the executive floor regularly. I'm not sure how you feel about Ms. Haywood since she hit Mr. Spencer. I'm worried you might have some reservations about me as well, so I wanted to explain.
"Mr. Dorsey, I'll leave you now."
Her words were carefully crafted, leaving no room for doubt.
Max's focus remained on the rosary, his brows knitted with aggravation. Today was probably the worst day he'd had all year.
Once the office door closed behind her, Sydney took a deep breath. The triumphant grin on her face said it all she had succeeded. She ran her fingers through her hair and headed back to her department. Upon seeing the woman already waiting there, her smile faded, replaced by a look of genuine worry. "Ms. Alivia."
Alivia was seated in the director's chair, her eyes flickering with disdain as Sydney entered. "How did things go with the task I assigned you?"
Sydney loathed Alivia but was under her thumb.
"I repeated your instructions word for word, Ms. Alivia."
Alivia nodded. “Good job. But I advise you not to get any funny ideas. You know I can crush you as easily as stepping on an ant.”
Michael had already informed her that Brielle had been transferred to another company with chaotic management that would divide her attention. And if Brielle succeeded, that company would become part of Alivia's wedding gift. The thought of using Brielle's hard work as a wedding gift was indeed satisfying to Alivia.
Michael had hinted it was a good time for some subtle sabotage.
The humiliating memory of that night in the private room was clear in her mind; she couldn't
Спарти 500
afford another rash mistake. She needed to play it slow and steady.
Last night, she had sought out Spencer, convincing him to sneak into Brielle's home at Pearl Estate to steal the rosary, but for some reason, Spencer seemed utterly defeated, a shell of his former self.
Alivia had to expend a lot of energy to persuade him, and his current state was repulsive to her. Spencer reeked of smoke and alcohol. It was like he'd crawled out of a dumpster. His appearance was unkempt, his eyes murky, mumbling, "She won't come back, never will. Nothing matters anymore."
As a former ally, Alivia knew exactly what this meant. Spencer had lost his will to fight, and had given up any hope of winning Brielle back - a total waste, just as he had always been.
Disgust flashed in Alivia's eyes, but this 'waste' had done one useful thing he had managed to steal Brielle's rosary.
Just as Michael had said, how strong could their love possibly be? The seeds of doubt were sown, and neither was the type to clarify misunderstandings. Over time, this would lead to what psychologists call the 'broken windows theory. If one window broke and no one fixed it, soon enough, other windows would inexplicably shatter. One misunderstanding would. lead to another, and before you know it, when all windows would break, could they withstand the cold winds that blow through?
Brielle was someone who, when in love, was bold and unabashed, and when she hated, she was decisive and ruthless, unwilling to suffer fools gladly. On the other hand, Max was
suffer fools gl accustomed to action rather than explanation.
The smirk in Alivia's eyes deepened. She had to let Max find out that Brielle didn't value the rosary as he did. His treasure was trivial to her.
There would be many more such instances to come, and it remained to be seen how much Max could endure.
###Chapter 551
Chapter 551
Alivia's smile deepened with every thought that danced through her mind. She was done getting her own hands dirty dealing with Brielle. Why bother when she could manipulate others to do her dirty work as she had done with Tessa? She just had to sit back and reap the rewards
Take Sydney, for instance. She was nothing more than a pawn in her game. No matter how much rage or frustration bubbled within Sydney, without Max's heart in her grasp, she was merely clay in Alivia's hands.
Alivia's gaze skated over Sydney's face with undisguised contempt. "Keep looking at me with those eyes, and believe me, I can have someone gouge them out before you can even blink,"
she hissed.
Sydney shivered, fear creeping into her bones, and she quickly looked down. "Ms. Alivia, I've done as you asked. Can't you just let me be now?"
Alivia stood up, patting Sydney's cheek condescendingly. "Next time I tell you to jump, you ask, 'How high? Your little plans are transparent to me. This building is full of mirrors, Sydney. Take a long look at yourself. With that pitiful, sour expression, do you really think Max would spare you a second glance?"
The scorn in Alivia's eyes was impossible to miss. Sydney clenched her teeth so hard her gums ached, her eyes reddening with suppressed anger. But she was helpless, forced to watch Alivia strut away with her designer bag, leaving her to stew in her own turmoil.
Sydney's breathing was shaky as she swept the documents from her desk in a fit of rage. She had to stay calm. After all, getting Max to forget Brielle quickly was also in her best interest. Only then could she climb the ladder.
Upstairs, Max sat staring blankly at the black rosary beads on his desk, memories of Brielle wearing them flashing through his mind. He massaged his temples, the headache intensifying, and then his phone rang-it was Brielle.
The rosary lay beside the phone, a stark reminder that she hadn't taken it with her. He stood, reaching for the documents underneath, inadvertently sending the beads clattering to the floor. The sound of the phone and the beads mingled as he stooped to pick them up. wrapping them in a tissue.
After rescheduling all his meetings online, he headed straight back to the Premier Palace. Upon arrival, he handed the rosary to Wesley. "Sanitize it."
Sydney had touched it, and who knew who else had?
Wesley knew the significance of the beads. Aware of his boss' preference for cleanliness, he quickly took the wrapped item and sanitized it thoroughly before returning it.
Max then placed the rosary inside a box. He did not want to deal with the confrontation that would inevitably come from answering Brielle's call. Instead, he merely sent her a message.
15-17
[Focus on your work for now.]
Brielle received the text while sitting in a boardroom surrounded by the senior executives, many of whom had rushed in so hastily that their suits were wrinkled.
Already in a foul mood, Brielle's face darkened further at the sight. "The HR department will note the names of those absent and prepare their termination papers. I don't want to see them in this company again."
it was the first time so many employees were going to be dismissed at once, many of whom were deeply entrenched in the company. The HR head hesitated, knowing the implications.
Brielle fixed him with an icy stare, "What, we don't have replacements ready for such a large company? If not, perhaps HR should start recruiting online now?"
"Ms. Haywood," someone interjected, "letting them go so abruptly will impact the company."
Brielle's response was chilling as she tossed the document onto the marble table. "Oh really? Please enlighten me, does our company's performance have any room to fall further?"
The room fell silent, the intent behind Brielle's words clear as crystal. With no further room for decline, the fate of each employee rested solely on her current mood. After all, those seated around her held no shares, and the representatives sent by Dorsey International had
veto power.
Brielle's gaze swept across each face. "I have an excellent memory. Until we have new hires, I expect to see these same faces. I'm not interested in any excuses from those who failed to show up today. They've had their chance. They just didn't seize it. One more word out of line, and you can hand over your seat to them and take their place in leaving."
###Chapter 552
Chapter 552
When Michael first brought Brielle into the company, he surely didn't anticipate that she would have the guts to ruffle feathers the way she did.
As Belle made her stance clear, the room filled with tension so thick you could cut it with a knife. Everyone present was fuming, but no one dared to speak up.
Keagan felt like he was sitting on a bed of nails. Most of the people who hadn't shown up were at his own behest, a move meant to intimidate Brielle and put her in her place. But she wasn't playing by the rules, boldly considering firing a whole slew of them!
Did the higher-ups at Dorsey International have any inkling of her maverick moves? Damn it! Who in the upper echelons was she cozy with?
"You do realize, Ms. Haywood, that stirring the pot like this on your first day-especially firing so many-might not sit well with Dorsey International, right?" a voice dared to challenge.
A sly smile played on Brielle's lips as she thought of Max, still fuming. She would have to sweet-talk him later, but for now, she wanted to wrap things up quickly. "Why don't you go ahead and let Dorsey International know? Their switchboard number is plastered all over their website. Go on, make that call. See if anyone's interested in your sob story."
Her tone was casual as she stood up. "Also, hand over all artist contracts for my review. Those over the hill will get a golden handshake and be shown the door. As for the up-and-comers, the company will pull out all the stops to secure them a spot in showbiz. And the agents who've been collecting paychecks without booking a single gig for three years? Dead weight-I don't need them. Fire them all.” Her words sent a palpable chill through the room; her presence alone felt as heavy as Mount
Everest.
“And for those talents with potential, the company won't be stingy. If I catch wind of anyone cutting deals behind my back, I won't be soft-hearted." Pushing back her chair, her gaze swept over everyone present. “You have one day to get this done. Anyone who can't cut it-don't let the door hit you on the way out."
Her decisiveness was reminiscent of someone else-when Max first took the reins at Dorsey International, he cut the staff by half and slashed numerous product lines. It was a case of out with the old to make way for the new.
As Brielle stepped out of the office, she saw Ricardo waiting for her, his eyes gleaming with admiration and excitement. Brielle found it amusing. "You must have friends here. Go find out who's willing to stay and who's planning to leave. The company's about to land some resources, and we'll be investing them in those cut out for this industry."
"Ms. Haywood, I want you to mentor me," Ricardo blurted out, his head dropping, hands clasped nervously behind his back. The forthrightness of youth shone through.
Brielle was silent for a moment before responding, "I'll find you an agent. I've got company
15-17
Chapter 552
matters to sort out for a day or two. Once the dust settles and the deals are done, you'll probably be on set."
Ricardo's eyes fell in disappointment. Brielle patted him on the shoulder. "Act your heart out. Your sister needs you, doesn't she? Money flows fast in showbiz. Make your mark, and if you decide it's not for you, you're free to leave."
His eyes sparkled briefly before dimming again. "I'll work hard to be a cash cow here."
Brielle wasn't particularly moved. After all, she figured she'd only be running the show for six months. "Sure thing," she answered, dismissively pulling out her phone to call Max. As she dialed, she headed for the elevator.
Ricardo followed her, seeking a chance to be of service. "Ms. Haywood, let me escort your down."
"No need."
His newfound courage deflated like a punctured balloon as he stood still, glancing down at his patched jeans and faded jacket, his cheeks flushing red.
Brielle's call to Max went unanswered, and although she saw the text he sent, she could tell he was still angry. She was about to text back an explanation when Mason's call came through. "Brielle, we're about to scout locations and hold an internal online meeting with our team. Do you have access to a computer?" Mason asked.
Feeling drained but unable to ignore matters related to her own business, Brielle mustered her energy. "Yes, I'll head back to my office now."
"Great, I'll invite you to the meeting in ten minutes," Mason confirmed.
Returning to what used to be Keagan's office, Brielle found everything replaced. The sign on the door now read 'President's Office,' and even the computer was a brand-new setup. Despite its shortcomings, it seemed the company staff knew how to play to their audience.
###Chapter 553
Chapter 553
Brielle booted up her laptop, and within moments, she was drawn into the virtual conference
room
Mason made a brief introduction of himself before turning the spotlight on Brielle. "This is Brielle, the company's primary shareholder, and our silent partner"
Applause echoed through the digital space, a virtual gathering of the brightest minds from Wall Street and Silicon Valley. Typically, the financiers of Wall Street and the tech gurus of Silicon Valley didn't see eye to eye, but they had put aside their differences for this joint
venture.
Though weary, Brielle couldn't help but smile at the thought of these individuals potentially becoming the new elite. "Hello, everyone."
These were the early adopters who had followed Mason from the start. With Brielle's backing, the company had begun to turn a profit, its user base had doubled, and it had successfully gone public. The room was buzzing with excitement and unwavering loyalty.
Mason cleared his throat, signaling for some decorum. - after all, it was their first time meeting with the silent partner, and they should at least show some maturity.
The room fell silent as a city map appeared on the shared screen. Mason voiced his opinion first, followed by a cacophony of discussion, all waiting for Brielle to weigh in.
Brielle paused for a few seconds before asking, "Why not just in Silicon Valley?"
Like Wall Street, Silicon Valley was a paradise for investors and a hell for the uninitiated, the promised land for tech talent.
was global dominance, why. Most of the group hailed from Silicon Valley, and if the goal
was global dominance, why not establish the company at the heart of the tech world?
Brielle knew that land in Silicon Valley wasn't just worth its weight in gold but probably in diamonds. "I understand the concerns. Currently, we can't choose a central location in Silicon Valley. However, we can pick a spot close by with a view overlooking it. When the company survives a few more rounds of funding and reaches a valuation of a hundred billion, I promise you, we'll move to the tallest building at the center of Silicon Valley."
That first meeting with Brielle had the young entrepreneurs' blood pumping. No young person didn't dream of making it big in Silicon Valley, but their current means were well short. However, with such a promise from the silent partner, it seemed she knew exactly what they needed. They wanted to make a name for themselves in Silicon Valley, just as Max had once
done on Wall Street.
Mason, too, became animated, pointing to a specific location on the map. "I've visited this spot, and from there, you can see the expanse of Silicon Valley. You all know the Father of Silicon Valley, right? This is where he started out."
Gordon Moore, revered by today's generation as the Father of Silicon Valley, was one of the founders of its culture.
12
15:18
Chapter 553
Hearing this, Brielle had an idea of Mason's plan, which was shared by all the young people present. She tapped her fingertips lightly on the desk. "Speaking of Gordon Moore, you must also know Noyce and Grove. They were called the trio of Silicon Valley giants. In an interview, they once said a competent company needs a public face, a thinker, and a doer. I believe with Mason here, you'll be excellent doers and thinkers. As for the public face, I'll strive to fulfill that role. Let's work well together and live up to this era."
After the meeting, Mason sent her a message. [Not bad. You've adapted to the role quickly.]
Brielle chuckled, but thinking of Max, the taste of bitterness spread in her mouth.
[Book is going to take action against us. If there are important decisions to be made, we'll continue to meet like this online. Take care of your own matters.] Mason didn't pry into Brielle's personal life and gave her space.
Brielle replied with a single word, [Okay.]
After replying, she stared at the dark laptop screen, lost in thought. It was only her first day, and she was already entangled in so many issues that even finding the strength to explain things to Max felt daunting. She lightly massaged her temples before grabbing her car keys, planning to make a personal visit to Dorsey International.
As soon as she reached the lobby, she saw Ricardo being blocked by Keagan. Keagan must have said something provocative, as Ricardo threw a punch, and then Keagan was shouting about calling the cops.
Brielle's brow twitched in irritation as she strode over. "What's going on here?"
Seeing Brielle approach, Keagan's arrogant demeanor diminished, but he still sneered, "Just asking him to pay back his debt. He took out a high-interest loan with the company. It's
$300,000."
"Keagan, don't push me! I clearly borrowed only $10,000, and I've already paid back $100,000 in installments. What more do you want?!" Ricardo exclaimed.
Keagan threw down a promissory note. "You signed off on this interest rate yourself. What, thinking of backing out now? T
###Chapter 554
Chapter 554
Ricardo's confidence suddenly deflated, and Brielle, standing by with a frown creasing her brow. just wanted to hurry over to Max's place. Why was there always something blocking her path?
"How much is it?"
Keagan was taken aback and instinctively responded, "He owes a million now."
"A thousand in principal, and now you're asking him to pay back a million with compounded interest. Isn't that a bit heartless?"
"Ms. Haywood, he signed the contract himself."
Brielle stared at the document, clearly written in black and white, her expression growing cold. "Send me the account details. I'll transfer the money to you later. And stop giving him a hard time in the future." Keagan's gaze flitted between the two, noting Ricardo's reddening ears and Brielle's icy demeanor, and snickered, "Looks like you've taken a shine to him, Ms. Haywood."
Brielle turned her head and glanced at a bewildered Ricardo. "Next time, before signing anything, get a lawyer to look it over. Even if you can't find one, there's free legal advice.
online."
Ricardo understood that Brielle thought him foolish for always getting duped, and he nodded in agreement.
Brielle immediately transferred a million to Keagan, who walked away satisfied upon receiving the money. He even turned back to snap a few photos of them standing together, sending them to a certain number. The picture had an artistic flair to it. It was merely Brielle looking up and lecturing the younger Ricardo, but with the sunset outside the hall, the scene took on an ambiguous hue.
After sending the photo, a dark chuckle escaped Keagan's lips, and he said no more.
And soon enough, the photo landed on Max's phone. At that moment, Max was in a meeting in the study of Premier Palace. His expression darkened upon seeing the photo. He suspended the meeting, giving the attendees fifteen minutes to refine their wording, while he stepped out into the hallway to call Michael.
"Max."
"Father, such tactics are beneath your dignity."
Michael let out a soft chuckle, placing a white chess piece on the board in front of him. "But you're anxious, aren't you?"
Max didn't respond, and Michael's voice continued. "When Brielle was at Dorsey International, she saw you often and didn't have time for distractions. But showbiz is different, and it can
1/2
Top 4
corrupt the soul She's just a child raised in foster care. Who knows how much resentment she's built up over the years? When she sees someone who's been in her shoes, she can't help but offer a helping hand. The young man's got talent, I hear. Brielle just paid off a million for him. She's never been so generous with herself, but she's soft hearted to an
outsider."
Max gripped his phone tightly, a storm brewing in his gaze. "If these are the extent of your tactics, Father, I will be very disappointed."
"Of course, there's more to come. You'll see, Max. I've said before, you and Brielle won't make it You don't really trust her, and she's not that into you. Today, she's soft-hearted towards that boy, and tomorrow, she could be softer still. That boy is from her world, she doesn't have to worry about being unworthy or strain on her tiptoes to reach. It won't be exhausting for her."
Each of Michael's words was heavy, pressing on Max's chest. Max felt a pang of defeat, something he had never experienced in the business world.
Would Brielle really be tired of him? He never wanted her to tiptoe to reach him.
"Max, Jose and I are playing chess, so I won't keep you. This is just the first day. There will be many more incidents to come. As the heir to Dorsey International, the president no less, are you really going to fret over a woman? If you were with Alivia, you wouldn't be suffering like
this."
The old man's cunning was evident. Michael had successfully manipulated the psychology of a couple in love, with Alivia adding fuel to the fire for good measure.
After hanging up, Max asked Patrick, who was standing by, "Check Brielle's accounts."
Once the meeting was over half an hour later, Patrick came in with the report. "Sir, Ms. Brielle's account is indeed short of one million."
Max's fingers twitched. He thought he'd be angry, but he wasn't. There was no anger, no rage, just a faint sense of being slighted. It was like his heart had been bitten by a venomous creature, the toxin slowly injecting into his body, turning his limbs cold.
On the very first day, the very first day, Brielle had spent a million on a stranger.
She and Max had known each other for so long, and the scarf Brielle was knitting for him was still unfinished. Beyond that, there seemed to be nothing else.
The worst thing was the comparison.
He felt his heart completely numbed by the toxin, as if a hole had been torn open and cold winds were pouring in.
###Chapter 555
Chapter 555
The chill emanating from Max's presence intensified, and the throb in his head grew more severe. He couldn't help but wonder if it was the aftermath of that car crash Pyan had orchestrated, the one that left his brain marred with a stubborn contusion. At the moment, all he could focus on was the pain that seemed almost unbearable.
He tossed his phone aside, deciding to shut out the world and its barrage of information, craving nothing but a moment of brief respite.
"Patrick." He called out again, and Patrick, already alert to his boss' sour mood, hurried through the door.
"Sir?"
"Do we have any sleeping pills? Hand me one, will you?"
Patrick hesitated, a wave of memories bringing a bad taste to his mouth. "Right away, sir. Are you in pain?"
"Yeah, the doc mentioned the clot hasn't cleared. No clue how long it will take."
"Do you need me to get a doctor to check on you?"
"Later. I need to rest now."
With no choice but to comply, Patrick fetched the sleeping pill and a cup of warm water. Leaving his phone in the study, Max headed to the master bedroom and succumbed to sleep. Patrick waited outside, pondering for a moment before deciding to call Brielle.
At this time, Brielle had just left Stellar Stage Entertainment. Caught in the rush hour traffic, her car crawled to a halt at a red light when her phone rang, flashing an unfamiliar number. Frowning, she hesitated for a split second, truly not wanting to answer. After mentally bracing herself, she picked up to a woman's voice on the other end, one that carried the weight of years. "Ms. Brielle, hello. I'm the new director of Sunflower Children's Home. Today, a few children are set to be adopted, and the former director hoped you could come by personally."
Brielle's intuition was spot on; there was indeed a pile of issues waiting for her. She honked the horn impatiently, her brows knitting together deeply. "Ms. Brielle?"
Taking a deep breath to calm her nerves, she replied, "Alright, I'll be there shortly. Am I needed to sign off in the former director's stead?"
"Yes, he said you're the only one he truly trusts."
With that, Brielle took the next turn, heading toward the new location of Sunflower Children's
15:18
Chapter 555
Home.
Having been the one to see off Mark, she felt a responsibility to be there for the children at this moment. However, the timing of it all seemed too coincidental, as if the universe conspired to keep her from Max. Her phone had run out of battery and shut down, leaving her in that modern-day panic model that came with a dead cell. She hadn't even managed to send Max a soothing text. A mix of irritation and a strange sense of injustice began to bubble up within her.
On her way to the orphanage, she tried to compose herself, and it wasn't until she was greeted by the children's beaming faces that she felt somewhat at ease.
"Ms. Brielle." The new director welcomed her at the doorway, showing utmost respect. "These are the two kids who are getting adopted."
Brielle recognized a few familiar faces despite the change of address. The children saw her and cheerfully called out, "Brielle!"
"Brielle, it's been so long since you visited."
"Brielle, where did Mark go?"
She patiently answered their questions and assessed the two prospective families. Both appeared to be from stable, happy homes, and she confidently signed the paperwork.
As the families took the children away, the remaining kids bid their farewells, and Brielle couldn't help but remember her own adoption by the Haywood family amidst similar blessings. "It's him! He's here. Is he coming to see us?!"
"Yay!"
The children's excitement reignited as they dashed toward a young man stepping out of a
taxi.
Ricardo, too, seemed surprised to find her there, his eyes lighting up with delight. "Ms. Haywood."
Brielle forced a smile. "What brings you here?"
Ricardo's face flushed with embarrassment, "I and my sister were adopted from this place. After you sorted out the company's finances today, they paid me the back wages they owed. I wanted to come and see the kids."
What were the odds?
He had brought along a myriad of gifts, bags brimming with goods. Brielle was about to leave but now felt compelled to help him. Ricardo was flustered by the offer. "Ms. Haywood, please, I can manage "I was also adopted from this place."
15:18
Chapter 555
Her voice was flat, but Ricardo's eyes widened in surprise, and he no longer resisted. "Ms. Haywood, you look so young, nothing like..." Nothing like him, still exuding a whiff of poverty. Once released, three years' worth of wages amounted to a significant sum. Ricardo had spared no expense on food, clothing, and toys for the kids.
And so, their act of kindness was captured in photos.
###Chapter 556
Chapter 556
Brielle greeted Ricardo and they stood amidst a gaggle of giggling children, with smiles. plastered on their faces. Later, they moved and unpacked items together. All those photographe landed on Max's phone.
Max was out like a light, the sleeping pill having taken quick effect. Even in slumber, a "light frown creased his forehead.
Exhausted from helping unpack, Brielle could barely lift a finger. She hadn't eaten since noon and was now sprawled on the couch, panting with her eyes closed, devoid of any energy. Driving back to Premier Palace was out of the question at this point; she couldn't even muster the strength to stand up. She leaned back and succumbed to sleep right there on the
couch
Ricardo glanced at the still-excited children, now playing with their new toys, and placed a finger to his lips in a hushing gesture. The children immediately caught on and quieted down
"Will Brielle catch a cold sleeping like that?"
"Ricardo, why don't you give her your jacket?"
Instead of undressing, Ricardo found a soft throw blanket and draped it over Brielle. It was as if cameras were always lurking around them, ready to snapshot any closeness between the two and send the images at lightning speed to Max. The innocent act of Ricardo covering Brielle with the blanket while she was oblivious in her exhaustion seemed sweet and tender
to an outsider.
In her dreams, Brielle knitted a scarf snug in Max's embrace during the holidays while he read her poems by Borges, word by word. The corners of her lips curled into a smile as she shifted to a more comfortable position in his arms.
When Max woke up, it was eight in the evening, and Brielle hadn't returned. She had said she'd come home every night, even if she visited the company branch, instead of renting a place nearby. Rubbing the center of his brow, Max was alerted by Patrick's voice at the door. "Mr. Dorsey. are you awake? There's an emergency meeting needed for the international acquisition
case."
After freshening up and donning a suit, Max opened the door.
In his study, he saw his phone flooded with new pictures. With each swipe, his expression turned icier. In the last image, was Ricardo covering Brielle with the blanket. Max's knuckles whitened, and the phone was hurled against the wall, shattering into pieces.
The air turned heavy, bitingly cold.
Michael's tactics, though unbecoming of his status, were devastatingly effective.
Chapter 556
Standing behind his boss, Patrick witnessed Max's fury for the first time. He'd seen the photo, too, and besides being incredulous, he was stunned. Ms. Brielle rarely let a man get that close. No wonder Max was livid
He wanted to ask if the meeting was still on, but seeing Max's dark mood, he tried to make himself as inconspicuous as possible.
Max's lips pressed together, his voice icy, "Patrick, call her."
Patrick's head hung even lower. "I've tried Ms. Brielle's phone, sir, but it's turned off."
Panic struck Max's heart like an arrow, even bordering on terror. Could Brielle actually be falling for someone else?
He had known her for so long, yet she had never taken him to the orphanage, but now she had taken someone else.
Was it because they were from the same world? Was he worried that his presence would pressure the kids? Either reason was unbearable.
His breath turned hot as he lowered his gaze, a storm brewing in his eyes.
In the past, he would have worried if something had happened to Brielle, if someone had set up those photos deliberately. However, the laughter in her eyes couldn't lie-it was a long-lost sense of ease and contentment.
With him, she was always under pressure. Everyone was pushing her to reach higher, as if slowing down meant she wasn't worthy of him. So, she was always alert and composed. She had just spent one day with that young man, paid off his million-dollar debt, and taken him to the orphanage.
Max had every reason to be jealous.
###Chapter 557
Chapter 557
"Mr Dorsey, don't worry. Ms. Brielle is bound to come back tonight. Patrick's statement hung in the air as he fell silent, fully aware of how Michael's tactics went straight for the jugular.
Indeed, Michael was the one who knew Max best, and thus, he knew exactly how to twist the knife to make it hurt the most. And Ms. Brielle wasn't answering her phone, leaving everyone clueless about what was going on with her.
"Yeah." Max's tone was indifferent as he opened his laptop, seemingly having gotten his emotions under control.
Patrick had the housekeeper sweep up the fragments of the broken phone and equipped
Max with a new one.
The overseas acquisition had drained a lot of manpower and resources, and after a heavy initial promotional push, it required Max's personal touch on many decisions. He couldn't afford to drop the ball now, not with the hard work of several branches on the line for the past six months.
After pinpointing several issues and reviewing the report one last time to ensure there were no mistakes, he declared the meeting adjourned.
The meeting had stretched on for two hours. Later, Max left his study to sit on the sofa in the ground floor living room, quietly waiting for Brielle's return.
First, it was the rosary, then the million-dollar issue, followed by her trip to the orphanage with someone else. Max wondered which issue Brielle would tackle first when she explained herself.
As long as she explained, he couldn't bear to be angry with her. He had never wanted to be angry with her.
Brielle woke up on the orphanage's sofa to see that it was already eleven o'clock. She was suddenly anxious and quickly stood up..
The kids had all gone to bed, and Ricardo was playing with his phone on another sofa, seemingly busy texting someone. When he saw her wake up, he put his phone away. "Ms. Haywood, you're up? Are you hungry?"
Brielle did feel hungry. She had been both tired and hungry before falling asleep. She was no longer tired, but her stomach was painfully empty. "Ricardo, why haven't you gone home yet?" "I was worried about you. So I thought I'd wait until you were awake before leaving."
Brielle, usually oblivious to others' feelings, didn't think much of this nineteen-year-old boy's concern for her. She got to her feet and saw that he had somehow produced a bowl of oatmeal. "Ms. Haywood, have this before you go."
"No, it's too late. I need to get back, and someone's waiting for me at home."
at pad the Pud down and followed her can "Abight. Til walk you for
Streethe didnt really does an esppit, but it was hard to refuse the gesture (ince she was in her
she saw Ricando standing by waiting for a nah But at this hour, finding a taxt near the piphanage was a fost comes the didnt know how long he would wait there alone,
As fidelle qhove away, she said flatly. Til drop you off where there are more people so you can get a cab back. Sorry, I really have an emergency tonight. Someone's waiting for me at home
"Mi Haywood I don't need a ride. If someone's waiting for you, then you should get going"
Ricardo's gaze was clear and innocent. Brielle, rubbing her temples, relented, "Get in"
He couldn't refuse and got into the car. When they reached a bustling crossroads, he spoke up. "Ms. Haywood, you can drop me off here."
Bielle pulled over and advised him, "The company will negotiate with production crews soon. Your new agent will handle it, so remember to keep fit and, now that you have a salary, get yourself some proper clothes. You'll need to meet some directors soon."
"Got it, thanks."
Without further conversation, Brielle drove straight to Premier Palace. Her phone was beside
her but had been off for a while.
Halfway there, her stomach pain became unbearable, and her vision blurred with hunger. She pulled over, clutching her abdomen tightly.
Once the cramping eased, she drove the rest of the way to Premier Palace. When she got out of the car, her fingers trembled, and a fine sweat broke out on her forehead. She felt. nauseous but couldn't vomit because her stomach was empty.
She stood still for a moment, then slowly made her way inside. Premier Palace was quiet, the holiday decorations still up, except for the fairy lights that had been taken down.
Brielle chuckled, unlocking the door. Inside, the great hall was dark and silent.
Had Max gone to bed already?
###Chapter 558
Chapter 558
She frowned as she flicked on the living room lights, her eyes settling on the silent figure lounging on the couch. An inexplicable twitch pinched at the center of her brows.
"Max?"
Her voice camed across the room as she stepped out of her shoes at the entranceway and slowly approached. She was wearing her favorite pair of white slippers today, while Max's feet were adomed with his usual black ones.
With each step, Brielle felt the gnawing pain in her stomach grow more unbearable. Yet, she could sense the minutiae of emotions radiating from Max even the ends of his hair seemed to broadcast a message: he was sulking.
She had told herself during the company meeting earlier that day that she wanted to be the face of the operation - the idea person, the talker, the one who wasn't afraid to network.
A relationship, she mused, was akin to starting a business together. Max was the hands-on type, accustomed to working and giving in silence. He hadn't believed in affection at first, but now that he did, he was at a loss about how to salvage or deepen it. He was always one to act more than speak, his negative emotions something he preferred to digest alone.
In this partnership, Brielle still wanted to be the outward-facing one. If issues weren't immediately addressed, they festered into knots in Max's mind. Perhaps his fondness for her could overlook these knots, but if a bigger storm erupted one day, those knots would spread and strangle them both.
Brielle sat down beside him and tentatively reached for his hand. Max pursed his lips, his anger still present, but he didn't pull away. He knew well enough that there was nothing between Brielle and that young man, and that it was all his father's manipulation, but if one were to remain utterly rational in matters of the heart, it couldn't truly be love.
Logically, he trusted Brielle, but emotionally, he needed to wallow in his jealousy.
As she took his hand, she began to explain. "That young man was Ricardo, and Stellar Stage Entertainment has been exploiting him. They've only paid him about ten grand over three years. I had Finance increase his base salary, and he probably got a bit too emotional. He's just a teenager; he couldn't control himself, really. I pushed him away immediately."
Max's dark eyes lightened slightly with relief, but the thought of that rosary, the million-dollar transaction, and their last photo together at the orphanage were too glaring to ignore. Her soft spot for Ricardo, borne out of shared experiences, was undeniable. Even her smile was too sharp, so sharp it caused him discomfort. And then there was the issue of her late return. If he forgave her too easily this time, would she take it as a license to stay out all night next time?
"A woman mustn't be spoiled," Andrew had said.
Chapter 558
This time. Max resolved to teach Brielle a lesson, and he pulled his hand away with a cool,
Get some rest."
His tone was indifferent, Inced with a chill that sent a shudder through Brielle. She couldrit help but follow him, although Max didn't look back at her. However, he smiled slightly when he caught a glimpse of her trailing behind him.
Brielle's stomach was in knots, the pain almost unbearable now, but she knew how to handle
Max.
Persistence was key. Max was the type who could be worn down by a persistent partner, They needed to clear the air first, then slowly unravel the misunderstandings.
Max headed to the study, intending to work overtime, and Brielle, despite her agony, followed close on his heels. Even when Max went to the master bedroom to retrieve a forgotten document, Brielle was right behind him.
Realizing she still cared, Max's tone softened considerably. "Aren't you going to sleep?"
Brielle's face was pale, and her voice strained as if the next word would be accompanied by the torment of her stomach pain. Her fingertips trembled uncontrollably.
She leaned closer to Max, resting her forehead against his back in a muffled voice. "My stomach hurts. How can I sleep? If you ignore me any longer, I might just pass out, and then you'll be sorry."
Max felt a jolt in his heart, almost dropping the documents in his hand. Then he remembered the last time he was upset, and she had used the same excuse to reconcile. He felt something like disappointment. It seemed as if she didn't realize she had done anything
wrong.
urge
He took a deep breath, fighting the to forgive her, determined to make her recognize her
mistake.
She came home so late, turned off her phone, used the same excuse as before, and visited the orphanage with someone else. He hadn't even been there himself, despite the fact that he had helped secure the land for the orphanage, owing a favor to the Hatfield family. Why should an outsider benefit from his efforts?
###Chapter 559
Chapter 559
He grabbed the paperwork and turned to leave the master bedroom.
Brielle's arms wrapped around his waist. "I really have a stomachache."
"Brielle, enough." Max shrugged off her hands, deliberately avoiding her gaze, knowing that one look would make him go soft. "You tried this same trick last time." With that, he walked straight out of the bedroom.
Brielle wanted to follow, but a stabbing pain in her stomach anchored her to the spot. She quickly crouched down, beads of sweat forming on her forehead.
It wasn't that she blamed Max. If she put herself in Max's shoes and had seen Max hugging someone in a video, then going offline and returning home so late, she'd be livid, too. Trust was one thing, but in matters of the heart, even saints could be petty. If Max didn't fuss over it, she would actually worry that he didn't care enough about her.
Brielle sighed, torn between thinking he was being ridiculous and acknowledging the genuine pain in her stomach.
Oh, the irony. Was this her own "boy who cried wolf" moment?
She didn't have the strength to chase after him anymore, feeling like she might pass out at any moment. She buried her head in her knees and curled up by the side of the bed, trying to ease the agony. Love, oh, what an affliction it was, like a bitter, rusty needle. One slip, one prick, and it was unbearable.
She couldn't help but sniffle, pushing back the heat of impending tears. The position only made her urge to cry more pronounced, so she slowly lifted her head from her knees, trying to look at the ceiling. Her gaze fell on the figure standing less than a meter away. Max was there, with a warm glass of water in one hand and antacids in the other.
The tears she had been holding back now surged forth. She hadn't wanted to cry. It was like a child who fell; if no one was around, they could brush themselves off and get up, but the moment someone offered comfort, it was as though the sky was falling, and the pain became unbearable. In the end, it was just human nature.
Max glanced at her, then crouched down, his voice softening completely. "Take the medicine first."
Brielle's crying was heart-wrenching. She wasn't sobbing loudly but biting her lip as tears silently fell.
Max cupped her chin, momentarily at a loss. He even forgot about a handkerchief and just awkwardly used his suit sleeve to dab at her tears, creating damp streaks on the dark, smooth fabric.
1/2
15:55
Chapter 559
He forced a few pills into her mouth and brought the glass to her lips. Brielle glanced at him, then, with a hint of defiance, crunched the antacids and swallowed them dry,
Max's expression darkened. "Aren't them bitter?"
"My heart's more bitter than this. Now you're worried?"
His grip on the glass tightened, then relaxed as he offered a truce. "Have some water."
Brielle finally took the glass, washing away the bitterness in her mouth, Handing back the glass, she seized the opportunity to make a request. "I want to eat."
Max resignedly took the glass. "I've asked the kitchen to prepare something."
He hadn't intended to leave but had gone to get her medicine and give orders for a meal. Brielle's tears kept streaming after realizing this.
From morning to night, she was swamped with obligations that kept her from returning home. She didn't want to deal with any of it, but it was her responsibility, and she had to see it through.
It was her fault for being so tired she fell asleep at the orphanage, but at the time, she couldn't even move her fingers.
Max put down the glass and lifted her in his arms, removing her coat and placing her on the bed. "How did you get a stomachache without eating?"
Brielle felt a twinge of guilt. She'd had a busy morning with back-to-back meetings at Stellar Stage Entertainment and then reviewing new company policies before tackling her own company's agenda. There had been no time for food.
Seeing her evasive look, Max's anger flared, and he stood up, ready to storm out.
###Chapter 560
Chapter 560
Brielle clutched at her stomach, wincing. "Ugh, it hurts. Don't mind me, just go."
Max's body tensed, a mix of frustration and helplessness washing over him. He closed his eyes, taking a moment to quell the anger, before resuming his seat at the edge of her bed. His hand reached out, resting gently on her abdomen, and he started to rub softly. "Does this help a
bit?"
Brielle, whose spirits had already lifted, wasn't in as much discomfort as she let on. She had exaggerated a bit for effect, but now she quickly seized the chance to praise him. "So much better. You're more useful than a doctor."
She sneaked a glance at his face, noting the stormy expression hadn't quite cleared, and pressed on. "Max, you're such a sweetheart. I thought you'd left, but you were actually getting medicine for me. You're so good to me. I'll work hard, and when I'm richer than you, I'll take care of you. All the money will be yours-I'll keep just enough for my expenses."
Max's hand paused, a flicker of reaction in his eyes. Brielle hadn't realized it, but she had inadvertently addressed the issue of the million dollars. She'd only set aside a million for others, but for him, she was willing to leave almost everything. Max's expression softened noticeably. He found her flattery quite charming.
Brielle kept a covert watch on his face, and seeing the dark cloud lift, she breathed easier and shifted slightly, pushing her luck a bit. "And my back, could you...?"
His fingers trailed to her lower back, sending a shiver through her. Lying there, she looked up at his face, her lips curving into a smile. "Still mad at me?"
Max looked down, his hands gentle despite his stubborn tone.
"You saw some marks on me and acted like the sky was falling. But when someone else holds you, I'm not supposed to be mad? Brielle, don't be so hypocritical." Brielle reached out from under the covers, tugging at his suit sleeve. "It's my fault. I didn't expect him to pounce. I'll be more alert next time."
The issues with the orphanage and that rosary still stung like a thorn in Max's heart.
Brielle placed her hand over his, their fingers interlocking. "No one compares to you."
It sounded like something a player would say. Yet, these simple words pleased him. He suppressed the faint bitterness in his heart, his gaze detached. "The scarf."
He'd been promised a scarf for Christmas, and it was still only half-done.
Realizing what he meant, Brielle scrambled to get out of bed. "I'll knit it now. Even if it kills me, I'll finish your scarf. Max, you better not stop me."
Amusement flickered in Max's eyes, and he decided not to dwell on the matter. He wrapped an arm around her waist, gently pushing her back onto the bed. "Rest if you're in pain. No need to
1/2
15:55
Chapter 560
fuss right now."
Brielle glanced at his face again, reassured by the smile in his eyes, and settled back comfortably. "Once I'm better, knitting that scarf will be my top priority."
When Brielle wanted to charm someone, she was effortlessly effective. Max didn't want to admit how easily he was manipulated by her simple stratagems.
There was a knock at the door, and Wesley came in with a tray of chicken soup and oatmeal. "Ms. Brielle, are you feeling any better? We saved some dinner for you, and it's been kept warm. Mr. Dorsey didn't eat either. He was waiting for you."
Brielle felt a pang of guilt. "Wesley, I'm sorry for the trouble. I've kept you all up to cook so late." Wesley set the tray down on a nearby cabinet, his tone deeply meaningful. "You still should've called, you know. Mr. Dorsey's stomach isn't great either; if he keeps this up, he'll have an attack himself."
"I'm sorry, my phone died on me. Right after the call from the orphanage, it just went off."
Knowing Max hadn't eaten either, Brielle felt even more concerned. She propped herself up and began to stir the oatmeal. "Let's eat together."
Max shook his head. "I'm already full from anger."
###Chapter 561
Chapter 561
Brielle quickly spooned a mouthful of warm oatmeal to him, "Mr. Dorsey, you're really kind. I swear I won't do it again. No matter how busy I am, I'll make sure to call and update you on my whereabouts. Come on, eat up please."
Max had always known there was a cheeky streak in Brielle-how else could she have ended up straddling his hips that first time they got together, daring to kiss him even after he woke up?
But to the outside world, she was the epitome of cool poise, only ever letting her guard down with him.
Only for him. He was special.
With that thought, the last bit of his broodiness vanished. He took the bowl of oatmeal and spoon from her, bringing it to her lips instead, "Thought you had a stomachache? You eat first." Brielle was truly famished and felt the acid in her stomach, so she didn't put up a fight. She quickly ate half the bowl and followed it with the bowl of soup, finally feeling some warmth in her belly.
Seeing her color improve, Max breathed a sigh of relief. When he'd come back and found her sitting alone on the floor, it had pained him like a needle to the heart.
He took his time eating a modest portion of the oatmeal until he felt a slight fullness in his stomach, then had the dishes cleared away.
Wesley, noticing Max's mood had lightened from the evening's gloom, let out a sigh of relief. Now, everyone could sleep peacefully.
After resting on the bed for half an hour and feeling no more discomfort in her stomach, Brielle pulled Max towards the bathroom to freshen up. Once she was clean and back in bed, she had intended to do something more to cheer him up, but she was simply too exhausted. The few hours of sleep at the orphanage were not enough to erase the weariness from her body.
As soon as her head hit the pillow and she caught Max's scent, her eyelids started to droop, and she couldn't resist wrapping her arms around his waist. "Max, I'm off to sleep," she murmured, her voice heavy with tiredness.
"Mmm," Max hummed, picking up a folder of acquisition documents to continue reading.
The room was quiet, save for the soft sound of his fingers flipping through papers, and the dim light of the bedside lamp was the only illumination. Just as Max was about to turn the page, he felt a movement beside him, followed by a kiss on his lips.
"I'm really off to sleep now."
A smile curled on his lips, suppressing the deep laughter in his eyes, "Sleep well."
Content that he was appeased, Brielle drifted off into a satisfied slumber.
15:55
Chapter 561
Meanwhile, at the Rowland family estate, Tessa lay in bed coughing while Alivia handed her a tissue. "How did you get like this in just a few days?"
Alivia knew the reason behind Tessa's condition: a recent fall into the water and a fainting spell due to online backlash. Her generally fragile health had just begun to improve this year, only to relapse dramatically.
A flicker of hatred passed through Tessa's eyes. In her dreams, she replayed the humiliating scene of her fumbling at the piano, an embarrassment she had never before experienced, now festering in her heart. "It's all because of that bitch! If it weren't for her, I wouldn't be in this
state."
Alivia's lips curved slightly. She could have continued to manipulate Spencer, but he had completely lost his fighting spirit, becoming a useless pawn. Sydney was unreliable, whose cunning wasn't deep enough and whose methods weren't ruthless enough. Tessa was now her primary chess piece.
As for Martha, she was Alivia's last resort, not to be used unless absolutely necessary.
"Tessa, you need to relax. Brielle's days of glory won't last long."
Tessa coughed violently, unable to stand even the mention of Brielle's name-just hearing it made her feel like her chest was on fire. "Alivia, I have this feeling that Max might be serious about her. You've heard, haven't you? Brielle's now taken over another company and is thriving."
Alivia's face was the picture of gentleness as she patted Tessa's back soothingly. "Her dream of elevating her company won't be so easy. My brother's in showbiz, and he knows all the top directors. If Brielle wants access to resources, it'll have to be through my approval."
###Chapter 562
Chapter 562
Alivia had connections that seemed to reach into every corner of the glittering world of Hollywood. Her brother, Kenzo, was the hottest screenwriter of the past few years, having penned scripts that were practically worth their weight in gold, Nearly every big-name director in the industry had sought his collaboration, making the Barnes family a force to be reckoned with in the entertainment circles. Naturally, that extensive network of contacts spilled into Alivia's lap.
Brielle, an orphan with no resources to speak of, managed to get a little bit of favor from May, but what else could she hope for?
Alivia's eyes were filled with disdain as she said, "I won't let those famous directors work with her. Consider it me getting back at her for you."
Her words sounded sweet but were self-serving at their core,
Tessa's expression remained sour. This was far from enough for her. She wanted to see Brielle trampled into the mud, wanted to plerce her heart so deeply that she'd wish for death. "Alivia, what can I do to make her suffer?" Tessa asked, her voice heavy with malice.
Alivia patted her back soothingly while her words wove a web of temptation. "Remember what I told you last time? If you can't beat Brielle directly, then hit her through someone else. Aubree is the perfect target. If something happened to her, Brielle would be devastated. She wouldn't be able to live in peace, ever. And you, my dear, can easily manipulate Aubree, can't you?"
A cold smirk appeared on Tessa's face, her hand balling into a fist at her side. "Since my health started declining, Andrew has stayed at the Rowland mansion and hasn't gone back. Aubree must be feeling the strain by now. You're right. I'll start by targeting Aubree. That will hurt Brielle the most, and Andrew won't do anything to me for it. After all, he and Aubree deserve what's coming!"
Inside, Alivia laughed triumphantly. Exactly, that was the plan. Brielle's remaining friends would suffer because of her, and then what time would she have left to whisper sweet nothings with Max? "Take care of yourself first, your health is important," Alivia cooed.
"How can I relax? The gossip in the group chats, the insults flying on the internet - I can barely step outside my door! I've never been this humiliated. Everything I've endured, Brielle will experience it too!" Tessa began to cough violently, nearly hacking up blood. Alivia quickly summoned the doctor, and the Rowland mansion was thrown into disarray.
After examining Tessa, the doctor advised, "Ms. Tessa, you mustn't get worked up. Your emotional state is delicate; you need rest."
Tessa gripped her fists tightly, staring at the ceiling with bitter resentment.
1/2
10:55
Chapter 2
Austin sighed wearily, and Jaxon furrowed his brows in concern. They all knew this mess was Brielle's doing, and not a soul in the Rowland family had a shred of affection for her. They were all waiting for her to break up with Max so they could openly confront her. Without Max, she would be nothing.
Austin held Tessa's hand. "Calm down. Tessa. Brielle will get her comeuppance in time."
Tessa took a deep breath, trying to compose herself, then asked, "Dad, where's Andrew?"
"He stepped out for a smoke when Alivia arrived. He's been up all night worrying about you, Don't make us worry, too."
Tessa felt slightly better, exchanging a knowing look with Alivia. She understood what she needed to do. To strike at Brielle's heart, she had to trample Aubree first.
A twisted smile formed on her lips. "I'm feeling better. Call Andrew in and have someone escort Alivia home. It's late, and there's no need for her to worry about me anymore. I want to talk to Andrew alone." Austin sighed, then patted Tessa's head. "Alright. I'll call him in."
When Andrew entered the room, it was empty of everyone else. He himself had spent a day in the clinic after another fight with Max. His waist and legs were still marked with bruises. "How are you feeling. Tessa?"
Seeing him, tears streamed down her face instantly. "Andrew, am I going to die soon? It hurts so much, every single day."
Andrew's brow furrowed as he pulled her close. "Just rest, it'll be okay."
She nestled into his embrace, her voice tinged with concern. "You've been away from home for so long. Won't the Clements family wonder?"
Andrew's mind flashed with Aubree's image, his Adam's apple bobbing. Was it the longing from being apart that made his blood boil at the thought of her?
"They know I'm here with you. Everyone's worried about you."
"I'm sorry for taking up so much of your time. But I only feel safe when you're here. Andrew, will
you stay with me tonight?"
Chapter 563
###Chapter 563
Chapter 563
Andrew's body tensed up. This was the moment he'd been anticipating for so long. He and Tessa had known each other for years but had never shared a bed.
He was a man, after all, with desires-strong ones at that. If he lay beside Tessa, there was no telling what might happen. Tessa, though, was frail, and the doctors had warned him that in matters of physical intimacy, he couldn't just have his way.
He was aware of his own vigor. Sometimes, even Aubree would struggle to keep up and occasionally snap at him with a slap. Tessa was far more delicate.
He stood up and pointed to the couch beside them.
"I'll crash on the couch," he said.
Tessa, mindful of her own fragility and not wanting to overexert herself to the point of passing out-which would only benefit others-nodded in agreement.
In the middle of the night, Andrew awoke feeling like he was burning up, probably because he had thought of Aubree before bed. Now, he was missing her. He got up, stepped out onto the balcony, lit a cigarette, and started smoking as he gazed at the dimly lit surroundings.
By the time he finished his cigarette, his restlessness had subsided somewhat. What was Aubree doing right now? She hadn't called him lately. His Adam's apple bobbed as he closed his eyes, the corners tinged with a crimson hue as if poisoned by some exotic flower.
Suddenly, a pair of arms wrapped around his waist from behind. Tessa embraced him from the back. "Can't sleep, Andrew? Are you thinking of someone else?" she asked.
Andrew stiffened, only then realizing the cigarette was nearly burning his fingers. He was indeed thinking of Aubree, but he would never admit it. Aubree was just a comfort for his lonely body, never meant to consume more of his time.
Tessa's hands slipped under his shirt, resting against his solid chest. "Is it because you can't get used to sharing a
room with me?" she queried, her voice tinged with a mix of curiosity and slight hurt.
Was it so unbearable for him to share a room with her when he had always slept in Aubree's bed before? That bitch!
"It's just insomnia; it happens to me sometimes," he offered as an explanation.
Tessa wanted to ask if he ever had insomnia when he was in Aubree's bed, but posing such a question seemed too cheap. It was one thing to know and quite another to confront it.
"I guess taking care of me these past days has worn you out. I'm sorry, and I do hope to get better soon." Tessa always presented herself with grace in front of Andrew. It was this demeanor that convinced Andrew she wouldn't stir trouble intentionally, which is why he believed her fall into the water was due to Brielle, leading him to punch Max.
1/2
10:55
Chapter 563
"Andrew, your mom called me a few days ago, talking about Aubree. She mentioned they're considering finding her a match, to get her married off. What do you think?" Her gaze fastened onto Andrew, a hint of urgency beneath her steady stare. She had a hunch that Andrew felt something special for Aubree, maybe more than just seeing her as a bed partner. Women had their intuitions about these things, and she needed clarity for her peace of mind.
Andrew's expression darkened instantly, a shadow falling across his features that seemed almost instinctual, as if something within had been crushed. His entire being was exuding a destructive aura. "Did my mom say that herself?"
Tessa's heart skipped a beat, her unease growing. "Yes, she said Aubree's at the right age, and with so many eligible bachelors in Beaconsfield, it shouldn't be hard to find someone of equal social standing for a girl with her looks."
"I won't agree to it." The words came out without thought. By the time Andrew realized what he'd said, it was already too late.
Chapter 564
###Chapter 564
Chapter 564
Andrew couldn't fathom why he disagreed. Perhaps it was just the thought of Aubree getting married, and giving another man those looks she had given him. It made him feel unbearable.
Tessa's heart sank completely. Just then, Andrew's phone started ringing. She beat him to it, noticing that the caller was Aubree.
What a dramatic scene it was. One woman with whom he'd shared passionate nights; the other, someone he'd promised to look after for life. On this strange night, they were suddenly brought together. Tessa hit the answer button, and a strange man's voice came through. "Hello, is this Aubree's brother? She's had a bit too much to drink. Could you come pick her up?"
In this
A sneer crossed Tessa's eyes. "Why don't you send the address to another friend on her phone, named Brielle? She'll come get her."
"Alright, I won't disturb you further."
After ending the call, Tessa managed a smile, holding her emotions in check. "Aubree's plastered. You're not thinking of going now, are you? I've already had the bartender contact Brielle. Andrew, tomorrow's your birthday. Are you planning to stay here or go celebrate with someone else?"
Andrew's Adam's apple bobbed, a flicker of guilt for an inexplicable moment of hesitation. "I'LL spend it out with you to ensure you're well. Didn't you love that clam chowder at that restaurant? I'll book it just for us, just the two of us.'
11
Tessa breathed a sigh of relief. In the past, Andrew had only spent his birthdays with her. Maybe he didn't really like Aubree, and that was fine. Her lips curved into a small smile. "Yeah, I knew it. You still like me best."
Andrew didn't speak; he just held her and gently patted her back.
When Brielle's phone rang, she was already half-asleep, clinging tighter to Max. She heard the ring, rubbed her eyes, and saw Max taking her phone and talking to the person on the other end. "Yeah, I got it. Someone will be there to pick her up."
After hanging up, Max met Brielle's gaze.
"Who was that?"
"Someone from the bar is calling to say Aubree's drunk at Tequila Sunset. Don't worry, the staff there are responsible."
At that, Brielle perked up. "How did she end up drunk?"
Max glanced at the clock on the wall. "It's past midnight. Today's Andrew's birthday, but Tessa's been unwell lately. I guess he hasn't been around much."
1/2
10:55
Brielle felt a mix of annoyance and concern for Aubree, so she reluctantly got up and started dressing. "I'm going to check on her."
Max followed suit, and as Brielle watched him dress, warmth flooded her heart. She couldn't resist giving him a quick kiss. "Are you driving me there? Don't you have a meeting early in the morning?" Patrick had mentioned before going to bed that his meetings would start at five and go until noon, dealing with a critical phase in an overseas acquisition. His schedule was about to be turned upside down. "I can't leave you alone."
Brielle felt a wave of affection. How could Max be so wonderful? What kind of luck had she stumbled upon to have him in her life?
Max grabbed his jacket, put it on, and noticed her daydreaming. His brow furrowed, "Stomach still hurting?"
"No, let's go."
Max drove them quickly to Tequila Sunset. It had been ages since Brielle had been there. Inside, the dance floor was still crowded with young people.
Under the dim lights, Aubree was sprawled over the bar. Brielle tapped her shoulder. "Aubree?"
Aubree tooked up, bleary-eyed, and didn't recognize her.
Brielle propped her up, glancing at Max. Max frowned, his face set as he grabbed Aubree's other side.
Aubree recognized Max now, her lips trembling.
"Mr. Dorsey, I'm so sorry to trouble you. Just take good care of Bri, don't worry about me."
"Mr. Dorsey, I always thought you were a good man, handsome, and rich."
"You have to treat Bri well, for a lifetime."
###Chapter 565
Chapter 565
When she mentioned "a lifetime," her voice caught, and she reached out, pulling Brielle's hand over and then Max's, stacking them together.
Brielle raised a hand to massage her temples. How much had Aubree actually had to drink?
"You're plastered. I'll drive you home."
Aubree looked up at her with a nod. "Yeah, back to Andrew's place. Dawn's breaking, and it's his birthday. I got ingredients to bake a cake." Drunk as she was, she still remembered Andrew's birthday. Together, Brielle and Max supported her out of the bar.
Max was unaccustomed to being so close to another woman, feeling utterly uncomfortable. After settling Aubree in the car, Max went to drive, noticing the scent of booze on his coat.
Slumped against Brielle's shoulder, Aubree's face flushed. She mumbled incoherently, no one understood a word she said. Brielle was concerned Aubree might tumble to the floor with all her fidgeting, so one hand steadied Aubree's head.
They pulled up to where Aubree lived, and Brielle fished out the keys to help her inside.
The doorman furrowed his brows upon seeing Aubree. "There she goes again, coming home late every night. She didn't even go home for the holidays and was always out drinking. I really don't know what her family taught her. A girl should have some self-respect and self-love. Last time, she was caught fooling around in a car right down there, and now the whole complex
knows about it."
Brielle's face darkened as her gaze fell upon the doorman. Max glanced over as well. The doorman shivered, feeling the pressure, and dared not say another word.
Brielle had been to Aubree's place before, but Aubree hardly stayed there anymore. She was mostly at Andrew's place. She hadn't expected Aubree to be alone during the holidays, and suddenly felt guilty for not calling more often.
Once in the room, Aubree crashed on the couch and fell asleep.
Brielle looked at Max, sharing a moment of helplessness. "Max, why don't you wait for me downstairs?" The room was a mess with scattered bottles, jackets, and lingerie. It was unbearable to have him stand amidst the chaos. Max nodded and stepped out.
Brielle gently wiped Aubree's face with a warm towel.
Aubree opened her eyes and saw her, her eyes welling up. "Bri, never fall in love with someone." It had become her obsession. Loving the wrong person could be painful, but even loving the right one wasn't always sweet. Hatred and fear often stemmed from love.
Sighing, Brielle cleaned Aubree's cheeks, neck, and fingers. Aubree seemed more sober now,
1/2
10:55
Chapter 303
staring at the ceiling as silent tears fell.
Brielle's heart ached at the sight, and then banging on the door jolted her - more like smashing. *Heads up, Aubree! Open up. The boys are here to patronize your 'business!""
"Out gallivanting all night again, huh? What, got picked up in a car again?"
"You're trash. Can't keep still without a man for a day."
Since the incident with Andrew became neighborhood gossip, a few men would come by her door each night to hurl abuse. The other neighbors knew, but the scandal was too big; they all assumed she was promiscuous. The women despised her. They thought their husband would be seduced by her, and would insult her on sight.
Aubree was ostracized by the entire building, silent violence condoned by all. But she felt powerless, even unwilling to resist. The harsher they were, the more she mocked herself - the price of loving
someone.
Had she done something wrong?
Her mistake was harboring a crush on Andrew, giving in when he came onto her, and then. unable to let go, she ended up scorned like this.
Hearing the insults, Brielle's temper flared. She was about to storm out when she heard a thud against the wall outside. She quickly opened the door to see Max standing coolly in the hallway, his brow furrowed. "Beat it."
The jeering men could barely stand from the pain, their lips quivering as they scurried away.
Max's frown was prominent, and Brielle, sensing his mood, reached out to grasp his hand. "Didn't I tell you to wait downstairs?"
"It's cold."
SON
Brielle guessed he was worried about her and was about to invite him in the drafts in the hallway were even colder. But Max stood firm, pulling out his phone and dialing Andrew. Since their fight, this was the first time they had contacted each other.
###Chapter 566
Chapter 566
Andrew was still reeling from the unexpected call when Max's voice came through the line. "Max?" Suspicion flickered through his mind. Could someone be playing a prank with Max's phone? "Andrew, Aubree got plastered."
Andrew pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling Tessa stir in his arms. He'd thought he'd awakened her and gently patted her back to soothe her.
"I'm aware, but didn't Brielle go to look after her? Tessa is feeling under the weather, and I need to stay here and take care of her."
Tessa, now fully awake, snuggled closer. "Who's calling?"
"Max."
Anger flared in Tessa's eyes at the mention of Aubree's name. Why was Max calling about that tramp? She fumed internally, thinking it was high time to talk to Andrew's mum about marrying Aubree off and out of their lives.
Max, picking up on Tessa's voice, understood the implications. It was late; they were obviously sharing a bed.
"If you're not fond of Aubree, I can arrange an overseas position for her. She can start fresh there," Max suggested, his voice floating like mist.
Andrew's reaction was instantaneous, leaping out of bed as if scalded. "What do you mean?" His tone turned icy, his eyes blazing with anger.
But Max remained calm, unperturbed. "She's alone here, and with Brielle so busy, there's no one to look after her. Abroad, she can meet new people and make new friends."
Andrew's temper flared. "Can you stop interfering? She's a Clements, for heaven's sake. Any move she makes needs parental approval. As her brother, I-"
He cut himself off, painfully aware of the truth they both knew. Ever since that forbidden moment at eighteen, they were no longer just siblings.
Max hung up, ignoring Andrew's rage.
Andrew felt a fire within him, his temper boiling over. He grabbed his jacket, ready to storm out, but Tessa's arms wrapped around his waist, holding him back. "Stay with me, please? Andrew, I don't want you to leave because of Aubree. Would you really abandon me over her? I thought I was the one who mattered most to you."
Andrew stiffened, his features a mask of conflict. Tessa's pleading eyes softened him. He pulled out his phone and fired off a message to Max. [Aubree stays in Beaconsfield. If you whisk her away without consent, this brotherhood is over.]
1/2
10:56
Chapter 566
Max didn't bother checking the message, settling down to watch as Brielle continued to care for Aubree. He didn't want Brielle to overextend herself; she was already swamped. Now she had to deal with a friend's troubles, troubles caused by another man's actions.
Brielle tucked Aubree in, worried she might retch again. She glanced at Max, seated on the sofa, and sighed, "I'll stay here tonight. You should head back. You have a meeting in a couple of hours. I'll head straight to Premier Palace to change, then head off to the office. I need to check on the reforms we implemented and discuss resources with the directors. Plus, we need to front some cash."
With the company's finances in the red, she had to figure out how to engage with prominent directors.
Max approached, cradling her face and planting a kiss. "Don't stress about the corporate stuff. Whatever the outcome, my father can't separate us."
Brielle chuckled at his defiance. It was heartwarming, but she was committed to doing her best, especially in front of the Dorsey family's extended kin. If she half-assed it, they'd say she didn't love Max enough. The truth was, she adored him. Every time she thought her love for him was profound, he did something to deepen it further-as if her love for him was a bottomless pit. "Max, I'll do my
best."
In six months, she intended to turn heads.
As Max was about to kiss her again, a hoarse voice interrupted. "Have you no decency?"
Aubree, who had apparently woken up, propped herself up and glared at them as they were about to kiss, her face etched with disapproval.
###Chapter 567
Chapter 567
she was here, suffering the wrath of a wicked hangover, and these two decided to flaunt their love while she was out cold. Where was their conscience?
Clamping a hand over her mouth, she dashed for the bathroom and heaved a resounding "ugh" into the toilet.
Brielle arched an eyebrow. The timing of it all was a bit too perfect, as if Aubree was sickened by their display of affection.
Noticing Max's darkening expression, Brielle quickly softened her tone, "Go back, I'll take care of her. She was alone over the holidays, and I'm worried."
Once Max had left, Brielle grabbed a bottle of mineral water and headed for the bathroom.
With reddened eyes from retching, Aubree caught sight of Brielle in the mirror and hastily turned on the faucet to rinse away the mess. Then, she brushed her teeth with earnestness.
Once she was done, she covered her eyes with her hands. "Bri, do I look terrible?"
Brielle was at a loss for words. Everyone knew the unspoken moral standards, but once you were in the thick of it, was it really that simple to make the best decision? If emotions could be quantified and regulated, then the world wouldn't be full of stories about love and loss.
Besides, Aubree and Andrew had met first. Just when it came to matters of the heart, the concept of first-come-first-served was rarely applicable.
"You don't look terrible. Are you hungry? I can whip up some soup for you."
Aubree shook her head, took the water Brielle offered, and gulped it down before pursing her lips. "Not hungry."
She rubbed her eyes, feeling like a burden to Brielle, and cracked a weak smile. "It's so late, you should sleep. The guest room's always ready, and no one's used it."
Brielle's eyes caught the pile of melatonin on the shelf, her brow furrowing. "Have you been having a lot of trouble sleeping?"
Aubree quickly stashed the medication back into the cabinet, her movements a tad frantic. "Not really, just keeping them on hand."
Brielle wouldn't stop Aubree from loving Andrew, but it pained her to see Aubree harming her health like this. "Max called Andrew earlier, and he's with Tessa."
Aubree stiffened, her face turning ashen. Knowing it herself was one thing, but hearing it from someone else was another.
She blinked her stinging eyes and mustered a faint smile. "Yeah, I heard Tessa's been under the weather. Andrew's always treated her like she's made of glass. He's bound to be by her side."
1/2
10:56
Chapter 567
However, all those times Aubree was sick, Andrew never once stayed with her.
Aubree was painfully aware that she was nothing more than a toy for him to play with when he felt lonely, Sometimes, he would toy with her as casually as one relieves themselves - a zipper down, a zipper up, and it was over without ever asking how she felt, like that time outside her apartment building.
Andrew had done this too many times to count, so much that Aubree couldn't even remember them all.
She felt he had no respect for her, but she loved Andrew, and in love, she had already lost. Perhaps one day, he would remember her kindness, and maybe he would grow to love her. Aubree clung to that thought, those pathetic hopes that even she despised.
Brielle watched Aubree try to hold back her tears, and her heart felt as if it had been pricked. Having known Aubree for years, Brielle had always thought of her as someone bold in love and fierce in hate. But after learning about her and Andrew, Brielle realized that all of Aubree's outward spines turned into soft needles in his presence.
"Aubree, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."
Brielle had intended to be cruel, to make Aubree see Andrew's coldness. But she forgot that Aubree had been at Andrew's beck and call for years and was well acquainted with that man's heartlessness. Aubree shook her head, words failing her as her heart ached too much to speak.
Brielle knew Aubree probably wanted to be alone, "I'm going to bed. If you need to talk but don't want to say it to my face, you can text me." Her phone was fully charged, ready for a late-night chat. Aubree's eyes welled up instantly. What she wanted most was to wish Andrew a happy birthday. But when it came to Andrew, Aubree could no longer utter a word, so she closed her eyes and fluttered her eyelashes. "Mm."
After Brielle retreated to the guest room, sleep eluded her. She was worried Aubree might do something drastic, perhaps take all those sleeping pills. So, at the slightest noise, she couldn't help but stand by the door to listen, fearing she might hear the thud of a body hitting the floor.
###Chapter 568
Chapter 568
Until the wee hours of six in the morning, the noise outside ceased, and Aubree must have finally settled down for some rest.
Brielle let out a sigh of relief, rubbing her weary eyes, planning to catch another half hour of sleep on the bed.
Awakening to the aroma of breakfast, she opened the door to find Aubree, apron-clad, setting the last dish on the table from the kitchen.
There were still faint traces of redness around her eyes, likely concealed with foundation. Her emotions, her entire sense of loss and pain, also seemed to be masked beneath that foundation. This act of keeping up appearances was a tactic Aubree often employed.
So, Brielle chose not to mention last night's ordeal but instead asked, "You're not working today?"
Aubree untied the apron from her waist, grabbed a bowl, and ladled some soup for Brielle.
"Got the axe three days ago, but I've saved enough over the years to get by. It's just that without a Job, I feel kind of useless."
She had always revolved her life around Andrew that even her work hadn't amounted to much. To please Andrew, Aubree had mastered the art of cooking and never expected that, in the end, she'd be cooking for Tessa. The mere thought made her heart ache.
She had received a text from Max and knew that Brielle had been swamped lately, so she hurriedly pushed the conversation forward. "I heard Michael's giving you a tough time, making you run an entertainment company?"
"Yeah."
"Brl, do you think I have what it takes to be a celebrity?"
Brielle, about to sip her soup, paused at the question.
ively, Aubree's looks could easily place her in the top ten among the beauties of Beaconsfield. She had a striking presence that would dominate any photo she was in.
Brielle pondered. She was now at the helm of an entertainment company, and Aubree was jobless. If Aubree broke into showbiz and made a name for herself, with the demanding schedule of a movie star and months spent on set, she'd naturally spend less time on Andrew.
Without something to occupy her, Aubree would inevitably dwell on Andrew.
Brielle felt this might be the best thing she could do for Aubree. So she nodded, "Sure, send your resume over to Stellar Stage Entertainment. I'll have you train with the new batch of actors. You'll get coaching on expression and fitness management. The company's undergoing some reforms, and I'm pretty tied up at the moment. Are you sure you want to take this on?"
1/2
11.07
Chapter 568
"Absolutely! Who wouldn't love to be famous? Plus, I want to be your cash cow. If the company makes money, Michael will be over the moon."
Brielle's lips curved into a smile, returning to her soup.
Aubree's cooking was impressive. Brielle knew who she had honed her skills for and refrained from complimenting her to avoid bringing up Andrew again.
After the meal, Brielle announced she was heading to the office. Once Aubree was alone, her smile faded, and she quietly moved to the kitchen to bake a birthday cake in solitude.
As Brielle got into her car, she sent Max a message.
(Still in a meeting?]
[Yep.]
Max replied promptly as if he had been waiting for her to reach out. She smiled again, but she didn't respond further, focusing on driving instead.
Once she arrived at the company and settled into her office, she was bombarded with an unending stream of tasks. She was so engrossed that messaging Max slipped her mind as she dealt with a dozen pressing emails..
Come noon, Keagan walked in.
"Ms. Haywood, HR has already handed out termination letters to those on their way out. Have you reviewed the contracts for the artists? Who's worth keeping?"
"Any of them willing to stay on their own accord?"
Keagan shook his head, a hint of mockery in his eyes. Those folks had been itching for a release from Stellar Stage Entertainment, and now, with the chance to break free, they'd likely run faster than rabbits. Why would they choose to stay?
There were some promising talents among them. If Brielle let them go, the company would suffer a significant loss.
With the company struggling to secure resources due to financial deficits, there was no money to invest in scripts or connections to negotiate with directors. The morning had passed, and the company hadn't secured a single screenplay.
Rubbing her temples, Brielle's voice was calm but firm. "Bring in a few professional acting coaches to see who's got talent. Offer a generous contract to the gifted ones. Promise them a bigger cut of their earnings. As for the rest, we can provide severance if they want to leave."
"Ms. Haywood, you might not know, but there's hardly any money left in finance. I do have a suggestion, however. Why not sell those artists in bulk to other companies? Several of them are quite talented, and other companies have been eyeing them for a while. We could make a good sum off each."
###Chapter 569
Chapter 569
This kind of disgraceful practice was nothing new in the corporate world. Celebrities were just numbers to be crunched, and artists, with no rights to speak of, were merely pawns in the
game.
"There's no need for that. If there's nothing else, go ahead and do as I say," Brielle said with a nonchalant tone. She pondered for a moment before slightly lifting her gaze. "If the company's coffers are dry, then let's withhold all the executives' Christmas bonuses this year. We'll save tens of millions that way. We can invest it in a new TV series, get a high-profile actor to lead, and cast our up-and-coming talents in supporting roles. Problem solved, right?"
"Brielle, you've gone too far! First, you cut down our staff, and now you want to take our Christmas bonuses too?!"
An executive's Christmas bonus could be in the millions, and many had been eagerly awaiting
that moment.
Brielle scoffed, her sharp edge rivaling that of Max. "If you had actually contributed to the company over the years, I might have reconsidered. The funds from Dorsey International have dwindled to nearly nothing for talent investment, and as for where the rest went, you're more aware of that than I am. If you don't like it, there's the door. In fact, I'm not too pleased with the current leadership as is." "You!!" Keagan was livid, well aware that Brielle was playing her veto card, and couldn't care less about anyone's opinion.
Damn her! Where did she get this audacity?
He feared that if he said one more word, a resignation letter would really smack him right in the face. His complexion shifted from red to white, but eventually, he reined in his anger. "Ms. Haywood, don't burn all your bridges. After all, we might cross paths in the future. Couldn't we still be friends?"
Brielle's eyes, coldly clear, met his. "I never planned on being friends with any of you."
Keagan was left speechless, trembling to the point he feared he might drop dead from rage right there. He turned on his heel and stormed out of the office, slamming the door behind him with a resounding thud.
Once he was out, the remaining executives quickly clustered around.
"What happened? Did she really say she's firing all those people?"
"This is insane! Who does that? If everyone leaves, she'll be the last one standing in the company!"
Keagan snorted, stirring up their resentment towards Brielle. "Ms. Haywood said it's not enough to just fire people. All our Christmas bonuses are canceled, to be funneled into the TV series. If you're not on board, you might as well leave now."
1/2
11:08
"What? Our Christmas bonuses?!" That was everyone's sweet slice of the ple she was messing with.
"How dare that... that woman! Together, our bonuses must total over ten million. What gives her the right?"
Keagan waved his hand resignedly. "Someone must be backing her. Just do as she says, or we'll be the ones to suffer."
Keagan's shift in attitude was due to the task he had been burdened with. While his backers hadn't revealed their identities, their tone had made it clear he couldn't defy them. Besides, the money was good, too good to cut off his own cash flow. So, while he had ignited their rage, he had no personal stake in it and left them to their fury.
After Keagan departed, the others were left seething.
"That little hussy probably seduced Keagan, too."
"Remember how Keagan treasured his office? How did she just take over and make him move out without a fuss?"
"Bet she hooked up with him on her very first day. Wonder if the folks at Dorsey International know how 'charming' their little protégé is."
"Let's go straight to Dorsey International and complain! I've got connections there. We could get an audience with Mr. Dorsey himself."
They quickly agreed that this was a solid plan. Brielle thought she could wield her temporary power, but they'd expose her actions to the higher-ups and reveal her true colors.
Plus, once Mr. Dorsey learned she'd secured her position at Stellar Stage Entertainment only through the influence of other executives at Dorsey International, they were sure he'd realize her true nature and be done with her.
If her backer turned on her, Brielle might even lose her job. And once she was out, they would make her pay for all the indignities they had suffered.
Oh, they'd make sure she'd regret crossing them.
###Chapter 570
Chapter 570
Brielle was oblivious to the undercurrents swirling amongst her colleagues as she plowed through the morning's stack of paperwork. By the time she'd finished, her eyes were so sore and swollen it felt like they might start watering.
Rubbing her eyes, she was contemplating whether to call an impromptu meeting when her phone buzzed with a message from Max. [Lunch?]
It was as if he had a sixth sense for her well-being. His message was a gentle nudge reminding her not to skip meals lest her stomach issues flare up again.
A bittersweet feeling washed over Brielle as she quickly typed back a response. [On my way.]
Max's eyes crinkled into a soft smile at her reply.
He was seated in the boardroom, where the atmosphere had been tense, and the team members spoke with trepidation, seeing their CEO's stern expression. Yet, within less than two minutes, Max's demeanor shifted from stormy to sunny, and the room breathed a collective sigh of relief. One quick-thinking team member seized the moment to finish their report, and indeed, there were no ions from Max.
As the meeting wrapped up, everyone felt as if they had been touched by a spring breeze. Their respect for the person who could lift the Max's spirits was growing. Could it be Ms. Alivia? Speculative glances were exchanged. Perhaps Ms. Alivia was poised to become the CEO's wife
soon.
Despite rumors to the contrary on the internet, those within Dorsey International knew better. After all, Ms. Alivia had been involved in company projects even while overseas, a testament to
Max's trust in her.
The day continued at a breakneck pace for Max, with back-to-back international acquisition meetings concluding at three in the afternoon.
He massaged his temples as Patrick briefed him on the schedule. "At four, you've got golf with the CEO of the Serenity Group to discuss the new tourism project in Lynn County. Then, dinner at six with Mr. Hatfield. Their fragrance business is booming, and they're likely looking to collaborate with Dorsey International on a limited edition line. Finally, at eight, we start bidding on the overseas acquisition, which will go on for three hours. The competition is fierce, with several local powerhouses in the mix."
Max's days were always full, but never before had he felt time was so scarce that even messaging Brielle had to be squeezed into the workday.
"Where's Sammuel's dinner place?" Max inquired.
"Mr. Hatfield said you could choose the venue."
"Then let's go with Bite and Sip Bistro." Chapter 570
Patrick rifled through his mental Rolodex. Having been around the block a few times, he couldn't recall ever hearing of Bite and Sip Bistro.
Feeling a tad negligent for not knowing the CEO's chosen dining spot, Patrick whipped out his phone and searched. The address for Bite and Sip Bistro was just a stone's throw from Stellar Stage Entertainment's headquarters. His lips twitched at the realization.
It made sense why he was unaware. Bite and Sip Bistro was a fast-food joint.
Max, a man known for his refined palate, was now opting for fast food just to steal a moment with Ms. Brielle amidst his hectic schedule. Was he really bringing Mr. Hatfield of the prestigious Hatfield family to a fast-food restaurant? The imagery was almost too bizarre to fathom.
Still, Patrick didn't hesitate to secure the venue, arranging to rent out the entire bistro.
The owner of Bite and Sip thought it was a joke when he heard someone wanted to book the place for three hours for a whopping thirty thousand dollars. Their daily turnover was about ten thousand dollars, and that wasn't even pure profit once you factored in rent, wages, and other expenses. To them, anyone willing to drop thirty grand for a three-hour reservation must have a screw loose.
"If you keep this up, I'm calling the cops," the owner threatened after hanging up on Patrick, then instructed his staff to keep the fries and chicken drumsticks coming.
But then his bank account pinged with the deposit. He had to double-check his vision and the zeros on the screen before tremblingly dialing back.
“I apologize for my ignorance. We're closing up shop now. May I ask what you'd like to eat? We don't just do fast food, you know. My fries are second to none," he boasted, hoping to keep this lucrative customer happy.
###Chapter 571
Chapter 571
Hearing the cheer in the joint owner's voice, Patrick couldn't help but chuckle to himself. That guy must felt like he'd truly hit the jackpot.
"No need for anything fancy. Just get a chef from the five-star hotel next door to whip up a ten-course meal. As long as your diner is spotless, we're golden. My boss is a bit of a germaphobe." "Sure thing, chief. But are you sure you don't want a taste of my world-class fries?"
"Still pitching his fries," Patrick thought. It was all about getting the cash and selling the product - adults never settled for just one when they could have both.
Patrick rubbed his forehead. "Just do as I've told you, alright?"
Six o'clock in the evening.
Brielle had just wrapped up her last meeting. She'd talked so much that her voice was starting to go hoarse. She took a sip of lemon water to soothe her throat and was about to dive back into the artists' profiles when her phone buzzed with a call from Max. "Have you eaten yet?"
Brielle had been swamped all afternoon; there was no chance for a meal break. Now that Max had reminded her, she realized she was actually starving. "Not yet. I've still got a few profiles to go through." "How long will you need?"
"Ten minutes."
"Alright, I'll wait for you at Bite and Sip Bistro, just around the corner from your office."
Brielle almost thought she'd misheard. The Bite and Sip Bistro catered to the local office crowd with its convenience and speed, aiming to fill stomachs, not tantalize taste buds. Sure, the hygiene standards were acceptable, but the ingredients were pretty run-of-the-mill-after all, a full meal only cost thirty bucks. They had to cut costs somewhere.
Max, at the Bite and Sip Bistro?
She stood up immediately. "I'll be right down."
"No rush. We'll wait for you."
We? Who else was with Max?
Max hung up and set his phone aside.
Sammuel sat across from him, his mind reeling since stepping into the Bite and Sip Bistro. Considering he and Max had no bad blood between them-in fact, they'd collaborated on a property deal once-it didn't seem like Max was trying to insult him with fast food. Sammuel could keep his cool. He'd already picked up on the vibes between Max and Brielle and
10:52
Chapter 571
couldn't resist gossiping, "Was it Ms. Brielle?"
The smile in Max's eyes deepened. "She works at Stellar Stage Entertainment."
Sammuel breathed a sigh of relief. So it was for Brielle that they were at Bite and Sip Bistro. Even the high-and-mighty "The Priest" seemed to come down to earth for a woman.
Why Brielle wasn't at Dorsey International was none of Sammuel's business. Both men had been in the game long enough to know when to probe and when to keep quiet.
Meanwhile, Brielle was waiting for the elevator, which seemed to take forever during the rush hour. The private lift had been out of order since yesterday, and today, it was still not fixed, forcing her to use the regular staff elevator.
She impatiently kept checking her phone for the time and was about to call Max to let him know she'd be late when an irate female voice cut through the lobby. "What the hell is so special about you?!" Brielle looked up to find the woman from Keagan's office the day before, likely someone who had been hooking up with Keagan for quite some time.
The woman, probably in her mid-twenties, seethed with envy at the sight of Brielle. She heard rumors that this newcomer had suddenly become president, and she found it hard to believe. Now, she got the news of her own dismissal. She was a manager, after all, a position she'd secured by hooking up with Keagan, and now it was all undone so easily by this... this bitch.
"Damn it," she thought, "how could this happened!"
###Chapter 572
Chapter 572
"Hey, what's your deal, huh? Why does Keagan seem scared of you? Have you been coz 10 to the bigwigs at Dorsey International or something?"
Having been fired, she had nothing left to lose. So what if Brieffe was the president? it was not like they could call the cops just because she hurled a few insults,
Brielle frowned. The elevator had just arrived, and she really wasn't in the mood for this nonsense. She stepped towards the elevator, intending to leave the confrontation behind.
The woman was having none of it. Clutching her purse, she swung it at Brielle with no small amount of venom. "You little tramp! Ignoring me, huh? Don't think I'm scared just because you've charmed your way to the top. I no longer work under Dorsey International, so you can't touch me!
Her purse was made of alligator leather, sharp at the edges. Brielle, in her hurry, could only raise her hand in defense. The sharp edge sliced a five-centimeter gash across Brielle's wrist. and blood flowed freely. The woman herself hadn't expected this turn of events and paled at the sight.
Brielle was shocked that the purse nearly severed an artery. Her forehead throbbed with tension as bystanders began to take notice. Someone swiftly called for an ambulance. With this wound, Brielle was definitely hospital-bound.
With a steely gaze, Brielle looked at the panicked woman, her eyes sharp as knives.
Feeling the sting of Brielle's stare, the woman threw a wad of bills at her. "What are you looking at? Here's enough cash for your hospital trip. And just so you know, you're not the only one with connections at Dorsey International. You've heard of Mr. Dorsey, right? My friend is pretty tight with him and is his girlfriend. One word from me, and you're out on your ear."
Brielle couldn't be bothered with this brainless banter and instructed someone to call the
police.
Ricardo had already rushed over with a first-aid kit. The blood was too much; any deeper and it would have hit an artery. To the uninformed, it looked like a botched attempt at self-harm. "Ms. Haywood, let's get you to the hospital."
This whole fiasco had Brielle seething. She'd finally managed to schedule a dinner with Max. only to have it interrupted by some random woman.
She glanced at Keagan in the crowd, her voice dark. "When the cops get here, show them the surveillance footage. Assault and slander should be enough to lock her up for a while."
The woman's face went ashen, her lips quivering. "Brielle, do you have to do this? I'm so young, and jail would ruin my life. Are you trying to push me over the edge? I swear I'll jump off the Stellar Stage Entertainment building right now! I'll have every media outlet blaming you. Let them see what a second-rate person you really are!" The woman was driven to desperation, wishing she could strangle Brielle.
1/2
10:52
Chapter 577
Brielle let out a cold laugh as Ricardo finished bandaging her wrist. "Go ahead and jump. Just
don't land on anyone."
Brielle turned to Keagan. "Director Keagan, I'll leave this to you,"
The woman burst into tears, grabbing at Keagan's sleeve. "Director Keagan, I don't want to go to jail. Please help me."
Keagan shook off her hand, his gaze lingering on Brielle and Ricardo as they entered the
elevator.
With her wrist bleeding, Brielle wouldn't be able to dine with Max. She tried to call him but noticed blood on her phone and felt a wave of nausea.
Sensing her discomfort, Ricardo quickly wiped the phone clean with a tissue. "Ms. Haywood, here's your phone. You need to get to the hospital right away; it can't wait."
Brielle took the phone, looking pale. "I know, you don't have to come with me."
"Ms. Haywood, I was going to visit my sister at the hospital anyway." His eyes flickered with sadness, lashes casting a shadow over his youthful face.
He was going to see his sister, and what could Brielle say to that?
She tried calling Max, but the ambulance arrived before she could speak to him. The paramedic saw her wrist and ushered her into the vehicle. "How deep is the cut? You need to be more careful. 1 heard it was done with a purse. Don't move your hand too much. Let's get you to the hospital to see if you need stitches."
Brielle handed her phone to the paramedic. "Please call my boyfriend. He's waiting for me to have dinner with him. But don't tell him I'm hurt. Just say I got pulled into a last-minute meeting." She didn't want to worry Max.
The paramedic chuckled, "Okay, this number, right? I'll call him right away."
Brielle couldn't help but add, "Just say you're my assistant, and I had to attend an emergency meeting."
The paramedic nodded, and the phone had already dialed through.
###Chapter 573
Chapter 573
At the Bite and Sip Bistro, Max and Samuel had been sitting for a while, discussing a
collaboration between their companies. Max's phone rang, and a faint smile flashed across his eyes. As he answered the call, the smile slowly faded. "Yeah, I know. Let her carry on with her y." he said into the phone.
Samuel could tell Max had just been stood up. Frankly, it was rather awkward to see Max in this situation, especially being ditched by a woman.
Max had come all the way from Dorsey International, reserved the whole place, and even arranged for a five-star hotel dinner, yet Brielle didn't show.
But Max's tone remained casual as he reminded the caller. "Make sure she has dinner tonight." Before the doctor on the other end could reply, Max asked, "Is that an ambulance I hear?" Max had sharp ears, and his gaze sharpened.
The doctor was taken aback, momentarily lost for words. After a brief pause, he quickly made an excuse. "No, it's just a fire drill in the hallway. We have them twice a year, and today just happens to be the day."
Max frowned but didn't press further, merely insisting that Brielle should have her dinner.
Once he hung up, Max looked down at the food in front of him. Samuel, the old fox, promptly chimed in, "Is Ms. Brielle even busier than you? She doesn't seem to rely on you at all. I wonder why she's working so hard?"
Samuel speculated that Brielle didn't end up at Stellar Stage Entertainment by chance. The entertainment company's business was quite different from that of Dorsey International, so it was very likely that Michael had found out about their relationship and made some sort of bet with Brielle. His words were meant to remind Max that Brielle's hard work was all about being
with him.
Max's expression, which had cooled, brightened slightly at the comment. With a mixture of helplessness and indulgence, he said, "She's trying to make more money than me."
A smile played at the corners of his eyes as he spoke.
Samuel laughed along. "There aren't many women in Beaconsfield with Ms. Brielle's grand ambitions."
The atmosphere warmed, and Samuel smoothly transitioned back to the business discussion.
Meanwhile, Brielle had arrived at the hospital, where she received five stitches for her wound and was advised to keep it dry.
Brielle frowned at the wound. It would be too difficult not to let Max find out. If he knew she had been injured at Stellar Stage Entertainment and forbade her from going there, she would inevitably clash with Michael.
10:53
Chant 573
The doctor, seeing her worried expression, couldn't help but chuckle.
"You are worried about your boyfriend, eh? He has a nice voice, and he really cares about you. He insisted that you eat on time. Quite perceptive, too, to recognize the sound of an ambulance so quickly," Naturally. Brielle was pleased to hear someone praise her boyfriend and couldn't resist saying. "He's the most perfect man I've ever met."
After finishing the bandaging, the doctor laughed again and teased, "What's that old saying? Love is blind, and every lass is a beauty in the lover's eyes."
Brielle blushed a little, unaccustomed to the attention.
Just as the doctor was about to add more, someone knocked on the door. "There's someone next door who's had a heavy bleed from drinking too much. You need to come."
For some reason, Brielle's heart skipped a beat, and she immediately thought of Aubree. She stood up quickly and went to the next room, only to find not Aubree but Spencer reeking of alcohol.
Brielle felt a wave of bad luck, turned on her heel, and made to leave. Spencer caught sight of her and thought he was hallucinating. Tears streamed down his face instantly. "Don't go, Brielle, please don't leave me," he sobbed, the taste of blood in his mouth.
The doctors couldn't restrain him, and he fell off the bed, clutching at Brielle's ankles. "Just look at me. You won't even look at me in my dreams."
Brielle was baffled. How could someone who had once trampled over her, end up in such a state because of her? The blame was too heavy for her to bear, so she quickly withdrew her foot, but Spencer gripped her tightly. "What do I have to do? Just tell me. If you come back, I'll do anything. Please, Brielle, I really like you, no, I love you."
###Chapter 574
Chapter 574
Just as Brielle was about to kick Spencer away, a woman's voice echoed from the doorway. "Spencer, haven't you embarrassed yourself enough?"
Startled, Brielle turned to see that it was none other than Victoria.
With a nod to Brielle, Victoria signaled for the doctors to pull Spencer away. It took several doctors and a lot of effort to restrain Spencer on the bed and administer a sedative. Noticing the bandage on Brielle's wrist, Victoria frowned, "What happened to you?"
"Just a little scratch from my purse."
Some purse accessories can be sharp. Victoria had seen enough catfights to know women used the corners of their handbags to leave their opponents bloodied. "Does Max know about this?"
As Max's older sister, Victoria had never interfered with his relationship with Brielle, which meant Brielle had no hard feelings towards her. But thinking of Tiffanie, Brielle felt less warmth towards Victoria. "I haven't told him yet."
"Maybe it's for the best. If Max got involved, he wouldn't care who hurt you or what their background was. Mom always says he doesn't take after anyone in the Dorsey family. In some ways, he's the most reckless of us all."
Brielle didn't quite understand what Victoria meant but remained quietly attentive.
Inside, the doctors had sedated Spencer and wheeled him into the ICU.
Victoria tucked her shoulder-length hair behind her ear, her expression indifferent. "I don't oppose your relationship with Max, but I hope you bring him positive energy, not negativity. You probably don't know, but as a child, he was so serious that mom had to consult numerous therapists and psychologists because he wouldn't smile."
Brielle was surprised; she had never heard about Max's childhood. She knew being groomed as the heir must have been tough, but she never realized that his life was challenging even before he was in the spotlight.
Victoria's short hair framed her spotless skin, but a perpetual cloud of melancholy seemed to loom over her. "Mom was strict with him, treating him as the successor from the moment he was born. If he couldn't fulfill that role, given her state of mind, she might have done something drastic. So when Max couldn't smile and displeased Dad, Mom was devastated. He's been through hundreds of treatments to become the decisive person he is today. Only he knows what he's endured."
Turning to Brielle, Victoria's tone was calm but chilly. "I hope you don't push him to become someone else."
Brielle frowned. Why would Victoria say that? She had never thought to push Max; all she
Chapter 574
wanted was to be good to him, to compensate for all he'd lost.
"Do you love Max?"
Brielle's thoughts shattered at the question. Love? She could admit she liked Max a lot, but what was love? Growing up, no one had ever taught Brielle the meaning of the word.
Seeing the confusion on Brielle's face, Victoria chuckled. "Maybe you don't understand now, but when the time comes to part ways, you will. Love is like that - its depth unknown until separation." But by then, understanding would be too late.
Brielle was never deeply loved by anyone and had no idea how to begin to experience love. She believed in love, like the tragic passion Aubree had for Andrew or the destructive devotion Victoria had for Everett.
But her feelings for Max? She couldn't think of the right words to describe them.
###Chapter 575
Chapter 575
Victoria felt she'd said too much, even though she wasn't quite sure what she was trying to communicate.
"Max is my brother, whether we're close or not, and I don't want him getting hurt." With those words, she slipped into the hospital room.
Brielle stood there, overhearing Victoria instructing the doctor. "He's been cooped up at home. drinking himself into oblivion. If I hadn't found him today, he'd probably be dead. Please make sure there's always a nurse watching over him while he's admitted. I'll take care of the expenses."
Spencer's parents had long left Beaconsfield, and the only one in the Dorsey family who might still have had some concern for him was probably Victoria.
Victoria had watched Spencer grow up; she knew about the night he spent on his knees in their ancestral home. That was why she had said those things to Brielle.
Victoria knew all too well the kind of tricks her father could play. If a man as proud as Everett could be broken, then Brielle stood no chance. Brielle and Max were never going to last, especially not with Michael yet to truly exert his influence. Once he did, Brielle would lose her dignity just as Everett had.
However, Victoria didn't regret a thing. At least she kept Everett by her side. That was where he'd stay for the rest of his life.
The Dorseys never really understood love. What they felt was more like possession. Like now, Victoria couldn't define her feelings for Everett. Was it love or something else? She simply couldn't bear to let go and decided why not keep him close and torment each other? Victoria lowered her eyes, knowing that unless Brielle were completely unattached in this world, everything and everyone connected to her would become a burden, a vulnerability. Victoria's father had used the woman Everett loved most to threaten him, and that woman was pregnant at the time. Everett had been searching for this woman for years, but how could he possibly succeed with Michael's methods? If not for the child still being alive, Everett would've commit suicide by now.
Victoria wanted to knock Everett off his pedestal and turn him into a plaything she could manipulate and desecrate. The love she couldn't have was returned to her in another form that satisfied her. Not a single Dorsey was normal, including her brother, Max, who simply lacked emotional awareness and buried his feelings deeply.
Some people's madness was external, others internal, and the world had always been that way. Back at the office, Brielle learned that the police had taken away the woman who hurt her. She Chapter 575
couldn't find an excuse to explain her wrist injury to Max, so she said she would stay with Aubree another night. Upon hearing she'd be with Aubree, Max didn't press any further,
Brielle had a key to Aubree's place, made long ago. As she inserted it into the tock, she heard footsteps from inside.
Aubree opened the door, and her slight spark of hope vanished upon seeing Brielle,
A quick glance inside showed that the previous night's mess of clothes and bottles had been cleaned up. The room was refreshed, and the table was neatly laden with delicious food, including a homemade birthday cake.
Brielle knew who Aubree was waiting for, but that person probably wouldn't show up tonight.
Feeling awkward, Aubree fiddled with the doorknob before mumbling. "Caught in a sad scene again, huh? I knew he wouldn't come."
Like a gambler addicted to hope, Aubree clung to the slim possibility until the bitter end.
She quickly pulled Brielle inside. "I made lots of goodies. Eat with me, or it'll all go to waste."
Brielle didn't refuse. Aubree needed company, even if it was just a silent presence.
Midway through their meal, both their phones rang. Max was calling Brielle about an issue with Martha, who'd had three episodes in one day. He needed to visit the sanatorium.
Brielle stood up immediately, insisting on going with him. "Aubree, Max's mom is in trouble. I'm heading to the sanatorium."
Aubree nodded, not letting on who had called her.
Brielle reached the sanatorium quickly. Several doctors were already restraining Martha when she arrived.
Max, braving the chill of the night, stood by a window in the hallway, peering into the chaotic
scene.
A doctor approached Max, his tone sympathetic, "Ms. Martha's been very unstable lately, and she's been calling for you. Deep down, she probably wants you by her side. However, your work keeps you busy. Visiting every two weeks isn't enough, and something about Beaconsfield is scaring her. That's why she's acting out."
Max rubbed his temple, then heard the doctor suggest, "Max, if you can't be here often, maybe look into what happened to Ms. Martha back then. We need to understand why she's like this."
Upon hearing this, Brielle felt a knot tighten in her stomach, an ominous premonition creeping over her.
###Chapter 576
Chapter 576
Max's gaze was cast downward. His pale lips were pursed lightly, and his features were seemingly gentle yet edged with a sharp chill.
Ever since his earliest memories, his mother had been strict with him, a level of strictness that would have seemed almost twisted in other households of Beaconsfield. But it was in his nature not to be bothered by it, and he never held any resentment towards Martha.
Martha had utterly neglected her daughter Victoria, leaving Victoria to her own devices to the point that she hadn't once asked for Victoria to visit her at the sanatorium throughout the
years.
Victoria had indeed never visited.
Martha cared about whether Max could secure his place as the heir and Max himself. So, what had devastated her back then must have been related to either of these concerns.
When his father had pushed him into the heir's position at the age of ten, Martha's health began to decline, and Max wondered what hidden turmoil had beset her.
Outsiders speculated that Michael was too ruthless, intentionally sending Max, the youngest son, to his doom and causing Martha to collapse under the strain.
Max knew the truth was not so simple. He had people investigate covertly, but they unearthed nothing.
"Max, if you have the time, try to visit more often," the doctor said after discussing the new medication's side effects and the urgency of stabilizing Martha's mood to avoid negating all previous efforts. Max stood looking cold and melancholic and nodded slowly after hearing the words.
Once the doctor had left, Brielle glanced through the window at Martha, who had finally calmed down and was lying in bed, attended to by several caregivers.
Brielle was curious if Alivia's weekly visits exacerbated Martha's condition, wondering if the news Alivia brought was part of the cause. Alivia had previously pinned the blame for a lost child on Martha, and if stirring trouble between her and Max served Alivia's purpose, she would
do it.
Brielle also knew that telling Max about Alivia's potential manipulations wouldn't convince him right away. After all, Alivia had cared for Martha for many years, dutifully, even from abroad. If she intended to cause harm, she would have done so long ago.
Max was aware of some of Alivia's true colors, but he likely never harbored a doubt regarding Martha.
Moreover, Martha had once told Brielle that if she and Max ended up together, Martha would rather die. She tried to control Max's life, first by wanting him to become the Dorsey family's heir and then by hoping he'd marry a woman the Dorsey family approved of.
10:39
Chapter 576
Max opened a door and stepped inside. Martha was just coming to, and upon seeing him, her mood became agitated. "What are you doing here?! I'd be better off dead than seeing you!"
"Mother,"
Max called out, only to have Martha throw a bedside cup at him in rage. "Why did you tell me over the phone that you're with Brielle? You clearly don't care about me at all, so there's no need for you to be here. Get out!"
The cup shattered against the doorframe, and the fragments scattered like shrapnel, a sound like the beginning of war.
"Mother, you must take care of yourself."
"Ha! As long as that bitch is on this earth, I'll never have peace."
Max's expression remained serene, like the cold light of a winter's day. He approached and sat down slowly by the bed. "I'd prefer you didn't speak of Brielle in such a way."
Martha's face twisted into a sneer, her gaze drifting out the window to catch a glimpse of Brielle's figure. She scoffed, "Oh? That lowly hussy seduced you. If she's not a tramp, what is she? Keep her away from me. She makes me sick!"
"What would you have me do, Mother?"
"Break up with her!"
"That's not possible." Max's reply was immediate and unwavering.
Martha's gaze darkened, her laugh cold. "Then I might as well die."
###Chapter 577
Chapter 577
Max's gaze rested on her with a calm that bordered on indifference as if devoid of any emotion. "Mom, is it because I'm the heir to the Dorsey family?" he asked quietly.
Martha's lips tightened into a thin line, and she let out a derisive snort. "Of course it is. What's the difference between Brielle and a beggar on the street? Are you with her to play the savior now?"
"I could always renounce my inheritance. Antonio's been back in Beaconsfield for a while, hasn't he? He could take over."
Antonio was William's son.
Martha was suddenly at a loss for words, struggling to believe what she was hearing. He had been declared the successor at just ten years old. He had navigated through tumultuous trials and had some close shaves just to get this prestigious position, and now he was ready to give it all up? It was sheer madness.
In an instant, Martha felt as if her world was crumbling, a seething rage threatening to destroy everything in the room! But she could not act on it. Max's few words held her life's work in the balance.
Her fingertips trembled, and her lips were so tightly pressed together that they began to bleed, the metallic taste of blood filling her mouth.
Brielle must not stay! She had to make that call now!
Outside the door, not too far away, Brielle caught Martha's glance-a look venomous as a viper's hiss, filled with loathsome poison, wishing her dead where she stood.
Brielle couldn't hear what Max was saying, but it was clearly nothing to please Martha. As she stepped back, footsteps approached from behind. Turning, she saw Alivia.
Noticing Brielle had not entered, Alivia's lips curled in scorn. "Well, well, Brielle, showing some sense for once. You know Martha might have a fit seeing you. Hiding out here is probably for the best. After all, your 'relationship' with Max is the kind that's best kept in the dark: Even if Max has defended you before, in Martha's eyes, you're just a plaything for her son, disposable as yesterday's newspaper." Alivia couldn't hide her smugness. She was alone with Brielle, so why should she?
"I can walk right in and chat with Martha while you can only silently watch through the window. That's the difference between you and me. And this is just the beginning, darling. You're in for a rough ride." "Are you done, Ms. Alivia?" Brielle interjected with a frosty glare. "If you don't go in to attend to her, you might miss your chance to see Max. Isn't that why you're here? To sneak a few more seconds with him? It's quite touching, that you care so much about my boyfriend."
Alivia's face flushed with anger and disgust. "Do you actually believe you and Max will last
1/2
12:06
Chapter 577
forever?"
"That's none of your concern."
Alivia let out a cold laugh. Her lips twisted into a smirk as she stepped closer, her voice a whisper. "You know, on one birthday, it was just me, my brother, and Max. We got drunk, and Max and I almost... He kissed me, from my cheek all the way down to my collarbone, confessing he liked me. That was the first time I saw him like that. But I didn't give in to him. You know how persuasive he can be when he wants a woman to fall for him, especially when he's drunk and says he likes you. So very charming."
She was deliberately using the story to nauseate Brielle. Alivia even pulled at her blouse, revealing an old bite mark on her shoulder-a testament to the intensity of that long-ago moment.
###Chapter 578
Chapter 578
"This 'little souvenir' is from Max, and if you don't believe me, go and ask him yourself. He and I connect on a soul level. You? You're just his fling, a flash in the pan. When you used those cheap tricks to snag him, you sealed the deal on a relationship that's skin-deep at best. It's only a matter of time before he gets sick of you."
After Alivia spat out her venomous words, she wanted to bask in Brielle's breakdown, but Brielle was way too composed, which made Alivia look like a complete fool. She couldn't believe Brielle didn't care at all. She must've been pretending, right?
Of course, what she had said was a lie. Max was always guarded around women, so how could he have let her get that close? She made up the whole thing, knowing Brielle wouldn't bother to check the story with Max. As long as it wasn't verified, it might as well be true.
"So, he kissed you?" Brielle chuckled lightly. "I can't be bothered to verify whether that's true or not. And even if it is, what of it? Anything he hasn't done with you, he does with me every single night. But I don't parade it around because it's just another mundane detail."
Alivia's face turned ashen, her chest quivering with rage. She was utterly humiliated!
But the fact was, Max and Brielle indeed has sex!
Brielle even unbuttoned the top button of her blouse, revealing a dusting of pink marks underneath. "Max bit you, Ms. Alivia? That must've hurt. He wouldn't dream of being so rough with me."
Her words were a low blow. Brielle was repulsed by her own pettiness after saying it. But Alivia had asked for it, barging in like that while Brielle was in a foul mood, making herself a perfect target. She deserved it.
The marks were faint pink, a testament to tenderness, to how cherished she was. In stark contrast to the bite, they were like countless slaps across Alivia's face.
Shaking with anger and not knowing how to respond, Alivia was snapped back to reality by Martha's voice from inside the room. "Alivia, if you're here, come on in. Why waste time talking to nobodies?" Alivia, struggling to keep her composure and not fall apart on the spot, shot Brielle a hateful glare, took a deep breath, and walked inside with a forced smile.
Brielle stood still, overhearing Martha's voice again. "Alivia, let me look at you; have you lost weight? I told the doctors not to worry you about my condition. You've got your hands full with work. I hear the institute has started to accept applications?"
"Martha, no matter how busy I am, I'll always make time to see you."
Martha's face was all smiles, trying to dispel the gloom Max had brought her. She glanced out the window, noting that Brielle was no longer there. "Alivia, has someone been giving you trouble?"
12.07
Chapter 578
Alivia didn't answer right away, instinctively turning to Max.
Max stood unflappable, his voice rich and deep. "Brielle doesn't start fights." The implication was clear: if you got bullied, you were asking for it.
Having been humiliated by Brielle and now belittled by Max, Alivia's eyes reddened instantly.
Martha was livid, nearly fainting with frustration. She took Alivia's hand and patted it reassuringly. "Alivia, darling, I heard you asked the cook to prepare some soup. Why don't you check on it? Max and I need to finish our conversation. Remember, don't waste your time chatting with the riff-raff outside."
Alivia nodded, her eyes still red but her face composed. "Max, I'll step out."
Max gave a noncommittal grunt, clearly not interested in further dialogue.
Alivia clenched her fists at her sides as she left, her eyes seething with resentment.
###Chapter 579
Chapter 579
Brielle had stealthily retreated fifty meters away from the window, the bone-chilling breeze of the evening slicing through her skin and settling deep into her marrow. She slapped her cheeks in an attempt to stay alert, a movement that sent a jolt of pain through her wrist.
She had covered her wrist with her sleeve when she went to meet Max. It was winter, after all, and no one could spot the abnormality as long as she didn't take off her coat. However, her recent gesture had been a bit too vigorous, and the freshly stitched wound on her hand throbbed with pain.
Thinking that Max would be a while longer, she slipped into the restroom down the hall. The restroom was spotlessly clean, and just as she rolled up her sleeve, footsteps echoed at the doorway it was Alivia. If she were Alivia, she wouldn't keep putting herself in a position to be humiliated. After all, Max didn't love Alivia, and that was Brielle's trump card.
Alivia stood at the doorway, her arms crossed, her expression stormy. "Martha sent me out and said she had something to discuss privately with Max. I've got no idea what they're talking about or whether Max can hold out, considering Martha is, quite literally, betting her life on
this."
Her gaze fell on Brielle's wrist, her eyebrows lifting slightly, "Oh, did you get hurt? Max is really careless, not even noticing your injury. Aren't you two supposedly up close and personal every night? How could he overlook something like this? He isn't treating you like some sort of sex dall after the lights go out, is he?"
For the first time, Brielle realized just how spiteful Alivia could be. As perfect and composed as she seemed to others, that was how petty and terrible she was when it came to Brielle.
Love could bring out the ugliest sides of a woman, not just in clashes with a rival but also in those heart-wrenching cries for a man.
Brielle usually avoided such disgraceful situations. If someone didn't care for her, she wouldn't abandon her dignity to cling to them.
"Ms. Alivia, you seem so intrigued by my intimate life with Max. Perhaps you'd like me to make a video for you next time?" Brielle quipped as she rolled up her sleeve, a smile on her face. However, seeing the blood-soaked bandage, her brow creased ever so slightly, fearing the wound had reopened.
As she was thinking about whether she should check into the hospital later, she was startled by the sound of high heels approaching.
"You bitch!"
Caught off guard, Alivia yanked Brielle's hand, submerged the injured wrist under the cold tap, and turned the water on full blast. "Deserved! Does it hurt, Brielle?" Chapter 579
The tap water on the wound could easily lead to an infection. Brielle shoved Alivia away, the pain in her wrist sharp and excruciating.
Alivia let out a soft chuckle, her eyes skimming with feigned innocence. "Oops, my bad. That wasn't intentional."
Brielle's forehead beaded with sweat from the pain. The wound was deep and stitched, and now that the bandage was soaked, the blood was beginning to spread.
Alivia flipped her hair. "Looks like your wound is bleeding. Maybe you should take care of it yourself." With that, she turned to leave.
Brielle lowered her gaze, deliberately peeling off the bandage, her tone indifferent, "Did I say your could leave?"
Alivia's footsteps faltered, her sneer returning. "Oh? And what do you plan to do about it?"
It was just the two of them in this place. Even if Alivia had committed such an outrageous act, what of it? With Brielle's temperament, she surely wouldn't tattle to Max. That confidence emboldened Alivia to act. Brielle was a stubborn, independent woman. She tended to carry her burdens alone, much like Max. They were both attempting to navigate the complex process of love, a journey that could easily be thrown off course. With Michael's interference and Martha putting pressure on Max, while Brielle was caught up with the company's business, it was the perfect opening for Alivia to seize her opportunity.
She was certain Brielle wouldn't dare retaliate. After all, in all of Beaconsfield, no one dared cross her. She was Miss Barnes of the Barnes family.
Brielle's eyes remained downcast, unwinding the bandage from her wrist coil by coil and discarding it, then lifted her gaze to meet Alivia's. The icy chill in her eyes was piercing, making Alivia feel uncomfortable all over.
How could Brielle look at her with such eyes?! Alivia's brow furrowed. She usually looked at others in that way.
"Brielle, I'd advise you to watch your gaze, or else I might just tear. that wound right open."
###Chapter 580
Chapter 580
No sooner had the words left her lips than Brielle advanced, shoving her forcefully toward the sink. Alivia's face drained of color from the pain, her whole being trapped In a mix of shock and fear, "Brielle! What do you think you're doing?!"
Brielle had trained in Taekwondo and was a black belt no less. Even with an injured hand, it didn't stop her from exerting force. Using her uninjured hand, she pressed Alivia's head under the faucet and turned on the cold tap. The shock of the cold water made Alivia want to scream, her mind filled with nothing but astonishment.
"Thanks, Ms. Alivia, for washing my hands. Tit for tat, I'm just returning the favor with a hair wash- no thanks needed."
Alivia struggled furiously, but all her efforts were as futile as throwing stones into the ocean. She was the youngest head of research, a spoiled lady of the Barnes family. Everyone else treated her with the utmost respect, and here was Brielle, daring to manhandle her into a sink.
This damn bitch!
No matter how angry she was, she couldn't break free from Brielle's grip. The cold was biting. In this weather, having her head doused in cold water leeched away all her strength.
Before slowly letting go, Brielle cranked the water to full blast, ensuring Alivia's entire head was submerged. Her wrist was still bleeding, the blood spreading in the water with a rusty taint.
"Ms. Alivia, an eye for an eye. How's that for a refreshing winter hair wash?" Brielle's tone was infuriatingly nonchalant. Releasing her grip, Brielle left promptly, avoiding any further madness from Alivia.
The hallway had other servants. Alivia wouldn't dare chase after her, not wanting to tarnish her image as the Barnes family's treasured jewel.
"Ah!" Alivia's rage echoed from inside. Even in this furious state, she was concerned about being seen in such disarray, so she was both restrained and resentful.
She glared at Brielle's retreating back. Her fingertips curled so tightly that her nails nearly pierced her skin. She had never hated someone so much, wishing they would just disappear.
She was determined to make Brielle pay the price! What right did this charity home upstart have to compare herself to her?
Alivia sneezed, her lips turning a pale shade of purple from the chill. She wrapped her arms around herself, grinding her teeth in anger, tasting the metallic tang of blood.
After leaving, Brielle received a message from Max, indicating he would be delayed and suggesting she head back home. With her wrist in that condition, she couldn't meet him anyway, so after sending a reply, she hailed a cab and headed for the hospital.
The same doctor who had bandaged her earlier frowned upon seeing her return, especially since the bandage was gone and the wound appeared waterlogged. "Young people these
1/2
12:23
Chapter 580
days... don't you care about your bodies at all? Didn't your boyfriend see you were hurt?" the doctor chastised while rewrapping Brielle's wrist.
Brielle winced, relieved to see the stitches were still intact.
"You must be careful not to get tetanus. That can be deadly," the doctor warned.
"Sure, thanks, Doctor," Brielle responded, feeling utterly drained.
Noticing the weariness in her eyes, the doctor offered some unsolicited advice. "Did you have a fight with your boyfriend?"
"No, we're just both really busy, and his family... they don't exactly warm up to me."
That was putting it mildly. They detested her.
The doctor's expression softened with sympathy, unable to resist a little gossip. "I have a colleague who had the same problem with her in-laws. They made her life miserable, and eventually, the love she had for her husband faded. They divorced last year. Marriage isn't just about two people; it's about two families. If they don't like you now and you can't resolve the issues, it's better to break up sooner than suffer later."
After the doctor's words and a sigh, Brielle stood up slow
Aks." With that, she grabbed
her purse and left.
The doctor shook her head, turning to a nurse, "Did I say something wrong?"
"No, but sometimes the young need to fall in love and get hurt to appreciate old wisdom."
Everyone knew that love without blessing was destined for hardship.
###Chapter 581
Chapter 581
Brielle wrapped her coat tighter around her as she stood outside the hospital, feeling as if the weight of the world was on her shoulders.
Meanwhile, at the sanatorium, Alivia took a moment to compose herself in the restroom. She stared into the mirror, and a cold smirk crossed her lips.
She summoned a nurse into the room, asking about Max's whereabouts. Alivia had her people placed in the sanatorium, and Martha had welcomed them. They were fiercely loyal to her. This nurse was one of her insiders.
Seeing Alivia's disheveled appearance, the nurse paled, rushing to fetch a bath towel.
Alivia's tone was icy, "Is Max still with Martha?"
"No, but he is staying here tonight. His assistant came to see him, and they're having a very important meeting. He made it clear we're not to disturb them. Ms. Alivia, are you alright? Let me take you to get changed. You're so cold; you'll catch a deadly cold if you're not careful."
Good, Max wasn't around.
A sly smile curled at the corners of Alivia's mouth as she glanced at the nurse. "Keep your mouth shut about this. Don't tell Max."
The nurse quickly looked down, pretending she hadn't seen a thing.
Alivia left the restroom and headed directly toward Martha's room. Martha was sitting up in bed, still fuming over Max's stubbornness, feeling a sharp pain in her chest. Taking in Alivia's wet hair and purple lips, she was about to jump out of bed with worry.
"Alivia! What on earth happened to you?"
Alivia's shoulders shook, and her eyes reddened, tears silently falling.
Martha's expression darkened, "Max wouldn't do this. No matter how angry he is, he wouldn't lay a hand on you. What really happened?"
Alivia choked back a sob, wiping her tears. “Martha, I'm alright, don't worry, about me. I just
came to see how you were.'
Martha grabbed her hand and firmly made her sit down, retrieving a clean towel from her room and placing it on Alivia's head. "Alivia, I've watched you grow up, and I consider you like my own daughter. You can rest assured. You'll be the one to marry my son."
Hearing this, a gleam of triumph flickered in Alivia's eyes, though her voice sounded even more distressed. "I know, but Max is fond of Brielle now. I won't force him."
"Why not just make Brielle disappear from this world?" Martha's eyes were sharp, but her voice was soothing as she dried Alivia's hair. "I won't let her stand in the way of you and Max. Who did this to you? Was it that bitch?"
1/2
12-23
Alvia hesitated, then sighed heavily. "It was her. I saw her outside just now. She probably thought I was here to see Max. I didn't expect her to be so strong. She pushed me against the washbasin, telling me to stay away from Max."
Martha was vid. She already despised Brielle, and now even more so. "How could she treat Ike this! Sshe's nothing but an orphan from a charity home. She doesn't know her place!"
"Martha, I'm fine. Let's not tell Max about this. Even if we did, he wouldn't do anything to Brielle. He would only think that I am making a fuss for no reason."
Alvia's eyes showed a well-timed hint of sorrow, eliciting Martha's sympathy. "Go change your clothes. You're too honest for your own good, letting that bitch bully you. You've been raised too well just like your brother. Both of you are too gentle."
Alivia's mother, Daisy, was renowned for her good temper and stunning beauty. Martha and Daisy were close friends for years, but since Martha had moved abroad, she had cut ties with everyone, not wanting her illness to become a source of pity.
"My mother often speaks of your health, Martha. Everyone hopes you get well soon."
Martha rubbed her temples, her expression melancholic as she looked at Alivia. "It's been a long time since I've seen Daisy. With my condition, I'd rather not see anyone until I'm better. Then I can catch up with them. But you... Daisy has made you too soft, and that's why you're being bullied by someone like Brielle, who's nothing but a wild child from the charity home. No wonder she behaves so badly."
A deeper smile hid in Alivia's eyes as she bowed her head, remaining silent.
###Chapter 582
Chapter 582
Brielle had just returned to the grandeur of the Premier Palace, her presence igniting a spark in Wesley's eyes as he caught sight of her. "Mr. Max mentioned earlier that you wouldn't be back tonight. Luckily, I had the kitchen whip up an extra dinner just in case. Ms. Brielle, have you had your meal yet? Both you and him have been burning the midnight oil lately. You've got to take care of your health." Indeed, the recent ordeal had left her a shade paler than usual. But with her appetite eluding her, she politely declined Wesley's offer.
Sensing her mood, Wesley couldn't help but inquire. "If you're feeling down, perhaps a good book might lift your spirits? Or a stroll in the garden to admire the flowers? You've been at the Premier Palace for a while now, but you've hardly had the chance to explore. There's even a grand private cinema here, though Mr. Max never really uses it. He rarely watches movies."
Max was a man who seldom paused his relentless pace. His rare moments of leisure mostly involved catching up with a few friends or spending time alone with a book and a cup of coffee, occasionally indulging in a fine glass of red wine.
After dating Max, Brielle had never really shared much about his past. However, tonight, with Victoria and Alivia's reminders, her curiosity was piqued.
"Wesley, do you have any pictures of him as a kid?"
Wesley paused, then shook his head with a hint of regret.
"He hardly left behind any childhood photos. No photographer enjoys snapping pictures of a kid who won't smile, and he himself was always resistant to the idea. The photo you see of him in the financial papers? They've been recycling the same one for years. That's practically the only picture of him in existence."
Brielle felt a twinge of disappointment. She really wanted to know what Max had looked like as
a child.
Wesley's eyes twinkled with mirth, his lips curving into a smile. "However, I'd say he looked much the same as a kid-just a mini version of his current self. Chiseled like a sculpture, he had the air of a cherubic angel. There were plenty of young ladies who would sneak glances at him. Anyone who managed to exchange a few words with him would brag about it for days in their circles."
Brielle's heart softened at the thought, a vivid image forming in her mind. A pint-sized Max stood aloofly at the periphery of a bustling party, his icy gaze surveying the adults mingling with their clinking glasses. Dressed in a tailor-made black suit and seeming to exist in a realm of his own. Untouched by the surrounding revelry.
The regret of not having shared in his past experiences was palpable.
"In truth, there wasn't much excitement in his younger days. Ms. Martha always had high hopes for him. As soon as he could walk, he was reciting classics and poetry and even started
12.24
Chapter 582
attending finance lectures at a tender age. When he wasn't competing in contests around the world, he was on his way to one. He was busier than most adults in their circle, and he'd often work himself to the brink of exhaustion, running fevers as high as a hundred and four degrees. Michael sometimes couldn't bear to watch Martha push him so hard, but perhaps it was her methods that shaped the man he is today."
Max's childhood had always been shadowed by Martha's presence. Now that Martha was using her own life as a bargaining chip, it was naturally distressing for him.
Wesley watched Brielle fall into contemplation and instructed the kitchen to prepare a light. soothing soup. "Ms. Brielle, you should rest after you finish your soup."
Brielle couldn't refuse. After sipping the warm broth, she washed up and settled into bed. Just as sleep was about to claim her, Wesley's words echoed in her mind, and she couldn't resist. She reached for her phone and shot Max a message.
[Is the meeting over yet?]
(Yeah, just wrapping up some data with Patrick.]
[Could you send me a picture of yourself?]
Max froze as he read the message, a flush of warmth creeping up his ears. He rarely took photos, to the point of almost never. He had reused an old photograph for an interview with a leading international newspaper abroad. Being in front of a camera made him uncomfortable. unsure of what expression to wear.
However, without hesitation, he handed his phone to Patrick.
"Patrick."
At the sound of his name, Patrick, engrossed in data, thought something was amiss and looked up in alarm. "Snap a photo for me."
Patrick's grip faltered, his pen streaking an unintended line across the paper. He gaped in disbelief, half-convinced he was hallucinating. "Sir?"
Max's face was a mask of calm, but under the brilliant overhead lights, the sharpness of his features seemed to soften. "I said, take a picture of me."
###Chapter 583
Chapter 583
Patrick certainly overheard the comment, and while such an occurrence might not have seemed out of the ordinary for someone else, it was utterly preposterous when it came to Max. Patrick been at Max's side for so many years, but he had never known Max to take a photo.
That one time, years ago, it was only after the editor-in-chief of the financial report had practically begged on bended knees that Max had reluctantly agreed.
After getting Max's phone, Patrick found the whole situation rather surreal. Yet, considering the CEO had recently made video calls, breaking the routine just this once didn't seem too outlandish.
In the camera lens, Max maintained his usual expression. His face was as if perennially kissed by frost, but Patrick could sense that frost was slowly thawing. After snapping a picture, he handed the phone back to Max.
Max scrutinized the photo, and his brows knitted together. "Does it look alright?"
Patrick nearly choked upon hearing that. If Max's face wasn't handsome, then no one on earth could claim the title!
How many men envied his looks, perhaps even more than they coveted his talent! There was even a time when a Hollywood heartthrob declared that he'd undergo plastic surgery in a heartbeat if any clinic could sculpt him into Max's likeness.
"Sir, it's perfect as is."
Patrick wasn't just buttering him up; as a man, he genuinely believed that face had no bad angles, up close or from afar.
On the other end, Brielle regretted sending her message just minutes after it went out. Wesley had mentioned that Max disliked taking photos, yet she had made such a request, especially when he was already troubled with various matters - it was rather thoughtless of her.
As Max didn't reply immediately, she hurriedly began to compose another message. [Actually, I was just kidding. You don't have to send one; how about I send you one of mine instead?] But just as she finished editing the message and before she could send it, her phone pinged. It was Max's photo, the same frosty visage but with an obvious attempt to accommodate the
camera.
Brielle's fingers froze as if the gates to a sealed valley had been flung open, letting in an endless gale. She felt the gentlest of cherishing from the world, more precious than anything else.
At a loss for words, her lips parted, but her eyes unexpectedly reddened. She quickly saved the photo, even creating a hidden folder for it. After all, this was probably the second photo of Max in existence, and it deserved to be treasured.
1/2
12:21
Chapter 583
As Max awaited her response, the lack thereof had him frowning, wondering if the photo was indeed unflattering. Just as he moved to type, Brielle's emoji blew in. It was a kiss emoji. This was the first time Brielle had sent such an emoji.
Max pondered for a moment before turning to Patrick. "Patrick."
Patrick was still reeling from the recent shock, his mind a jumble. At the sound of his name, he braced for another bombshell. "Sir, what is it?"
"How do you take a screenshot?"
Before Max met Brielle, his phone was used solely for communication. He'd never unlocked any other functions.
Patrick quickly leaned over his screen, pointing to Brielle's expression - was Max really going to take a screenshot of this? He couldn't help but smile, Brielle probably was the only one who could make Max do such a thing. Swiftly, he pulled down the screen for him and pointed at a particular icon, "Press here for a screenshot, and it'll automatically save to your gallery."
Max nodded and did as instructed, capturing the image.
Patrick couldn't help but feel a touch envious, witnessing two romance novices navigate love. Even a workaholic like Max was getting into the game. Perhaps it was time Patrick found a girlfriend, too. Otherwise, all this sweetness was going to leave him feeling lonely.
Max sent back a kiss emoji in reply. Brielle laughed out loud upon seeing it, and without a second thought, she took her own screenshot.
After exchanging goodnights, they both went about their evenings.
Max was so wonderful, and Brielle would never waver in her decision to be with him. She had to grow up fast, within half a year – no matter how exhausting, it didn't matter.
After bidding goodnight, Max dove back into his work, eager to wrap up the overseas acquisition. He needed to catch a breath to increase the chances of him and Brielle seeing each other again.
###Chapter 584
Chapter 584
In the wee hours of the morning, around 3 a.m., the doctor came looking for Max with news that Martha had refused further medication.
Max slowly lifted his head, his tone steady. "Inject her with a sedative."
The doctor hesitated. "But Ms. Martha is quite resistant. About sedatives, we need her consent."
"Then slip the medication into her food. Make her sleep through it."
Reluctantly, the doctor nodded and passed the message to the rest of the staff.
Since Alivia had her people in the sanatorium, she quickly learned of these developments. She hadn't expected Max to be so forceful, to actually lace his mother's food with sleeping agents. A flicker of spite crossed her eyes, and her lips curled in a smirk.
"Tomorrow morning, when you're tending to Martha, let slip this little tidbit. But be discreet. Just pretend you're chatting and make sure she overhears."
"Understood, Ms. Alivia. You can count on us to carry out the task."
After hanging up, Alivia snorted. This way, Max's trick would be useless. Martha would probably refuse to eat altogether, standing her ground against him.
If Brielle had the nerve to treat her like this, she'd better be prepared for the consequences.
Alivia took a deep breath and sneezed, feeling the indelible humiliation in the bathroom imprinted in her mind..
The next morning, Brielle arrived early at Stellar Stage Entertainment.
No sooner had she settled into her office than Keagan, reveling in schadenfreude, said, "Ms. Haywood, I heard that several executives made a beeline for Dorsey International this morning, probably to tattle." Brielle looked up, a flicker of confusion in her eyes.
Keagan raised an eyebrow. Despite his secret mission to monitor Brielle's every move, he couldn't help but feel a surge of irritation toward her, wishing for her swift downfall. Those execs had already made their way to Dorsey International. By now, they were likely standing in the CEO's office.
His gaze on Brielle was tinged with sympathy. Brielle had someone in her corner at Dorsey International, but those guys went straight to Max, the CEO, which spelled trouble. Everyone knew Max was a hard man; if he got wind of Brielle's actions, she'd be out on her ear.
As Keagan eyed Brielle, greed flashed in his gaze. Truth be told, he'd been smitten with her looks from the get-go. He'd been around the block in showbiz, but her face was the one that haunted him-the cool elegance of a lily, making one wonder what she'd look like undone.
1/2
12:21
Chapter 584
If Brielle were to be fired, especially by the CEO of Dorsey International, the fallout would be immense. Her career prospects would dim, and then, with a little favor from him, perhaps she'd be groveling for mercy under him-what a delightful prospect.
"Ms. Haywood, I reckon you'll be getting a call from Dorsey International any minute now, inviting you over in person. Of all the people they sent over, you're the only one they're hauling up to Dorsey Tower to face the music. Not sure if that's an honor or a curse."
He expected his words to unnerve Brielle, but she merely reached for some documents nearby. "After the cuts to the year-end bonus, how much capital can we free up?"
Keagan's face stiffened, his frustration with her palpable. Just wait, you witch! That call from Dorsey International would come any minute now.
"Thirty million."
"Good. Reach out to our writers and directors. We're putting thirty million into production and slotting Ricardo in. The company needs a cash cow, a new A-lister. Ricardo has the looks and the charm." Keagan scoffed, sizing up Brielle, wondering if she really thought she could get away with favoring one actor so blatantly. He had thought her above such games, but it seemed she, too, played the sugar- momma card.
"Ms. Haywood, I fear you'll be disappointed. The company hasn't built any real connections over the years, and someone's been greasing palms-none of those directors will work with
us."
Brielle looked up, her gaze direct. "That is disappointing. Years have gone by, and not a single connection or talent has developed. Lucky for me, I've found a promising new face."
She needed to get Aubree in ASAP. With her looks, she'd be a sensation on exposure. Perhaps she and Ricardo would become Stellar Stage Entertainment's top billers.
Keagan's face went from white to red, a spectacle of emotion. Fuming, he turned to leave. As he reached for the door, Brielle's voice rang out again, "Close the door gently, will you? Or next time, it won't just be out of the office."
This implied, of course, that it could mean out of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Keagan gripped the doorknob tightly. Damn her! Where did this infuriating Brielle spring from?
###Chapter 585
Chapter 585
By the time he left, Brielle's gaze fell upon the pile of data sprawled across her desk. She had already arranged Aubree for the performance teacher.
In the world of showbiz, even a pretty face could ignite a wildfire of fame. For now, she had decided to set aside her plans to focus on grooming other talents. After all, the success of a single A-lister could propel a company to go public. As the company flourished, so would the influx of resources, paving the way for others to shine.
One star's rise could lift all those in their orbit. Her bets were placed on Aubree and Ricardo.
A smile tugged at Brielle's lips as she envisioned nurturing her best friend into a top-tier celebrity, sweeping her away from no-good men, and letting her star shine on the international stage. It felt like she had discovered her true calling within the walls of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Her eyes sparkled with a radiant light, and she couldn't help but shoot a text to Aubree. [One day, I hope to walk you down the red carpet at the Oscars.]
At that moment, Aubree had already arrived at Stellar Stage Entertainment, forewarned by Brielle of the upcoming hectic schedule. Aubree was the kind of person who dove into action immediately, lest she found herself with too much idle time, with her thoughts drifting back to Andrew.
She met with the performance coach, who was already singing her praises. "So, you're Aubree, right? Have you studied acting before? You have excellent control over your micro-expressions, and there's a spark in your eyes, a captivating spirit. Who signed you?"
Among the remaining artists, most had chosen to stay, captivated by the new CEO's promise of change. A woman, whose actions were assertive and decisive, had outsmarted all the executives. Could their moment in the spotlight be just around the corner?
Aubree, eager to build hype for Brielle, couldn't help but puff up with pride. "Of course, it was Ms. Haywood. She has promised we're going to Hollywood!"
The pinnacle for local stars was to break into Hollywood, but even the most celebrated actresses in town often played second fiddle to those titans.
Once relegated to never seeing a script at Stellar Stage Entertainment, they now had a woman telling them that Ms. Haywood's ambition was to take them to Hollywood. If word got out in the industry, they'd likely be met with laughter.
Who was this woman called Brielle to make such bold claims? Yet, inexplicably, they believed her.
Brielle's arrival at Stellar Stage Entertainment was like a beam of light piercing through the dark, sincere and pure, banishing all shadows. Stellar Stage Entertainment was vast, a playground for countless executives to live their hedonistic dreams. It was also tiny, too small to house even a sliver of their aspirations.
1/2
12:22
Brielle had freed them from that cramped and gloomy corner. Perhaps they, too, could dream?
Although Aubree hadn't made a splash in her previous gigs, she had picked up a thing or two about the ways of the world from her time in the Industry, and she could tell the young hopefuls were on the brink of belief.
"If she could make such promises, then I would believe her.".
The others in the room chimed in with newfound fervor.
"Yeah, we believe in her. After Ms. Haywood arrived, the sleazy boss who harassed me got the boot."
"She's fierce and cut ties with so many. We're betting on her. One of us is bound to become an international sensation!"
"Enough talk. Let's get back to training with the coach."
The room was suddenly ablaze with passion.
T
Witnessing this scene, even the coach felt a lump in his throat. After years at Stellar Stage Entertainment, drawing a meager salary and facing a parade of lifeless faces, this was the first time he saw hope and ambition in these young eyes. Could Brielle really lead them all to glory?
Strangely, despite knowing little about her, he found himself believing in her too. She was Brielle, and she had dared where others hadn't.
Hollywood was the goal, and perhaps that day wasn't so far off after all.
###Chapter 586
Chapter 586
Brielle was blissfully unaware of the silent upheavals taking place within the walls of Stellar Stage Entertainment. She had tried reaching out to some high-profile directors, only to be met with a unanimous chorus of rejections.
Next, she tried her luck with renowned screenwriters, but just like the directors, the moment they heard the name Stellar Stage Entertainment, they wouldn't waste another breath. promptly hanging up the phone. It became clear to Brielle that Alivia must have tipped them off.
Alivia's brother, Kenzo, was a top-tier screenwriter, a veritable Midas of the domestic scene. Anything he penned was almost guaranteed to turn into a cultural phenomenon, dominating ratings. To collaborate with him was a dream for many directors, who would go to great lengths for the opportunity. Thus, as Kenzo's sister, they most certainly owed her that courtesy.
Offending a relatively unknown entity like Stellar Stage Entertainment was just a small price to
pay.
Without a director or a script, even with talented actors at hand, Brielle was at a standstill. Rubbing her temples, she fixed her gaze on one particular name.
This director had once bagged the coveted Best Director award, only to fall from grace when allegations of domestic violence surfaced. The awards committee even rescinded his trophy. The man in question was John. Brielle knew she had to meet him. If possible, she could commission a tailor-made script for Aubree and Ricardo. It was a gamble, but since taking over Stellar Stage Entertainment, every move had been a roll of the dice.
She rose from her desk and strode out of the office, only to bump into Ricardo just outside her door. Perfect timing-she had wanted to take him along to meet John.
"Ricardo, do you know of John?"
Ricardo looked rather sheepish, his youth evident at nineteen, as he stood quietly. "Ms. Haywood, are you referring to John, the director? He had his moment with winning an award but fell out of grace due to the abuse and infidelity scandal. He's been blacklisted by investors, and after losing a nasty divorce, he's left with nothing. I've heard he's been haunting the fringes of the studio lots, hoping someone would give him a chance. But his reputation is in tatters."
"I want to meet him."
"Ms. Haywood, I happen to know where he lives."
Brielle was surprised. John had shunned all interviews, and with the incident five years behind him, it was unlikely anyone knew his whereabouts. How did Ricardo come to know about them? A flush crept over Ricardo's face as he muttered, "I've worked a lot of jobs. I delivered food to
12:22
Chapter 586
his place once. It's in a run-down neighborhood on the outskirts, hard to find. I'll have to take you there."
Brielle nodded, "Alright, lead the way."
A flicker of something passed through Ricardo's eyes as they headed to the car, with him taking the driver's seat. "Ms. Haywood, let me drive."
With a nod, Brielle settled in, no suspicion in her mind.
The drive to the city outskirts took two hours, compounded by traffic, so it was four in the afternoon by the time they arrived. The road narrowed, marred by the ruts of heavy vehicles. Several times, Brielle nearly hit her head against the window frame due to the bumpy ride.
At the entrance of a narrow alley, Ricardo pulled over. "Ms. Haywood, this is it. We'll follow this alley straight down to where it forks and see John's place. It's a one-story building with white walls plastered with old ads. After you."
With a nod and a smile, Brielle said, "Thanks for your help."
Ricardo, his demeanor still pure, nodded back, "It's what I should do."
Brielle took the lead, walking slowly ahead. Even in daylight, the alley was dim, the setting sun casting long shadows only on the elevated parts. Beaconsfield was a city where opulence and squalor intertwined, a place where sordid alleys clashed with urban splendor-both heaven and hell.
Ricardo silently drew a folding dagger from his sleeve, his gaze sharp, a faint smile touching his lips. He never missed his mark.
"Ricardo, how's your sister's health these days?" Brielle's question was sudden, perhaps seeking to ease the monotony of the walk with some conversation. "What exactly is she suffering from? Has it been tough for you all these years?"
Ricardo's hand paused, just a second away from ensuring Brielle's fate. This was a mission he had to complete.
"Ricardo, I'm seeking out John to craft a script specifically for you and Aubree. I want to make you stars. A young man like you belongs in the spotlight."
Ricardo's movement halted, his eyes flickering. In the spotlight, huh?
###Chapter 587
Chapter 587
The folding dagger in his hand snapped back into its sheath as a smile bloomed across his face. "Ms. Haywood, do you really think my day will come and I'll become a superstar?"
Brielle stopped in her tracks and turned to face him, her gaze resolute. "I don't know, but I'm
going to try."
His three-hundredth mission in life had again ended in failure. Ricardo looked down, a hint of amusement flickering in his eyes. "Hmm, I believe you, Ms. Haywood."
Brielle offered him a small smile in return. "You should smile more, you know. When I first noticed you, your demeanor was elegant, yes, but too hollow. It felt like there was no soul. You know Max, the CEO of Dorsey International, right? You remind me of him."
He's perfect, so perfect it lacked any warmth of life.
"How could I compare myself to someone of Mr. Dorsey's stature."
Unbeknownst to Brielle, she had just been dancing on death's doorstep. She turned and continued walking forward, her tone lighthearted. "There will be a chance. Everyone will know your name, they will like you, and they will idolize you."
Despite being cloaked in shadows herself, she still hoped to bring a sliver of light to others. Brielle, what an odd character.
"Ms. Haywood, we're here." Ricardo pointed ahead to a modest bungalow that, sure enough, was plastered with ads all around, with garbage even spilling out at the entrance.
A few older ladies were sitting on the side of the alley, rolling their eyes skyward at the sight of Brielle.
"Look at that, such a young girl getting into the game. Are jobs that hard to find out there?"
"Keep it down, will ya? I bet this slut's here to steal our business."
"She must be looking for that drunk inside, huh?"
Brielle frowned, momentarily confused by their words.
Ricardo stood behind her, casting a glance at the ladies. Their faces stiffened, turning pale with fear, and they quickly lowered their heads, falling silent. That look he gave them was terrifying as if the Grim Reaper himself had fixed his gaze upon them. They felt like reaching up and checking if their heads were still attached to their necks.
Brielle ignored them and knocked on the door. A hoarse voice came from inside. "It's open. Come on in. The delivery sure is slow today!" Brielle pushed the door open, half-expecting to find a mess to match the alley, but the inside was surprisingly tidy.
There was a small bed, a window that framed the sky, and an array of scripts scattered across
12:22
Chapter 587
the bedding.
John's face was buried in a beard, and on the table were several opened bottles of the strongest kind of whiskeya.
When he spotted two strangers enter, his forehead furrowed. "You folks must have the wrong place?"
Ricardo pulled up a chair for Brielle, who nodded her thanks and then settled down slowly. "Mr. John, we've come to see you. I hear you've been looking for investors?"
John sized up Brielle from head to toe. Her clothes weren't high-end, but they looked effortlessly comfortable on her. The clarity in her eyes, like glass dipped in water, was oddly persuasive. "Yes, but no one's willing to invest."
Brielle's gaze caught a wedding photo on the wall, the bride's face marred by several slashes from a knife, a sight that made one's heart skip a beat. The hatred John held for the woman was evident. "Mr. John, I've seen the movie you directed before. It was good. But I want to know about the most controversial thing you've been criticized for. Did you really commit domestic violence and cheat?" If John's character were truly despicable, she would have never chosen to work with such a man. A person devoid of morals could at any time become a backstabbing blade to their partner. Instantly, John's face twisted with rage, followed by a deep bitterness, as if he wanted to grab the knife beside him and carve a few more lines into the face of the woman in the photo. "No, I never laid a hand on her."
"What's the truth, then?"
John closed his eyes, rubbing his temples as if he had aged years in a moment. "She cheated on me. I caught her in the act. She's a top director back home and one of the few women in that position. She feared I would expose her infidelity and ruin her.career, so she accused me of domestic violence. She conspired with her lawyer to leave me with nothing. Everything I had worked for over the years... gone."
His voice grew hoarse, and his eyes dimmed. "That bitch even carried someone else's child. If I hadn't caught them, I might have ended up raising the kid, none the wiser. I'm here because of her! All her doing! Now she's still a top director, untouchable, while I'm treated like vermin, scorned by everyone!"
The injustice of it all was unbearable. His life had turned out to be more tragic and dramatic than any film.
###Chapter 588
Chapter 588
Brielle's face showed little emotion as she took in her surroundings. She had seen the dark underbelly of high society and was not shocked by the depths people could sink to. "You can trust a person's heart." she mused, "but never their nature."
"John, are these scripts strewn all over your bed, your work?"
John's face was a map of decay, his eyes brimming with a forlorn hope as he nodded weakly. "Yes, they're all part of a single script, penned by my protégé. He passed away last year... leukemia. I had no money for his treatment and couldn't borrow any. I begged my ex-wife for help."
But the help he sought came at the price of his dignity. She demanded he kneel, promising financial aid if he did. John did kneel, only to be met with her laughter and a hundred-dollar bill thrown at his face as a cruel joke. "Can't believe you actually did it. I was just kidding! Here's something for your troubles. It probably won't even cover the cab fare. Consider it a token from me."
John was humiliated beyond words, but any thoughts of retaliation were futile, given the group of bodyguards that shadowed the woman.
"John, how could I possibly let you stand back up? No, you stay right there in that filthy, stinking hole you call home."
Brielle didn't dwell on the turmoil in John's eyes. Instead, she picked up the script and began to read. It was a story of life at the bottom rung: a brother and sister struggling against a relentless fate, a stark and profound narrative.
The script caught Brielle's attention immediately. It had a raw authenticity that outshone the convoluted plots that required explanations to comprehend.
"Your protégé had a real talent," she said.
John's eyes welled up with tears, his body shaking with silent sobs. The script was indeed a gem, filled with the solidarity of the downtrodden and the tragedies of the insignificant.
"John, would you like to bring this script to life? I'm sure you wouldn't want it to fall into the wrong hands. Tell me, how much investment would it take?"
John looked up in disbelief, hope flickering in his eyes. Could it be possible someone still believed in his vision?
"I've been studying this script for years. I know it inside out. I need twenty million, not inclusive of the stars' salaries. You know how expensive A-listers are; this might barely cover their fees." Brielle's lips curled into a smile. "I have no intention of hiring A-listers. What about this young man to play the brother? And I already have someone in mind for the sister. If they don't meet your standards, you can replace them anytime. We have plenty of fresh talent at the company."
Chapter 588
John's excitement was palpable, but doubt soon clouded his eyes again. "Will audiences still pay to see a movie of mine?"
"That's why we need to clear your name before the film's release. You focus on the script and the actors; leave the rest to me." Brielle glanced around the modest room. "I'm glad to see such a clean space. It shows you've been waiting for a chance. Now it's here, and I hope you seize it. Ricardo here is a great kid. I'm sure he can play the brother and nail it."
John swallowed hard, his gaze settling on Ricardo before nodding in agreement. "Okay, but I'll need to see him audition."
"Alright then, John. Come with me to the company. We've got plenty of rooms where you can sleep. It's better than staying here."
John's hands trembled with emotion as he tried to fold his clothes, a futile effort as they remained disheveled.
Ricardo stepped in to help. "John, let me do that for you."
John offered him a shaky smile. "I can manage. Just give me a moment."
12
###Chapter 589
Chapter 589
Ricardo remained silent, standing quietly to the side.
John really didn't have much to pack. Everything he owned wouldn't even fill a small suitcase. His gaze lingered on the wedding photo by his bed, perforated with holes, and he pursed his lips tightly. He'd never imagined the day he would walk out of this place.
Seeing that John had finally mustered his courage, Brielle stood up. "John, let me lay it out straight for you. By joining Stellar Stage Entertainment, you'll become an exclusive director under our banner. We'll back movie after movie for you, but the only condition is you give first dibs to actors from our own roster. Of course, I'll allow you to choose the ones you're most satisfied with. If none meet your standards, I won't stop you from looking elsewhere, but our talent must be your first port of call."
This requirement actually gave John complete freedom. At least it didn't limit him to choosing actors only from Stellar Stage Entertainment.
"Alright, I agree."
Brielle then extended her hand. "I'm Brielle Haywood, the current president of Stellar Stage Entertainment. This here is Ricardo, one of our signed actors without a major work to his name yet. I hope you'll guide him well in the future."
A tremor quivered through John's lips as he grasped her hand, his voice hoarse with emotion. "Thank you, Ms. Haywood. This is a momentous day for me."
Years later, when John would recall this moment, he'd still feel a profound sense of gratitude. By then, he'd have an Oscar for Best Director under his belt, a pioneer among filmmakers. He'd always say the person he was most thankful to was Brielle, who pulled him out of the mire. She's his close friend, his confidant. Her timely help would be something he'd remember for a
lifetime.
Walking out of the alley, John tried to memorize every detail of the place. In truth, aside from a narrow passage and the moss climbing the walls, there was nothing much to remember. It was the most desolate scene he'd ever witnessed, yet it was etched in his heart.
Perhaps this very experience drove him to focus on the underdogs in his later works, stirring a deep resonance in his audience. He captured the lives of the unknown, turning himself into a celebrated hero. The three of them stood by the car. Brielle heard Ricardo say, "Ms. Haywood, I've got some other matters to attend to, so I won't be heading back to the office just yet."
Brielle nodded, ready to take the driver's seat, but John stopped her. "I'll drive."
Without ion, Brielle got into the car, and as they drove off, she caught a glimpse of Ricardo in the rearview mirror.
Standing still, he slowly shrank into a tiny dot as the car drove away and around a bend,
12:32
Chapter 589
disappearing from view.
Ricardo looked up at the orange-hued sky, which seemed particularly beautiful against the backdrop of decay. The allure of standing in the sunlight was indeed a tempting thought.
Footsteps approached from around the corner, and a man's voice rang out. "Ricardo, this is your first failed mission, isn't it?"
Ricardo didn't turn around but instead looked at his palm. His hands were stained with blood, and he's a man burdened with sin. Could he truly stand in the spotlight?
The man had stopped right behind Ricardo, chuckling coldly, "So, the infamous Chameleon, the master of disguise, has a soft heart after all?"
The clean aura around Ricardo shifted, becoming ominously dark as if he were a man who had emerged from a mountain of corpses. "So what? Whether I fail a mission or not is none of your business." "You better keep that backbone when you're facing the boss."
The mention of the boss caused Ricardo's expression to freeze. Then, a dagger slipped from his sleeve and flew towards the man. It grazed the man's cheek, leaving a thin line of blood before embedding itself in the mottled wall behind him.
The man lifted a finger to his cheek, wiped off the blood, and tasted it.
Salty, metallic, like the taste of rust.
"Had you done that just now, Brielle would be dead."
"I'll take my punishment on my own terms. Say one more word, and I'll kill you right here!"
It seemed the man truly feared Ricardo as he kept silent.
Ricardo's eyes seethed with murderous intent as he pulled the dagger from the wall, plaster crumbling with it. He slid the dagger back into his sleeve. "You've dirtied my blade."
The man was agitated. His chest was heaving as he spat out, "Do you think Brielle would still believe you belong in the spotlight if she saw you like this? Give it up. How could a normal person ever pity a monster? Don't forget how your sister died. You were already deceived once. Do you really want to be fooled again?"
Ricardo laughed softly, his fangs bared. "If she deceives me, I'll use this dagger to slice off her flesh piece by piece and feed it to the stray dogs on the streets."
###Chapter 590
Chapter 590
The man fell silent. After all, this was hardly a shocking request to "Chameleon," the moniker that had been bestowed upon him due to his uncanny ability to slip into any persona without arousing suspicion. Ricardo was known for his knack for playing any part perfectly. His relentless drive stemmed from a desire to avoid the violent urges that consumed him if he didn't witness death regularly. Thus, he took on countless jobs, never once failing to complete his assignments.
Psychologists had once analyzed Ricardo, branding him as inherently wicked and a natural-born pretender. They claimed he could be anyone he wanted to be, provided the inclination was there. The task of eliminating Brielle should have been a breeze, especially since Ricardo had earned all of her trust.
He could have easily thrown his dagger, ending Brielle's life and her presence in this world for good. Yet, the words Brielle spoke halted him in his tracks, words no one had ever dared to utter to him before. The man observing from a short distance arched an eyebrow at Ricardo's moment of contemplation. "I bet the first time you got played, they promised to stick by you, too, right? But after she witnessed your ruthlessness, she couldn't wait to scream for the cops. No matter how good you were to her, she saw you as nothing but a monster without a conscience. Brielle's no different. You're not seriously considering taking the fall for her, are you? With your skills, you could easily take her out at Stellar Stage Entertainment without breaking a sweat."
The corner of Ricardo's eye twitched as if tainted with venom. "The people I want dead don't live to see tomorrow. I try my hardest to ensure the ones I don't want to kill see the light of day."
The man snorted coldly, leaning against the wall before striding away, leaving behind a parting shot. "Suit yourself, but if you fail, the boss won't be forgiving."
Once the man left, Ricardo's demeanor shifted again, reverting to that pure and unsullied character smitten with just a smile from Brielle.
The Chameleon was so adept at his masquerade that he could even make himself forget who he really was. Now, he was Ricardo, the man who needed Brielle's hand to pull him out of the mire. She'd better be there to lend it. And she'd better not let go. Otherwise...
Brielle's car was already parked in the underground lot of Stellar Stage Entertainment. Upon reaching her office floor, she summoned someone, arranging for John to be taken to a secluded, spacious room to rest. From now on, John could sleep at the company, and the cafeteria would provide three square meals a day.
John's face was too recognizable in the entertainment industry. Brielle worried that revealing him too soon could alert his wife, so it was best to keep him hidden until everything was ready. Chapter 590
The person she called upon was a man of few words, often seen around this floor. While most of the executives had initially treated her with condescension, this man always respectfully addressed her as "Ms. Haywood."
After leading John to his new quarters, Brielle instructed the man. "This room has a private lounge, kitchen, and bedroom. From now on, it will be John's room. If he needs anything, you'll be the one to get it for him. Remember, don't mention John's presence here to anyone."
The man eagerly nodded, a spark of excitement in his eyes. Ms. Haywood had finally noticed him!
"I'll complete the mission!"
Unaware of his excitement, Brielle finished delegating the task and then turned to John. "Do you find the room to your liking, John?"
John had never imagined that such a space existed within the walls of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Brielle chose not to delve into the origins of the room, alluding only to the fact that former executives who had been let go had been too indulgent with company funds, creating several such suites for their entertainment.
"I'm very satisfied," John said, looking around the 80-square meter space, which was ample for
one person.
Brielle nodded, explaining, "I could go out and find you a place, but as you know, we can't expose your face right now. If the media gets wind of it, people will know you're planning a movie, and we don't want to spook anyone prematurely. Here, you'll have someone to look after you."
John's eyes welled up with gratitude, at a loss for words on how to thank Brielle. All he could do was delve deeper into the script, thoroughly understand it, and stun everyone with his debut film!
After settling John in, Brielle returned to her office. The man she had pointed to earlier followed her, prompting Brielle to ask if he needed something. "Donny, is there something on your mind?"
Donny was taken aback. Ms. Haywood knew his name? His lips trembled, struggling to form a coherent response. He was genuinely grateful to Brielle for restructuring Stellar Stage Entertainment and giving him hope for a better future there.
"Ms. Haywood, you know who I am?"
###Chapter 591
Chapter 591
Brielle flipped through the dossier laid out before her, her voice carrying a casual nonchalance. "Hmm, I've done my homework on every single one of you. You're an agent, to be precise, the only one who hasn't thrown in the towel so far. You've been grinding away, hustling for gigs forthe artists, but with the way things were at Stellar Stage Entertainment, these past few years must have been rough, huh?" He struggled, only to blow after blow. It's like a stray dog begging for scraps from well-dressed folks, knowing full well that a kick might be the next thing coming, yet still, he had to try.
"Oh no, Stellar Stage Entertainment was under the radar before. The fact that Dorsey International sent you over here makes me think from here on out, things are looking up.”
Brielle couldn't help but smile, a twinkle of amusement in her eyes. Why did he have so much faith in her? This feeling of being trusted was truly something else.
She'd thought Stellar Stage Entertainment was rotten to the core, but there were still those like Donny, working tirelessly in the shadows, and there was Ricardo, determined not to be beaten.
Brielle had come here just to tick a box on her to-do list, and now, she genuinely wanted to take these people to a grander stage.
"Donny, I'm keeping you on as an agent. You'll manage my top two talents, Ricardo and my good friend Aubree. With the right packaging, their looks and charisma will surely make them stand out in this industry. Once our first movie earns critical acclaim, the offers will come rolling in. You better start prepping for their meteoric rise. You might have been twiddling your thumbs before, but soon you'll be running off your feet."
Donny's eyes lit up, and a grin spread across his face. "Ms. Haywood, you can count on me. I'm ready whenever you are."
Brielle shared his smile, about to add more when the office phone rang. She picked up the handset, and it was Patrick on the line. "Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey wants you to swing by Dorsey International pronto." His voice was tinged with mirth.
Brielle knew the snitches had played their part. "They really made it into Mr. Dorsey's office?"
"Yep, they're in there right now, cataloging your so-called seven deadly sins."
Patrick's words weren't an exaggeration. At that moment, three of Stellar Stage Entertainment's executives stood before Max's desk, their demeanor utterly subservient.
"Mr. Dorsey, this is the mess Brielle's caused at Stellar Stage Entertainment in just a few days. She's admitted to it herself, claiming she's been acting up because she's got bigwigs at Dorsey International backing her."
"Indeed, Mr. Dorsey, if we let Brielle continue unchecked, Stellar Stage Entertainment will crumble under her antics."
"And we need to root out the high-up shielding her. To think someone could be so taken with
1/2
12:17
Chapter 591
such a woman is a clear case of blind folly!"
"Yes! Blind folly!"
As Patrick entered, that was the phrase that greeted him. He glanced at the speakers, mentally praying for their safety.
No wonder Stellar Stage Entertainment had fallen so far with such clueless executives at the helm. They should have known better than to rail against someone with connections without first checking who's backing them. But there they were, standing before the very mountain, tearing into the person it sought to protect, utterly oblivious to their own impending doom.
Max sat serenely in his chair, his features composed. The only giveaway was a slight twitch of his eyelashes when accused of being blind. He sat before a vast pane of glass, resembling a stark, monochromatic Greek sculpture, his presence captivating, his aura chilling.
Patrick knew this meant trouble. The more incensed Max got, the quieter he became, not given to histrionics like others might be.
After the executives had their say, smugness settled in as they bowed their heads, each harboring a smirk. They had heard Max instruct his assistant to summon Brielle immediately. Hah, would Brielle still hold her ground when facing the top brass?
Completely unaware of their boss' ire, they exchanged looks and settled in to watch Brielle's fall from grace.
They bet Brielle had no idea they'd dare come to Dorsey International, and that Max had even granted them an audience upon learning they were from Stellar Stage Entertainment.
One executive couldn't resist continuing. "Furthermore, Brielle's been cozying up to some young upstart lately. She was likely two-timing her benefactor, making a fool out of him. Mr. Dorsey, you punishing
Brielle now could save that oblivious benefactor of hers, who's also a part of Dorsey International's upper echelon. We can't let a woman blindside him."
Max's expression shifted subtly, his fingers toying with a sleek black pen. The contrast of his pale skin against the dark pen seemed to underscore his refined nature.
###Chapter 592
Chapter 592 Chapter 592
Brielle had just stepped out of her office when Donny heard that a call from Dorsey International had sent her rushing off. His heart instantly tightened with concern.
At Stellar Stage Entertainment. Brielle's moves had been bold, too bold perhaps, and it seemned the higher-ups couldn't stomach it any longer. They had finally taken their grievances to Dorsey International and sought out Mr. Dorsey himself.
What good could possibly come of Brielle's meeting there?
Worry was etched across Donny's face as he spoke up. "Ms. Haywood, if you're no longer with Stellar Stage Entertainment, please, you've got to let me know where you're headed next. I'll follow you, I will." His voice trailed off as his eyes dropped and his hands twisted together anxiously. "Ms. Haywood, you've got a real knack for looking out for your talent. Having you join Stellar Stage Entertainment was a stroke of luck for us all. If all these changes you've been making get you into hot water with Mr. Dorsey and his crowd, there's not much we can do, really. But we're willing to stick by you. You might not realize it, but the kids in the performance class today were bursting with energy - I've never seen them so bold and alive. They're just twenty-one on average, and they've been living in the doldrums until now. Ms. Haywood, you mean a lot to us." Donny was a man's man, not one for soppy words. Yet from his body language, Brielle could tell how tense, even panicked, he was. She hadn't expected to make such an impact on someone. Her lips curled into a smile. "I'll be fine. Don't you worry."
She couldn't openly discuss her relationship with Max, but having these people run to her boyfriend to snitch on her practically handed Max a weapon. Besides making him worry about her, there wasn't much else to it.
1
Ah, she had to appease him again. She sighed, and Donny, interpreting her expression as worry, grew even more agitated.
Without further discussion, Brielle drove straight to Dorsey International. Even though it had been less than a week since she'd left, returning felt different. She had left reluctantly after finally being recognized for her abilities and securing her place. But Michael had ordered her to go, and she had to leave everything behind.
Now, as she returned, her heart was filled with reflection rather than regret. Stellar Stage Entertainment needed her more than Dorsey International. A group of eager people awaited her return, so she had to go back.
She made her way to the top floor and entered Max's office without knocking. This brought immediate disapproval from the three executives of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
"Mr. Dorsey, just look at this woman's lack of manners, barging in without even knocking. She must've gotten too comfortable doing as she pleases over at Stellar Stage Entertainment, thinking no one can touch her!"
Chapter 592
"She's been spoiled by the patrons over at Dorsey International, huh? I tell you, she doesn't respect you, Mr. Dorsey."
"Exactly, Mr. Dorsey, you mustn't let this kind of person off the hook."
Brielle arched an eyebrow, meeting Max's gaze. He clearly wasn't happy. When he was upset, his eyes seemed shrouded in mist, dark and brooding.
On the other hand, Patrick was trying his best to be inconspicuous, thinking these fools were digging their own graves with their stupidity. They had no clue how to read the room.
But on second thought, it seemed that there wasn't much expression on Max's face anyway, which was probably why those people were especially arrogant.
Seeing Brielle, Max slowly put down his pen. Brielle quickly offered a smile, "Sorry, Mr. Dorsey, the traffic was a nightmare. Sorry to keep you waiting."
Max leaned back, resting a hand on his sleek, black marble desk, "Ms. Haywood, is there something you'd like to say?"
Innocence played across Brielle's face. "I'm not sure what I've done wrong?"
Seeing her feign ignorance, the executives from Stellar Stage Entertainment cursed in fury. "Don't play dumb with us! Look at the mess you've made over at Stellar Stage Entertainment! So, now you've come crawling to Mr. Dorsey, have you? Thought you were something special, but you're just another weathercock"
"Mr. Dorsey, everything we've said is true. Brielle's misdeeds are too numerous to count! We hope you strip her of her position and kick her out of Stellar Stage Entertainment!"
"Yeah! Kick her out of Stellar Stage Entertainment!"
The three continued their tirade, vilifying Brielle once more.
Brielle found it amusing. She stepped closer,.standing by Max's side. "Mr. Dorsey, I promise, I've only done what's best for Stellar Stage Entertainment-cutting dead weight and saving on expenses. But now I see I haven't done enough. I made the mistake of keeping these few around. When I get back, I'll have HR send their resignation letters.
The trio's angry faces froze, thinking they must have misheard. What was Brielle saying?
###Chapter 593
Chapter 593
She had such audacity in Mr. Dorsey's presence!
It seemed like fate was on their side. They half-expected Brielle to come in here, all fire and brimstone, spitting out excuses with her sharp tongue that could probably convince Mr. Dorsey of her innocence. But, to everyone's surprise, Brielle didn't even attempt to spin a yarn in her defense, nor did she dial it back in front of Max.
She was practically asking for trouble! Mr. Dorsey would surely kick her to the curb without a second thought!
A smug smile began to creep across their faces, their eyes gleaming with anticipation of the impending drama. Looking up, they saw Brielle inching closer to Max, even daring to brush against him ever so lightly.
She had the nerve to bump into the CEO of Dorsey International, the heir to the Dorsey empire, a man rumored to keep women at arm's length!
Their faces lit up with twisted joy. Of all people, she chose to flirt with the big boss in plain sight. Absolutely preposterous!
Brielle paid no mind to their inner turmoil. After her gentle collision with Max, she softened her voice and asked, "What do you think, Mr. Dorsey? Am I right?"
Max was usually a cool customer, but as Brielle leaned in and covertly tugged at his sleeve for some support, a flicker of amusement passed through his eyes, his lips curving ever so slightly. "You make a fair point," he conceded.
Brielle merely glanced at the three stiff executives, who stood frozen, unable to process what they were witnessing, The ever-stoic CEO was actually smiling. Sure, it was a faint smile, but his gaze on Brielle was undeniably tender.
Impossible! This had to be some kind of trick!
Then, true to his instinct, Max casually placed his hand on Brielle's waist, his touch light. "You've lost weight."
Brielle was tempted to roll her eyes internally as if they had been apart for ages. Holding back a laugh, she quipped, "My bad. I should've had a heartier lunch before meeting you, Mr. Dorsey."
Since the two had slipped into their flirtatious banter, Patrick approached the three senior staff members. "Mr. Dorsey is tied up at the moment. Please, show yourselves out."
It dawned on the executives that Brielle was Mr. Dorsey's sugar baby. Brielle's backing was none other than Max himself!
Max stared at her with sheer indulgence, making it crystal clear that no matter what the executives said today, he wouldn't punish Brielle. Instead, they had only dug themselves deeper into a hole.
1/2
12:18
Chapter 593
They were doomed.
After all their bluster, no wonder Max's assistant had been giving them those odd looks - he must have thought they were complete idiots!
Stricken with regret, they hardly knew how to make their exit. Their legs felt like jelly, and their heads spun.
Once outside, Patrick gave them a stern warning. "Keep your mouths shut about Ms. Brielle and Mr. Dorsey. If word gets out to the rest of Stellar Stage Entertainment, you can kiss your careers goodbye. And remember, Ms. Brielle isn't vindictive. If, from now on, you only act in the best interest of Stellar Stage Entertainment, she might not hold a grudge. Don't paint her as petty. She's been doing everything for the good of the company. You've been blinded by self-interest, but she hasn't."
The executives were speechless, scared out of their wits.
After laying down the law, Patrick watched them shuffle into the elevator and the doors close behind them. He was about to return to the office, but considering the two inside, he decided to give them space.
Mr. Dorset and Ms. Brielle hadn't had a proper moment together in ages, and with everyone busy the night before, snatching some time during work seemed like a good idea.
Inside the office, Max had already swept Brielle into his arms and placed her on the desk. Brielle, taken aback, glanced at the office door. "Mr. Dorsey, what are you up to?"
Max stared at her, his eyes like whirlpools drawing her in. "You came on an empty stomach. I skipped lunch, too."
Her cheeks flushed instantly, and she playfully thumped his shoulder. "Who taught you to flirt like that?"
But Max didn't say another word; he simply leaned in and captured her lips in a kiss.
###Chapter 594
Chapter 594
Brielle was worried that Patrick might walk in on them at any moment. Such a scene could be quite shocking for the poor guy.
Max's hand gently pressed against her waist, his voice a smooth baritone, "Don't get distracted."
"But what if Patrick-"
"Patrick wouldn't be so clueless."
That was all it took for Brielle's resolve to crumble, her head resting against his chest. Who would've thought that the formidable Mr. Dorsey would flirt with a woman in his office, and in such a tender tone, no less?
Her cheeks flushed. Her fiery confidence when challenging the executives earlier was nowhere to be found.
Max's breathing became uneven as he swept her off her feet and carried her into the adjoining lounge.
"Max, are you really gonna-mmph." She couldn't get another word out. It seemed she had been leaving him dry too long-here they were, getting reckless in the office.
The couch in the lounge was soft, and Brielle didn't dare look at him. The orange sunset and clear blue sky were on full display through the floor-to-ceiling windows. On the sunlit floor lay scattered clothes and the unmistakable scent of sex.
She should stop him, but she lacked the strength to resist. They had both been so busy lately that finding time during the day to be together like this was rare.
After a couple of hours of thoroughly mollifying the CEO, Brielle sensed he was still hungry for more, and she quickly got up from the couch. "There's a ton of work waiting for me back at Stellar Stage Entertainment."
Max watched her go, a light chuckle escaping him. Was he really that terrifying?
"Max, I've gotta head out. There's a lot to do. And I'm sure you're swamped, too. Did everything go alright with Martha last night?"
Mentioning Martha dimmed the laughter in Max's eyes. "Business as usual."
They had to resort to sedatives to administer that last injection. Afterward, they made sure her food was laced with drugs to lower her guard.
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief; no trouble from Martha was good news. She glanced back at him and found Max propped up against the pillows, the epitome of casual elegance. It wasn't the first time they'd sex, yet Brielle still felt a flush of heat on her face.
"So, I'm leaving?"
40.00
Chapter 594
'Til have Patrick drive you."
"No need, I drove myself."
Max raised an eyebrow, his fingertip brushing his lips-a clear invitation.
Brielle thought to herself that this man was far from the saintly image of "The Priest'. He was temptation personified.
Taking a deep breath, she leaned in and quickly pecked his lips. "I'm really off now. I've got my sights set on something big at Stellar Stage Entertainment, and I'm all fired up.”
Max's eyes twinkled like shattered stars, his gaze trailing down her in a long, beautiful arc, chilly and aloof yet irresistibly inviting.
Brielle stepped out of the office to bump into Sydney, who was there to deliver some documents.
Sydney saw Brielle's glowing face. Even her lips looked more luscious. Brielle must have worn only a hint of lipstick earlier, but now, it was all gone-clearly kissed away.
Jealousy surged through Sydney. She wanted nothing more than to slap that smug look off Brielle's face.
That bitch! Hadn't she left the company? Why was she here during working hours, trying to entice Mr. Dorsey?
What a slut!
Still emulating Brielle's style, Sydney glared at her, grinding her teeth angrily.
Brielle didn't spare her a glance, heading straight for the private elevator.
Sydney, who had taken the regular lift, couldn't help but wonder what right a former employee had to use the executive elevator.
Bubbling with spite, she followed Brielle and couldn't resist taunting her. "Brielle, you really are shameless, coming here during work hours to seduce Mr. Dorsey."
As the elevator doors slid open, Brielle stepped inside and said with a light laugh, "You'd love to seduce him during work, wouldn't you? But has he even glanced your way? Your desperation is showing, Sydney. How's life in your department? Rough, I bet?"
Sydney was a poor imitation of Brielle, lacking in her capabilities. Most of what she did ended in disaster. And with Spencer not yet reporting in, her heavy-handed approach to leadership had brewed discontent among her colleagues.
Brielle's words hit Sydney where it hurt most-her lack of competence compared to Brielle. With a venomous glare at the closing elevator doors, Sydney felt a tingling rage at the top of her head.
###Chapter 595
Chapter 595
She had no worries; as long as Mr. Spencer showed up at the company, her situation was bound to improve. After all, she was Mr. Spencer's girl, and Spencer would surely have her back.
However, to everyone's surprise, it wasn't Spencer who got the director's chair, but William's son, Antonio.
Spencer had been doing nothing but drowning his sorrows in booze, neglecting his work like it was a dirty shirt. Michael had given him a final deadline, but Spencer had ended up in the hospital just in time. Seizing the opportunity, William played his cards right in front of Michael, and the position that should have been Spencer's ended up with his son.
Now, William and his son were both in the corridors of power at Dorsey International, occupying top positions. Ryan and his family were either kicked out of Beaconsfield or stripped of their duties, completely out of the game. As for Victoria, what storm could that lovesick woman possibly stir up?
William's eyes twinkled with mirth, confident that Dorsey International would be theirs once Max was out of the picture.
He looked at Michael earnestly. "Dad, I think Spencer's still hung up on Brielle, and that's why he's in such distress. You know, Brielle's gotten mixed up with Max, and, well, if Max ends up like Spencer because of her, then Dorsey International might just-"
"Max won't." Michael's tone was cool and ominous as he sat with a few cups of coffee before him. "Spencer has had a silver spoon in his mouth since birth and can't handle adversity. But Max has had a different upbringing. The Dorsey family won't give Spencer another dime. If he wants to self-destruct, he'll have to fend for himself. And you tell Victoria that once the medical bills are paid, she's not to give Spencer anything else. Otherwise, I won't look out for Everett anymore." Michael had made up his mind.
William's smile deepened. "I'll pass on the message. And about Max..." He was eager to drive a wedge between the two, especially since Michael was already thwarting Brielle and Max. If he could just add fuel to the fire, maybe even get Michael to take Brielle out of the equation, Max's fiery temper would surely not let things lie.
"Don't think I don't know what you're up to. Max doesn't need your meddling." Michael's voice was heavy, and he sipped his coffee with deliberate calm. "If you're as restless as your exiled brother, you'll meet the same fate."
William's face turned sour, but he managed to keep his composure, barely. "Dad, I'm just concerned about Max. After all, he's my brother."
Family ties in the Dorsey family were a joke. In the face of immense profit, everything else was trivial.
1/2
10:21
Chapter 595
Michael's eyes glinted with resolve. "Max is my son. I have ways to deal with him. No matter how far he goes or how high he flies, I still hold the strings." William was taken aback, uncertain about Michael's implication. Did Michael have another ace up his sleeve?
Michael had long ago stepped back from the Dorsey family's dealings, entrusting everything to Max. Max had managed the family's affairs impeccably from abroad, especially Dorsey International, which had soared under his leadership. Michael seemed to be out of the loop, but who knew if he had other forces at his command?
With Michael's extensive experience in the business world, such a statement forced William to be extra cautious.
Michael's message was clear: if Max lost control, he had a way to handle him. So all William had to do was sit back, occasionally stoke the flames, and avoid drawing their ire.
"Dad, I understand. I'll be on my way then."
After getting Michael's nod, William left the Dorsey family estate. Back at his own place, a young man was waiting for him, his son, Antonio.
Antonio, dressed in a sharp grey suit, meticulously cleaned his fingertips with a handkerchief, wiping away the bloodstains bit by bit. The servants in the villa kept their heads down, careful not to cross either of them.
Both had tempers like a summer storm. One wrong word could get you fired-or worse. To them, solving a problem was just a matter of money, even if it meant someone's life.
"Dad, did you secure it? Can I head over to Dorsey International now?"
"Yep, your grandfather has handed you the position. As for that waste of space, Spencer, he'll soon be cut off from all his cards. Michael's made it clear: let him fend for himself from now
on."
Antonio snorted with derision, taking a swig of red wine from the table. "What skills does he have to fend for himself? All he's learned over the years is how to have affairs with women. He's nothing but a loser."
###Chapter 596
Chapter 596
Antonio didn't have the dazzling looks like the other members of the Dorsey clan; he was more of the delicate and slender type. However, he was in good health, his only flaw being an unnaturally sickly complexion that made him appear frail at first glance.
"Antonio, when you head to work, try to avoid butting heads with Max, okay? Michael's taking this very seriously this time, and he's got an ace up his sleeve. If you really tick him off, I'm afraid we'll end up in the same boat as Ryan and his family. For now, let's hold our horses, stick to our roles, and just watch how this showdown between the two powers unfolds-who will come out on top."
Antonio set down his beer bottle, a sharp glint crossing his eyes. He was curious to meet Brielle. Did she really possess such allure?
Uncle Max was even willing to pass over Miss Alivia in favor of her. What was it about her? Was her charm in bed that remarkable, or was there some other hidden wealth or background? These folks were all about self-interest. Nobody believed in so-called love. They were sure that unless there was something more valuable about Brielle, Max wouldn't have been interested. It seemed that a thorough investigation was in order.
While William and Antonio were strategizing, Brielle had already returned to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Donny had been pacing the floor with restless anxiety since her departure, and now that she was back, his eyes lit up. "Ms. Haywood, you're back! Did Mr. Dorsey give you any trouble?" he asked eagerly. The thought of Max brought a rush of memories, including the husky sounds he made at the height of passion, causing Brielle's cheeks to blush involuntarily. Her eyes shimmered, hinting at vulnerability and stirring protective instincts.
Donny's face went pale. "Ms. Haywood, you weren't... fired, were you?"
Snapping back to reality, Brielle's lips curved into a smile. "Don't worry, I'm fine. Mr. Dorsey is quite reasonable."
As she spoke, the few who had gone to Dorsey International to tattle came sidling over, unable to meet Brielle's gaze.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, curious to see what they were up to now. If they had indeed conjured up more outrageous schemes, she wouldn't mind showing them the door alongside the others.
One of them hung their head, their voice tinged with concern. "Ms. Haywood, I'm willing to donate my entire year's salary to the company for script development."
"Me too, Ms. Haywood."
"We were blind to your abilities before, and we hope you can forgive our shortsightedness."
1/2
10-21
Chapter 596
Donny was taken aback to see such a display of contrition from these usually difficult executives. They were known to be the sort who would swing whichever way the wind blew, always siding with the most influential party at the moment. These three, in particular, had a reputation for sticking together, which often made them a headache to deal with; even Keagan sometimes found them challenging. Now, here they were, making overtures to Brielle?
Brielle arched an eyebrow. They were certainly quick to catch on.
These were high-level execs under Dorsey International, raking in millions a month. Offering up a year's salary was a significant gesture of goodwill, especially considering their previous endeavors at Stellar Stage Entertainment had been less than scrupulous.
"You're volunteering this, so don't come crying to labor arbitration later, claiming I've withheld wages," she warned them.
"Of course not, Ms. Haywood! We're blessed that you'd even consider our offer."
"Yes. Ms. Haywood. Your youthful leadership at Stellar Stage Entertainment is a stroke of luck for us all."
Brielle's lips twitched, sensing their true nature as weathercocks. She waved them off impatiently. "Alright, I won't fire you. If you're willing to donate, I won't refuse. After all, a year's salary is a drop in the ocean compared to what you've extorted from Stellar Stage Entertainment in the past."
The men laughed awkwardly, unable to muster a response.
Donny watched in amazement, feeling like he was gaining insight into new realms of possibility. After the executives left, he turned to Brielle. "Ms. Haywood, this is-"
"Perhaps they've had a change of heart. Now go on, attend to your work." With that, Brielle entered her office.
Donny remained in the hallway, a surge of excitement welling up within him. Brielle hadn't been troubled by Mr. Dorsey, and it seemed that those executives had come off worse after lodging their complaints. Clearly, Brielle had some clout at Dorsey International, which explained her bold reforms at Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Feeling more confident than ever, Donny was determined to work hard. Perhaps Stellar Stage Entertainment was on the verge of a new era!
Once in her office, Brielle leaned back in her chair, massaging her waist with a grimace. Those two hours might not have been Max's limit, but they had certainly pushed her to her own.
###Chapter 597
Chapter 597
Max knew they'd both be slammed with work for a while. Even when he got back to the Premier Palace at night, he'd be swamped with meetings. So that's why he was all about indulging to the max at lunchtime.
He used to pause midway through his devouring just to catch her blushing, but today, he didn't stop, not even when she playfully protested. He just shushed her with a bite as if she was a juicy cheeseburger. Brielle rubbed her forehead, the other hand massaging her lower back. Maybe she should take up kickboxing again? Her stamina just wasn't keeping up.
After work, Aubree texted that she'd meet her downstairs. Fresh from her yoga class, Aubree was the picture of vitality. "I should've joined Stellar Stage Entertainment the minute you did. It's so much fun. I didn't drive today. Mind giving me a lift home?"
Brielle nodded and slid into the driver's seat. They hadn't gone far when Brielle noticed a truck in the rearview mirror driving erratically. She thought she was seeing things and swerved slightly. The truck mimicked her move.
If they collided with the big rigs... The thought barely crossed her mind when the truck gunned its engine, barreling toward her.
Brielle's eyes narrowed. "Aubree, buckle up tight."
Aubree had seen it, too. She quickly fastened her seatbelt and swallowed hard. "Bri, we're not gonna die, are we?" Such a massive vehicle could flatten them into pancakes.
Brielle was about to reassure her when suddenly, a cement mixer truck came at them head-on. Caught between the two, they had nowhere to go.
"Ahhh!" Aubree couldn't help but scream.
Brielle gritted her teeth and steered the car towards the bridge's edge. Below was a lake. If they got out quick enough after the fall, they'd survive. She knew Aubree was a strong swimmer. "Windows down! We're going in!" she commanded before crashing through the barrier.
Aubree reacted fast, rolling down the window.
Their car plunged off the bridge while the two trucks, unable to turn in time, smashed into each other. A chain-reaction pile-up ensued, involving over twenty vehicles.
"Boom!"
The sound of their car hitting the water was thunderous.
Brielle wanted to reach for Aubree but saw her already holding her breath, signaling to head for the surface. They had inhaled deeply before the plunge, so they weren't in distress, but the winter lake was too frigid.
Chapter 597
Brielle nodded, and they slowly swam upward.
Breaking the surface, Brielle took a deep breath, wiping the water from her face. Aubree spat out a jet of water, looking like a fountain, then gasped, "Holy smokes! That was wild! Did you see that truck? We were this close to getting hit! Your reaction time was insane! Look at the bridge. It's all smoke. Those idiots crashed into each other. Serves them right! They wanted us dead, but we're like cats with nine lives!" Hearing this, Brielle's lips twitched - Aubree was truly one of a kind.
"Aubree, let's get to shore."
After a sneeze, Aubree nodded. They stripped off their heavy coats to avoid sinking from the weight and swam to safety.
Once on shore, they sat, catching their breath, watching the chaos unfold on the bridge. Brielle knew those trucks were meant for her. If she hadn't reacted, she'd be a goner by now.
A cement mixer and a big rig were a death sentence for any sedan caught in between. Whoever planned this was dead set on her demise.
###Chapter 598
Chapter 598
Aubree and Brielle returned to Aubree's place, shivering so hard their teeth were chattering.
Brielle couldn't let Max find out about this; she had a hunch that the person behind the attempt on her life was either Michael or Martha. If Max ever got wind of it, there would be hell to pay.
After warming up with hot showers, they each held a steaming cup of tea as they settled into the living room.
The thermostat was cranked up to the max, and Aubree had even gone the extra mile by brewing some ginger tea, a home remedy bound to warm the bones.
The initial adrenaline rush had faded, and the reality of the grave danger Brielle was in had set in - someone was out to get her.
They placed their mugs of ginger tea on the table. Aubree downed hers in one go before speaking up. "Bri, who do you think is behind this?"
Brielle shook her head. The list of people who wanted her dead was, unfortunately, long.
Michael had given her six months, but there was no promise that he wouldn't strike during that time. As for Martha, after Max provoked her last night, he had mentioned to spike her food with sleeping pills, but what if someone at the nursing home had tipped her off and she wasn't really out cold?
Nothing was certain.
Aubree leaned back, staring at the ceiling with a wry smile playing on her lips. "You know, Bri, I kind of dig this life of yours. Flirting with Max when you can, dodging murder attempts while running Stellar Stage Entertainment. Ever think about how your potential keeps getting unlocked? I bet your folks were some big shots. With genetics like yours, there's no way you come from an average Joe family. Have you ever thought about tracking down your birth parents? Maybe their clout outshines anyone in Beaconsfield, and they could shield you. Then we wouldn't have to give a damn about the Dorseys, the Rowlands, or the Barneses."
Aubree's head was also still wrapped in a towel, and both their hair was drying off. Brielle couldn't help but chuckle as she sipped her ginger tea, feeling a little warmth return to her body.
If her parents had loved her, they wouldn't have left her at an orphanage when she was so little. She wished she could believe they gave her up because they were broke - at least then she could comfort herself with the fact that they had no choice. But if they were wealthy, powerful, and still abandoned her, it would mean they didn't want her. Her story was probably not too different from someone like Tiffanie's.
"I've never thought about finding them. I'm happy with my life as it is."
"Bri, have you ever dreamed about your family?"
Brielle's grip on her mug tightened suddenly. Of course, she'd had dreams. As a child, when she
11:43
Chapter 598
was hungry and cold, she'd dream of her parents coming to take her home, wrapping her in a warm coat.
When hunger led to hallucinations, she'd see her mother appear. Then, when the Haywood family came along, she thought her dream had come true. She'd tried her best to be likable, to excel at everything. It just seemed to make no difference. She was unwelcome in that home. and after the scandal involving Lillian and Spencer broke, she fully understood her place.
If that was what family was, she didn't need it. She could do just fine on her own.
She did yearn for someone to love and care for her, but if they didn't love her back, she'd keep her emotions in check.
Now, she had no expectations of family. That was why the frequency of her dreams about them dwindled over the years, and recently, she hadn't dreamed of them at all.
The Haywood family had shattered her illusions of family life. The reality was too harsh.
Glancing at the clock on the wall, Aubree suggested, "I'll give Mr. Dorsey a call. Tell him I've got business at Stellar Stage Entertainment, and you're staying with me tonight."
Brielle nodded. Max and Patrick had both been swamped lately, with that overseas acquisition deal about to wrap up. They probably wouldn't have time to catch the evening news. Plus, her wrist needed a couple of days to heal properly.
Brielle suspected Michael or Martha was behind the car accident, but what she didn't know was that someone else was involved - someone she'd never expected.
Sydney sat in her room, glued to the news, pacing with cold sweat on her forehead. The plan had failed. She had spent a million to take out Brielle. How could it not have worked?
She thought her plan was foolproof. After all, Brielle was cornered. Yet, somehow, Brielle had found a way out.
Sydney was seething, swallowing hard as she reassured herself that her involvement was undetectable. Then, a gentle knock on her door.
"Sydney, it's so late. Aren't you coming to bed?" It was her boyfriend, Adrian.
Hearing his voice only intensified her irritation. She was bound by years of obligation to Adrian's family, so she couldn't break up with him now without facing the scorn of her neighbors.
###Chapter 599
Chapter 599
Sydney's friends were all privy to her history with Adrian, and she knew that if they broke up and Adrian blabbed about her infidelity, her reputation would be in tatters.
Lately, she had been sleeping in a separate bed from Adrian. After getting a taste of what a guy like Spencer could offer, she found herself disinterested in her current boyfriend. Spencer could provide what Adrian, with his rigid ways, never could.
As Sydney's mind raced, she considered how she might exploit Adrian. If he committed a crime and ended up behind bars, she could seamlessly initiate a breakup. That way, no one could blame her; Adrian would have brought it upon himself.
With this thought, Sydney doused her eyes with artificial tears and rubbed them until they were red before she opened the door. Adrian, seeing her in such a state, was consumed with concern. "What's wrong, babe? Is something going wrong at work?" Sydney cast her eyes down, her voice raspy. "Forget it, you can't help me."
"How can I help if you won't tell me what's going on? Sydney, we're about to get married. I don't want you to be unhappy."
Sydney scoffed inwardly. Marry this poor sap? The money she had in her bank account was more than Adrian could ever dream of earning!
"Adrian, you remember the scandal about my previous boss, right? I showed you the article. She was engaged to Spencer, but it was called off after playing the field. Now she's clinging to Spencer, and in a fit of anger, the Dorsey family booted her from Dorsey International. She's taking out all her frustrations on me. My colleagues are all against me. I feel like I can't go on." Adrian felt a pang of pain. He remembered the woman he'd met that night and thought she didn't seem that bad. But if Sydney was saying this, it must've been true. "Do all your coworkers believe her? She's not at Dorsey International anymore. Why are they targeting you?"
"They blame me for Brielle's departure, claiming I want to take her place. But I never thought that. Now, I'm scared to even go to the office. My desk and chair are always covered in foundation and lipstick. What should I do? I've worked so hard to get to where I am," Sydney sobbed.
"That's outrageous! Sydney, I'll go to the office tomorrow and sort this out!"
"Adrian, please, it's no use. She had connections at the company. Standing up for me will only make things worse. Let me be!"
With that, she rushed toward the window in her room. "I can't sleep at night, and her face haunts me. Only if she's gone will I have peace. Let me go, Adrian! I want to end this!" Chapter 599
Adrian grabbed her in panic, trembling with fear. "Sydney, don't do anything stupid. If you want her dead, I'll help you."
A glint of triumph flashed in Sydney's eyes, and the corners of her mouth turned up slightly. "You're aware of Stellar Stage Entertainment, right? She's now the president there, and apparently, she's thriving. How can she be better off while I suffer from the bullying she incited? Adrian, you'll help me, won't you? If you do, we can get married right away."
The idea of marriage was too tempting for Adrian. He had been dreaming of marrying Sydney for years and was deeply in love with her. Now, the woman he loved was being tortured by someone else. Sensing his hesitation, Sydney stepped one foot out the window. Adrian desperately pulled her back in. "Sydney!"
"Adrian! Let go of me!"
"I promise you, I'll visit Stellar Stage Entertainment tomorrow. Don't worry. I'll do what you want."
Sydney finally felt relieved, her smile intensified.
The next morning, Adrian woke up at six. He saw Sydney curled up in bed, and his heart ached. Could this ordeal have caused Sydney to become depressed?
His brow furrowed, he reached out to comfort her, but she flinched away. "Don't touch me! I'm not Brielle, please don't."
Adrian flinched, and woke her up.
Between sobs, Sydney recounted how she had been assaulted by a stranger because of Brielle. "I was too scared to tell you, fearing I wasn't good enough for you. Yesterday, I ran into Brielle at Dorsey International. I felt so dirty, and she humiliated me for it."
Adrian felt as if he'd been struck on the head with a hammer. The woman he loved had endured so much without his knowledge. Grinding his teeth, he grabbed his keys and stormed out the door!
###Chapter 600
Chapter 600
Brielle was up at the crack of dawn and joined Aubree on their way to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
They had both taken a dip in the river last night, so today, Brielle bundled up in thick layers. Aubree, forever the fashionista, braved the chill in her usual stylish but scant attire.
Worried about her catching a cold, Brielle couldn't help but say, "I've got a spare jacket in my office. I heard it's going to drop even more come afternoon. Swing by and grab it if you're cold." Aubree sneezed, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. "I'm fine."
Her gaze caught the sight of a familiar car, and she arched an eyebrow. "Doesn't Mr. Dorsey have work? Up and about at Stellar Stage Entertainment to ambush someone this early?"
Brielle chuckled, knowing Aubree was just teasing her. After exchanging pleasantries, she made her way to the car.
Before she could speak, she was pulled into a cool embrace. Brielle found herself in the arms of someone who bore the telltale signs of a sleepless night, no doubt due to work. She wondered why he was here waiting for her.
"There's been a hiccup with the overseas acquisition, so I'll be temporarily living at the office. You should head home more often. I don't like you being out."
His tone was detached, and his lips grazed her neck with feather-light kisses.
Brielle couldn't help but tilt her head back, amused. Was he really here just to give her this warning?
She knew he likely hadn't returned to Premier Palace to rest last night and felt a pang of sympathy. Before she could respond, a cool was pressed into her hand. She looked down to see a custom- made, silver handgun - lightweight and sleek, a perfect fit for her grip.
"I had Jaired tailor this for you. Keep it with you."
Surprise flickered in her eyes.
"I'll cover for you, always. Just promise me, no matter what, your life comes first."
She nodded, a mix of fondness and concern in her eyes. "Thank Jaired for me."
Cool detachment flickered through Max's gaze as his fingers played with her earlobe. "It's the least he could do."
The gift was special, and her smile shone brightly, yet the unfinished scarf at home weighed on her conscience. She resolved to finish it tonight back at Premier Palace.
She noticed the shadows beneath his eyes and kissed him gently on the lips. "Even if you have to sleep at the office, remember to rest. I'll make sure Patrick keeps an eye on you." Chapter 600
As Max's frosty aura thawed, he chuckled, "After this is over, let's go skiing."
She agreed, and, conscious of the conspicuous nature of his car, kept their conversation brief.
As they parted, she kissed him again. "Thank you, Mr. Dorsey, for the early morning visit and the gift. It's something I truly appreciate."
Her tease made his Adam's apple bob and his voice sounded husky, "When I'm done, could you take a few days off too?"
The idea made her think of the previous night's ordeal, wondering if she could even get out of bed after such a break. However, seeing the hope in his eyes, she couldn't bear to refuse.
"Sure."
As the car pulled away, Brielle's heart felt warm, dispelling the lingering chill from last night's accident.
Though Max hadn't said it, she knew he had come to see her, using the gift as a pretext. He wasn't one for declarations of affection.
It seemed he was going to be genuinely busy if he was seizing even these brief moments.
Max's phone rang soon after he left; it was the clinic reporting that Martha had detected something amiss with her food and had started a hunger strike.
Max's expression hardened, a storm brewing in his gaze. "Replace everyone at the clinic," he commanded Patrick, his voice icy. It'd been less than a day, and his mother had already gotten the news. Someone must have blabbed.
Patrick nodded, executing the order immediately. Through the rearview mirror, he could see Max's irritation and cautiously inquired, "What about Ms. Martha?" If she insistes on this hunger strike, she wouldn't last three days before her health collapsed.
"I'll order the doctors to take necessary measures." Max sat in a silence as deep as the night, his eyes darkening.
Patrick gripped the steering wheel tighter, wondering if Brielle truly was the one who could stand by Max for a lifetime. Love that battled against everything-how long could it last? Even a saint would grow weary, wouldn't they?
###Chapter 601
Chapter 601
Brielle stepped into Stellar Stage Entertainment and settled into her office before dialing the traffic police to inquire about the specifics of last night's car accident. As a person involved, she had already been questioned just before she fell asleep the previous night.
One driver had been drinking, the other high on drugs. Both were in a daze. That was the answer from the police and all they could find out for now. She had suspected as much from the beginning and wasn't surprised by the revelation.
Come evening, Aubree popped into her office to borrow a coat. Her cheeks were flushed from the cold. It had indeed gotten chillier, and after a bracing swim in icy waters the day before, Brielle felt her resistance to the cold had significantly diminished. With several coats on standby in her office, she handed over her favorite one to Aubree. "I told you to layer up when we left your place."
As Aubree headed out, she turned back with a smug grin. "My drama instructor praised me again today, but keeping up with all these expressions is exhausting. I feel like my face is going to freeze from all that smile. Anyway, Bri, I'm heading home. You'll be back at Premier Palace tonight, right? I won't wait up."
Brielle nodded. She had to work late. She was working overtime until nine in the evening. Dragging her weary body out of Stellar Stage Entertainment, she into Ricardo in the elevator.
Ricardo's eyes were clear as crystal, pure and innocent. He stood in the elevator, and when he saw Brielle, a beautiful light flickered in his gaze. "Ms. Haywood."
"Ricardo? Why are you still here so late?"
A shade of embarrassment colored Ricardo's cheeks. "John is really pushing me on this brother role. I've met his standards with a few scenes, but he insists I can do better. We're close to shooting, and I've got to give it my all. By the way, I saw Aubree earlier; her acting is really coming along."
He said this with a smile, reflecting off the elevator's mirrored walls. "Ms. Haywood, do you think Aubree and I will really make it?"
"Of course, you're both very talented." Brielle reassured him but then worried about the pressure he might be under. "Just perform naturally, and don't beat yourself up if this film doesn't make a splash. You're new to this; keep your expectations realistic."
As the elevator reached the lobby, Brielle's phone buzzed with a video call from an unknown number. Her first instinct was to disconnect, but then a message followed. (Want to see what happened to your dear friend because of you?]
Her heart skipped a beat, and her face darkened. On the video, Aubree was indeed tied up, hands and feet bound, surrounded by three men.
Brielle turned pale with fury and stormed out. She hung up the video and was about to contact Patrick, but heard Ricardo next to her saying, "I seem to know this place. Ms. Haywood, do you
1/2
11:25
Chapter 601
want me to take you there?"
Brielle's chest was trembling, but she was still trying her best to keep her sanity. "Let's go
now."
After getting on the car, she called Patrick, but no one answered. She then dialed Max's number, and no one answered still.
The overseas acquisition was at a critical point. Everyone in the conference room had switched off their phones and was fixated on the fluctuating numbers on the big screen.
Max felt a nagging unease but pushed it aside, knowing everyone was awaiting his direction.
The night in Beaconsfield was far from peaceful, with undercurrents swirling ominously.
Elsewhere, in the Rowland household, Tessa instructed her associate. "Work with our contact to get the full video tonight. Make sure there are no traces left. I don't want any backtracking."
"Ms. Tessa, don't worry. Our crew is well-trained. They wouldn't spill secrets even under duress. Taking down Aubree is a simple task."
Tessa's eyes sparkled with malice, delighted by the unexpected turn of events with Aubree's capture. Her own operatives had even managed to collaborate with the kidnappers. It was as if luck was on her side.
Tonight, all she had to do was distract Andrew, and Aubree's life would be ruined.
She heard that Brielle was also notified. If Brielle witnessed Aubree's downfall, it would also be a crushing blow to her. Two birds with one stone, removing the two women Tessa despised
most!
Her lips curled into a smile. When the sound of footsteps outside came from outside, she told her associate to leave.
When Andrew entered, only Tessa was in the room. His phone, which Aubree had tried to use to call for help, was right there with Tessa, who had dismissed the call.
Tessa took the next call and lied that Andrew wasn't coming and had agreed to marry her, She then deleted all the messages.
Sensing Tessa's good mood, Andrew approached her tenderly. "Feeling better?"
Tessa nodded with a bashful smile. "You've been here taking care of me; of course, I feel better, Andrew. You're wonderful."
Andrew felt a warmth in his heart and wrapped her in his embrace. Tessa looked up and captured his lips with hers.
###Chapter 602
Chapter 602
Andrew's body tensed, but then he responded to her passionately. The two of them were locked in an embrace on the bed, their kisses seemingly inseparable,
However, he couldn't admit to himself that her lips didn't feel as right as Aubree's.
Aubree. It had been ages since he had seen her. With that thought, Andrew's desire waned, and he gently pushed Tessa away. "I think we should get the doctor to check on you again."
Tessa mistook his concern for fear of hurting her and felt a sweet warmth in her heart. "Okay."
Meanwhile, Aubree was left hanging after a disconnected call and seemed to lose all will to live. Tied up, she stared blankly at the ceiling. Tears no longer flowed. Her gaze was fixed on nothingness. Adrian watched as three men began to unbuckle their belts, and with a camera set up, it seemed they were truly planning to rape Aubree.
A frown creased his brow. Today had been a mistake. He mistook the person for Brielle because they wore the same coat Brielle had worn. He had attacked from behind without properly identifying his target. The security at Stellar Stage Entertainment was tight, and he hadn't had time to check carefully. After all, this was his first time committing such a crime.
When he arrived here and found he'd been followed, he realized that three men of unknown origin clearly shared a singular purpose.
Adrian had intended to retaliate against Brielle, not drag an innocent woman into this mess. By the time he realized his mistake, it was too late. When he saw the men undressing, his expression darkened. "What do you plan to do with her?"
The men, already unable to restrain themselves at the sight of Aubree's beauty, found Adrian's question amusing. "What's this? You wanna join in? You'll have to wait your turn. After we've had our fun, she's all yours."
Adrian, who had been sitting, stood up abruptly. "Are you here to get back at Brielle, or are you here for this woman?"
The leader smirked. "We're helping you out, man. You saw us call Brielle. She'll be here soon. Didn't you say your girl got messed up because of Brielle? Well, here's your chance to get back at Brielle herself. As for her best friend, we'll take care of her."
Adrian glanced at Aubree, bound at the wrists and ankles, and for some reason, perhaps struck by the despair on her face, he hesitated to agree. He had never been part of something like this. His confrontation at Stellar Stage Entertainment had been a spur-of-the-moment act.
Now, seeing the menacing looks on these three men, he knew they were not to be trifled with. Moreover, even if Brielle deserved a dire fate, her best friend was innocent. He stepped forward, reaching to untie Aubree's restraints. "Let's call it off. Save this for Brielle. This
1/2
11:25
Chapter 602
woman is innocent. As soon as Brielle arrives, we'll let her go."
The men thought they were hearing a joke, but Adrian seemed serious. He bent over and earnestly began to release Aubree's legs. Before he could stand up, a heavy kick landed on his chest, sending him flying a meter away, coughing up blood.
He looked up at the men, who seemed annoyed, disdain in their eyes. "Looks like your little girlfriend got what she deserved. How could such a spineless boyfriend protect her. You better go check if she was forced or if she went willingly."
Adrian, already regretting his decision to bring Aubree into this, felt his face flush with rage and humiliation. "Don't you dare talk about Sydney like that!"
Sydney was the kindest girl he'd ever met, and she'd been with him through thick and thin over the years. They were about to get married, but because of Brielle, Sydney had suffered so much. He would never forgive Brielle.
However, if he let these men treat Aubree this way, how would he be any different from the man who hurt Sydney?
"Cough, cough." He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and slowly stood up from the ground. "Like I said, if you treat Brielle like this, I won't stop you. But this woman is truly innocent." 'Fuck! You asking for it?!"
'Lost your mojo? How about we take you out first?!"
###Chapter 603
Chapter 603
They didn't even care about their own lives, let alone the lives of others. They approached Adrian swiftly and began to beat him mercilessly with their fists and feet.
Adrian, with no formal combat training, felt his ribs shatter under the onslaught.
Aubree stirred at the commotion, her lips twitching into a wry smile as she watched them turn on one of their own. She didn't speak; instead, she continued to stare at the ceiling, her mind echoing with Tessa's words about getting married.
She clung to Andrew as her last hope, but his cellphone was with Tessa.
Tears began to stream down Aubree's face, her whole body aching with a pain that seemed to penetrate her soul. It was odd. The men hadn't even touched her yet, but she felt tainted as if no shower could ever cleanse her. Perhaps she had been marked by an indelible stain since the age of eighteen.
Adrian curled up on the ground, blood spilling continuously from his mouth. The men grabbed his hair and smashed his head against the wall, their voices laden with malice.
"Next time you want to play the hero, weigh your strength first. Screw you!"
"Don't actually kill him. We've got to pin this mess on him."
"Right, the beauty is right here. Let's make it quick."
"Brielle is quite a looker, too. We could have a go with both of them. That would be the life."
Their laughter was lewd and unbridled.
Adrian, hearing this, mustered the last of his strength and looked at Aubree, his heart pierced by the sight of her tears. Maybe Sydney had felt just as helpless.
Somehow finding a burst of energy, he grabbed one of the men's legs. The man stumbled forward, enraged at Adrian's defiance, and kicked him squarely in the face. "Fuck!" Adrian was sent flying and lay motionless on the ground.
The men approached Aubree and tore off her clothes in a brutal display of savagery. One of them eagerly and impatiently mounted and slapped her across the face. "You're so easy! No wonder you could entice your own brother!"
"Did you enjoy it as much when he fucked you?”
Aubree's pupils contracted sharply. Her lips were pressed tightly together, tasting blood in her mouth from the slap. Her head was knocked askew, her cheek swelling visibly. Her face, which was quite lovely, angered the other men when they saw it being damaged. "Just do it. Don't ruin the face," one of them snapped.
The man shrugged. "Just a bit of fun." he muttered, no longer hesitating. But Aubree, having
11:38
Chapter 683
just had her legs freed, delivered a powerful knee to his groin. The man paled from the pain and glared at her furiously.
"You bitch!"
He approached Aubree, prying her mouth open. "I have many ways to make people suffer, and you don't want to experience them all," he snarled.
He grabbed a dagger from nearby, prying open Aubree's mouth and wrenching her teeth out.
The pain was excruciating! Aubree's mouth filled with the taste of blood, a crimson flow that wouldn't stop.
Tears and blood smeared her face, but she could hardly make a sound. She felt like a proud rose had been reduced to a crushed dirt by the roadside.
Maybe she was never a rose; perhaps she had always been a wildflower, discarded and unwanted.
The man seized her hair, holding her down, fucking her mouth without restraint. The camera nearby recorded every moment, capturing the gruesome scene in its entirety. The men's laughter was carefree and loud as they reveled in their control over her body.
###Chapter 604
Chapter 604
Every fiber in her being was screaming in agony, from her heart down to the very pores on her skin-each one clamoring, howling with pain.
A person grabbed a camera, zooming in closer, wiping the bloodstains from her chin, and intentionally gripping her jaw tightly. "Come on, sweetheart, make it slutty. This video is a special show for your brother."
When Brielle and Ricardo's car roared onto the scene, what they saw was a tableau of violence. A man was on top of Aubree, thrusting wildly, while another was recording, capturing her every grimace and tear. There was also a man fastening his belt, clearly having finished his turn.
Brielle's pupils shrank to pinpricks, and for a moment, she thought she might go blind with rage. Only the ragdoll-like figure of Aubree was seared into her bloodshot vision.
Kill them. Kill them all!
Or not just kill them-she wanted to obliterate the entire world.
The men, satisfied with their repulsive deeds, slowed their actions upon hearing the car, their faces full of smug pleasure.
Brielle's hand slipped into her purse, her sanity slipping away. Ricardo, sitting beside her, sensed a lethal aura. His eyebrows raised slightly as he watched Brielle step out of the car. Ricardo didn't want to get involved but sighed deeply upon seeing the men zipping up and moving toward Brielle.
"Ms. Haywood, what do you intend to do?"
"Kill them." Brielle paused mid-stride, her voice cold and almost numb with the overwhelming urge to eviscerate these beasts. "I want to kill them."
Ricardo chuckled softly, approaching with feigned innocence in his eyes. "You want to commit murder? That's against the law, you know."
The law? What was that? She didn't even know anymore. The silver of the gun was already at her fingertips. She wanted their lives.
The men, upon seeing her face, filled their eyes with glee.
"Another one to join the party. As we said, it's going to be a sister act.'
"Pity Aubree's already exhausted. She was quite the treat."
"Aubree really is a dirty one, isn't she? She's still so eager after all those times with her brother."
Brielle didn't hear their words-more accurately, she couldn't hear anything. All she felt was a cold coursing through her veins, staring at them as if they were no more than bugs on the
11.20
Chapter 604
sidewalk.
Wouldn't it be alright to squash a couple of bugs? She smiled faintly, her movements smooth as she chambered a round.
Ricardo was right by her side, witnessing every move she made. His dagger was at the ready, but he hesitated for a moment. Should he act? Or should he let Brielle do it and, by doing so, bind her to his world? Their hands would both be stained with blood and perhaps she wouldn't see him as a monster anymore.
As he hesitated, the men were closing in. One of their faces triggered memories long suppressed in Ricardo-screams, cries, and a maelstrom of sounds tangling in his mind.
His sister, covered in blood, lied before his eyes.
How ironic. He had been searching for years, never finding them, and yet they appeared at this moment. Was Brielle perhaps his lucky star?
Ricardo chuckled, his hesitation gone. As Brielle's bullet was chambered, Ricardo had already moved-swiftly, cleanly. All he could see was darkness, an endless black that seemed to stain his entire vision. His inner fury surged wildly. He didn't know how many times he had struck, only that it felt exhilarating like never before. Each strike was non-fatal yet left them all incapacitated.
One second, these men were on top of the world; the next, they were writhing in agony.
Ricardo felt good, so very good. After so many years, he had finally avenged his sister.
###Chapter 605
Chapter 605
By the time the chaos had subsided, the scene was beyond recognition, thick with the stench of blood. A few men lay gasping for breath in pools of their own making.
Ricardo gazed down at his dagger, its original color indistinguishable beneath the grime. He wiped his cheek with a finger, smearing the blood that had splattered on his face. The silence was deafening as if they were sealed in a vacuum.
He nudged the man at his feet with indifference and turned around, reluctantly avoiding Brielle's gaz?, Her eyes were so beautiful. It would be a shame if they showed fear. He'd hate to have to gouge them out.
She was probably just like that other woman, terrified of him, regarding him with disbelief and revulsion. Pity. He had wanted Brielle to live a bit longer, but old enemies had a way of revealing one's true nature. His lips curled into a smile as he turned to look at Brielle.
She stood a few meters away, blood slowly creeping toward the tips of her shoes. She stepped back, and Ricardo felt the gesture like a knife to his heart. So, the promise of sunlight was a lie after all. It was just a momentary fib he had foolishly believed.
If that were the case, then nobody would be spared tonight. All must die.
His hand was already moving with the dagger when he saw Brielle step forward, pushing him aside and pulling the trigger. The man who was barely hanging on to life was now unmistakably dead. Frozen, Ricardo watched as Brielle approached the other two men, stepping on one's chest and firing from a position of authority.
"Bang! Bang! Bang!"
After three shots, the faint cries for help were silenced; they were all dead.
Brielle tucked away the gun and turned to Aubree. She lay on the filthy, narrow bed motionless, her body covered in marks-bitten, kissed, a chaotic map of abuse.
Brielle looked on, her heart twisting in agony as she removed her clothing to cover Aubree.
Aubree's pupils, previously dilated, slowly focused, and she managed a weak smile. "Bri..."
Brielle bit her lip to keep from crying.
"Cough, cough, cough." Aubree's cough brought up more blood.
Tears rimmed Brielle's eyes as she picked up a tooth that had been knocked out of Aubree's mouth. Her hand trembled uncontrollably. The simple act of picking up the tooth was nearly impossible. Chapter 605
She dared not recall in detail what had happened to Aubree in the last two hours. Wiping away her tears, Brielle took a deep breath and tried to clean the blood from the tooth against her clothing. Aubree watched silently, weakly, as Brielle fumbled and fretted over the blood-stained tooth. It wouldn't come clean. Like her, it would never be clean again.
Aubree should have been feeling sorry for herself, falling apart, but the sight of Brielle, now deprived of all strength, made her feel pain deeper than the abuse she'd endured.
"Stop it." She reached out to grab Brielle's hand.
Brielle finally looked up, embracing Aubree and shaking with sobs. She clung desperately, as if releasing Aubree would make her vanish from this world.
Aubree was in too much pain to speak, each breath searing through her. She wanted to comfort Brielle, but she had no strength left. She could only offer a weak smile, wrap her arms around Brielle, and let her own tears fall.
All the injustice and despair became silent as mournful tears soaked Brielle's clothes.
Brielle was shaking with cold and fear. She wished it had been her who had suffered all this. She seethed with hatred for the mastermind behind this, for all those who used such acts to humiliate women. Brielle hated herself, too.
Dark thoughts crossed Brielle's mind as she glanced at the bodies on the floor. No need to guess-Tessa certainly sent them.
Only Tessa would stoop to that level to use such cruelty on Aubree.
Tessa. If she were here, Brielle would use that gun again without hesitation. But death was too good for Tessa. Brielle wanted that woman to lose everything, to pay dearly for today's actions. "Aubree, she won't get away with this. I'll make her suffer, make her pay for everything you've been through."
At that moment, Aubree cried out loud, clinging to Brielle.
###Chapter 606
Chapter 606
Aubree knew deep down it was Tessa. Only Tessa would do something like this to her, using such cruel tactics to destroy her life.
She wept until her body was wracked with sobs, until exhaustion finally cradled her into Brielle's arms.
Brielle held her close, her gaze drifting to a figure slumped in the corner. Was that Adrian? Sydney's boyfriend?
If Adrian hadn't already passed out, the sight of Ricardo and Brielle's handiwork would have likely scared him to death.
Ricardo stood amid a pool of blood, his back to Brielle, concealing his expression. His tongue peeked out, moistening his parched lips.
The brutality from moments ago had vanished, replaced by a tingling excitement. Brielle didn't recoil at his monstrous nature; instead, she had embraced her inner beast.
He fought back a laugh, knowing he must restrain himself lest he reveal his true self. Brielle was too intriguing, too precious to let die. He wanted her to live on. Despite trembling with excitement, he turned around, feigning vulnerability. "Ms. Haywood, what should I do? Did I just kill someone? Am I going to jail?" Brielle comforted him while holding Aubree close. "I'll have someone take care of it."
Ricardo's eyes then settled on Aubree. She looked disheveled. Her clothing barely covered her, and red marks trailed from her mouth down to her chest.
Ricardo offered his shirt, but Aubree, eyes shut and pale against Brielle, didn't take it. Ricardo realized his mistake his shirt was stained with the filth of those men. He quickly offered an apologetic smile. "Sorry, Aubree, do you want me to carry you? Ms. Haywood probably can't manage. Let's get you to the hospital."
Aubree couldn't utter a word as if she had slipped away entirely.
Ricardo hoisted her onto his back and made for the car outside.
Brielle stood amidst the chaos, glancing at the broken window that framed the serene moonlight. A sardonic smile crossed her lips, her eyes bloodshot. It felt like a moment straight out of Hugo's depiction of a tragic world.
The heart of man could cast infinite light or create boundless darkness. Light and dark intertwined, clashing - this was the world people longed for yet found utterly inescapable.
It was truly a miserable world.
She wiped her lips with a trembling finger, biting her tongue to maintain composure. Brielle had to be Aubree's pillar, and she couldn't crumble. Chapter 606
Taking a deep breath, she steadied her voice and dialed Patrick. He answered, still in the midst of a meeting. He had merely stepped out to retrieve essential documents. "Ms. Brielle."
"Patrick, I'm sending you an address. I need you to clean up the scene. There's also someone alive here. Don't ask what happened just yet. I know you and Max are busy, so just tidy up and hide this person. I'll need to borrow some folks from you later."
Patrick's face tensed, his heartbeat racing. Brielle's tone was calm, but her words sent chills down his spine. "Ms. Brielle, are you alright?"
"Patrick, I'm taking Aubree to the hospital. I'm fine. Please arrange everything, will you?"
"Alright, send me the address, and I'll have someone there promptly."
Brielle nodded and followed Ricardo and Aubree into the car. In the backseat, Aubree was truly asleep, curled up on the seat. Her position aggravated her wounds, and she whimpered in her sleep, calling out Andrew's name.
Andrew awoke with a start from Tessa's bed, his chest aching fiercely. The bedroom TV buzzed with the latest news, but Tessa was nowhere in sight.
Wrapped in a coat, Tessa was on the balcony, reviewing videos sent by her accomplices. In the videos, Aubree was raped repeatedly.
Tessa atmost burst into hysterical laughter but didn't want to wake Andrew, so she turned on the TV for cover and stepped onto the balcony to laugh quietly. That slut! Finally, she got what she deserved!
Aubree thought she could get away with seducing her own brother, did she? Bet she enjoyed being ravaged by those men.
Tessa's laughter filled the night, unaware that Andrew had risen from the bed.
Clutching his chest, he listened to the news reporting on the latest scientific studies.
"Once particles become entangled, no matter the distance, they can instantly affect each other, and this connection doesn't fade with distance."
Suddenly irate, Andrew snatched the remote and hurled it at the TV, shattering the screen.
###Chapter 607
Chapter 607
On the balcony, Tessa finally heard the commotion from the room. She quickly pocketed her phone. The video was her ace in the hole, not to be shared recklessly. It was to be kept safe. Whenever she felt down, she'd watch it and enjoy how Aubree was defiled on the bed by several
men.
A smirk played on her cheeks as she entered the bedroom. "Sorry, I just couldn't sleep and ended up flipping on the TV. Did I wake you, Andrew?"
Andrew didn't speak, feeling a bitter tang in his chest. The urge to lash out was strong. He rubbed his temples, his voice flat. "Turn off the TV."
For some reason, Tessa didn't dare provoke him now. He was having nightmares, perhaps? He seemed so grim, his pallor ghastly.
She hurriedly shut off the TV and tiptoed to the bed, wrapping her arms around him. "Let's just sleep."
Andrew, fighting a wave of nausea, lay back down.
At the hospital.
Doctors surrounded Aubree, their expressions grim. Everyone knew what she had endured, but no one dared ask for details.
After treating her wounds and assuring her that the missing tooth could be fixed, the doctors left the room.
Brielle, standing by, fought back tears. She would have rather endured all this herself than see Aubree suffer so.
Aubree blinked her stinging eyes. Her body ached, and she was utterly speechless. Her throat felt like it was clogged.
She gestured for Brielle to step out. She craved rest, to lie on this stark white bed until the end of time. Her voice was weak, and her body was drenched in sweat. Brielle stepped out to handle the hospital admission, leaving Aubree to her solitude.
Once alone, Aubree rushed to the en-suite bathroom to vomit. Her stomach burned as if on fire. Closing her eyes only brought back the vile words.
The men were dead, gone for good, but the violation shadowed her still.
Her stomach convulsed, spasming. Yet she called for no doctor, almost relishing the revolt of her body. It felt like breaking down, sinking into the mire, into the dark, where redemption was out of reach. When Brielle returned, she didn't enter the room right away. Aubree had asked for space, probably to process things on her own.
Chapter 607
Brielle blinked away the sting in her eyes and wandered to the opposite balcony. That was when she spotted Ricardo in the hallway. He looked shaken, undoubtedly by the events he'd witnessed. After a moment's thought, Brielle offered him some candy from her pocket.
Ricardo froze, staring at the colorful sweets in his palm, his face flushing. "Ms. Haywood, I'm not a kid anymore."
"Take it. You've been through a shock, haven't you?"
Her voice was raw, her eyes red, a clear sign of her own struggle against immense pain. Still, she sought to comfort him.
Ricardo managed a weak smile. "No. Ms. Haywood, am I going to jail?"
"No way, you're Stellar Stage's golden boy. I won't let you go to jail."
Patrick's guys should be handling things by now. After tonight, no one would know what happened there.
"Ricardo, you'll be fine. Trust me.”
"Yeah, I trust you."
A small smile tugged at Ricardo's lips. "But Ms. Haywood, aren't you scared of me after what
you saw?"
He had to ask. What was going on inside Brielle's head? She was so different.
"You were just scared. If anyone should be afraid, you should be scared of me. After all, I'm the one who ended a life." She looked down at her fingertips. She could smell the smell of bloom clinging to them. Maybe she was never normal.
Her
gaze fell. "Anyway, don't worry about what's next, Ricardo. Just play your part, and leave the rest to me."
"Okay, Ms. Haywood. I'll play my part."
"In your presence, I'll be the obedient and clean Ricardo," He thought.
Brielle nodded. "You must be exhausted and frightened. Go rest.".
Ricardo grinned, revealing sharp canines. "Alright."
He strolled out of the hospital in high spirits, when a man emerged from behind a tree nearby. "You fooled her with such a poor act. I wonder if Brielle is naive or just missing a screw."
###Chapter 608
Chapter 608
Ricardo arched an eyebrow. The undercurrent of violence that usually ran through his veins had ebbed away. He looked at the man before him, a hint of mirth twinkling in his eyes. "I'm in a good mood tonight, so don't feel like killing you. Quit buzzing around like an annoying fly."
The man didn't speak, casually crossing his arms across his chest. After a long pause, he finally asked, "What about the boss? He wants Brielle gone."
Ricardo looked up, his face the picture of innocence. "So you go back and tell him I've found a new plaything."
Indeed, to Ricardo, everyone was merely a toy. He was intrigued by Brielle - her emotions, her thoughts, and her entire being piqued his curiosity.
Such an interesting toy couldn't just die. The world would be so dull without her.
A violent glint flickered across the man's face. "Do you understand the consequences of your words?"
Ricardo squinted his eyes, his pale fingers twirling a dagger. "When I tire of this new toy, I'll head back."
The implication was clear: try to stop me, and I won't hesitate to eliminate the obstacle right
now.
The man caught sight of the dagger, and his expression froze for a moment. Ricardo was the most ruthless of them all.
His face could easily pass for that of a naive college kid to the outside world, but only those in his inner circle knew he was anything but. He could be anyone.
The boss had said it himself: Ricardo was born for the kill. No technique, no weapon was beyond his mastery. He was the strongest and the freest. He killed simply because he enjoyed
1. it.
The man eventually fell silent, huffing with frustration, "I'll report this to him, but you might not have many peaceful days ahead. Enjoy the calm while it lasts."
Ricardo looked up and smiled, looking disarmingly sweet. "I intend to have a blast."
The man left in a huff, powerless and annoyed.
Ricardo didn't usually talk so much. Tonight, his spirits were so high he even hummed a tune as he walked.
Meanwhile, Brielle stood on the balcony upstairs, gazing at the Beaconsfield night without a word. The most luxurious city also harbored the filthiest secrets.
She lowered her gaze and returned to Aubree's hospital room.
Aubree was still in the bathroom. Through the closed door, Brielle heard the sounds of retching
Chapter 608
and running water. She stood by the door, wanting to knock, but ultimately refrained.
Her mouth agape, she wanted to speak but couldn't utter a word.
Aubree emerged, locking eyes with her. Both faces flushed.
"Aubree, are you hungry?"
Aubree shook her head, dragging her weary body back to bed with Brielle trailing behind her.
The doctor's knock startled Aubree. Her whole body shivered - a reflex from her current state.
Seeing her like this pained Brielle even more. She stepped out to speak with the doctor, who handed her a morning-after pill with an apologetic look. "If she doesn't want a pregnancy, it's best to take this." Brielle's pupils contracted, her fingers trembling.
The doctor sighed, "Other test results will come in gradually. We don't know whether those men were carrying diseases since we don't have their identities. So, besides the morning-after pill, Miss Aubree might need to take some prophylactic meds."
Handing over several bottles of medication, the doctor added, "Please, do your best to convince the patient. If you wish to report this to the police, the hospital will provide all necessary reports."
Once the doctor left, Brielle leaned against the wall, legs giving way. She slid down to the floor as tears fell. There was nothing more powerless than a woman facing such a violation. If the outside world found out, Aubree's life would be destroyed.
Unbeknownst to Brielle at that moment, those men had already sent the video to Tessa.
The door to the room opened. Aubree came out and squatted in front of Brielle, swallowing the morning-after pill along with the other medications. She had heard the doctor's words and didn't want to carry the child of those beasts.
"Aubree," Brielle murmured her name but couldn't say more.
Aubree patted her shoulder, knelt down, and embraced her, voice choked with emotion. "The man who's still alive is named Adrian. He intended to kidnap you tonight, but he took me by mistake. I overheard their conversation; it seems Adrian has a girlfriend who must have said something to him, so he harbors a deep hatred for you and decided on revenge. As for the others, I feel like they were initially after me and just happened to join forces with Adrian."
Despite trembling uncontrollably, Aubree tried her best to endure the pain. The incident had happened, and all she could do now was share everything she knew with Brielle.
Brielle gripped her hand, trying to convey some strength, but Aubree's tears fell instantly. "I'm sorry, Bri, it hurts a bit. I can't control my tears."
###Chapter 609
Chapter 609
As Brielle's nostrils flared with heat, her eyes burned with unshed tears, and her breath steamed in the chilled air of the room. In the midst of her anguish, her mind was a whir of icy logic. "Tessa despises you, and she loathes me too. By doing this, she's hit two birds with one stone,"
Aubree's lips twitched into a mirthless smile. It had to be Tessa. No one else was capable of such malice.
Tessa had hoarded Andrew's affection for far too long, and now, she couldn't hold back any longer-she had made her move. There was just an unexpected twist in the tale.
Aubree began to shiver uncontrollably, sucking in a deep breath as she hoisted Brielle off the cold, unforgiving floor. "Bri, I want Tessa to lose everything," she whispered, her voice catching with emotion. "But I'm tired, so tired. I need to sleep, Bri. Just let me rest a while, will you?"
Brielle's heart clenched in agony. She had failed to protect her best friend. She had promised to make her more likable, only to see her torn down.
Tessa and the Rowland family!
Taking a deep breath, Brielle slowly patted Aubree's back. "I've figured out how to deal with the Rowlands. Whatever she owes you, I'll make sure she pays it back a hundredfold."
Mason had done his part well, convincing the Rowlands to splurge thirty billion on that plot of land. For a company to suddenly bleed thirty billion in cash was terrifying. A cash crisis like that could lead to bankruptcy. Even for Dorsey International, thirty billion was a hefty sum.
The Rowlands were already teetering on the edge, especially after their recent land-buying spree. They must've been stretched thin with bank loans and now was the time they were most vulnerable. Brielle couldn't wait any longer. Her fury was matched only by her icy calm.
She had done nothing wrong by being with Max. Why did everyone resort to such filthy tactics against her, even targeting her friends? Tessa and Alivia. These two were like daggers constantly dangling over Brielle's head. She would start by taking down the Rowlands.
Her expression darkened, a storm brewing in her eyes as she pondered her next move.
When she returned to Premier Palace, it was late. Wesley caught a glimpse of her somber face and wisely chose not to engage her in conversation.
Brielle skipped dinner, went straight upstairs, and, after freshening up, stood by the bedroom window to dial Tessa's number. Two o'clock in the morning was the perfect time to disrupt Tessa's sweet dreams. Tessa, still buzzing from the excitement of the video she had received, was too wired to sleep.
1/2
12:52
Chapter 609
The last thing she expected was a call from Brielle. Had the woman lost her mind, calling her in the middle of the night?
"Tessa," Brielle called out, her voice light with a soft chuckle. "Seems you're able to sleep just fine."
There was no bitterness in her tone, just a breezy detachment. Like Max, the angrier Brielle got, the calmer she became.
Hearing this, a flash of triumph crossed Tessa's eyes. Was Brielle panicking? Desperate?
Tessa's lips curled in smug satisfaction, but she wasn't foolish enough to spill everything. Instead, she taunted Brielle with the poise of a victor. "Why would I be sleepless? I'm sure you and Aubree are the ones tossing and turning tonight."
Brielle's grip on her phone tightened, then she chuckled again. "As long as you admit it's you, that's all that matters. I wouldn't want to accuse the wrong person."
A shadow passed through Tessa's eyes. What did Brielle mean by that? Was she planning revenge?
But how? Was she relying on Max?
Max was like Andrew's brother, after all. He would never harm Tessa.
###Chapter 610
Chapter 610
"Brielle, you must be talking in your sleep," Tessa said with a smug chuckle, "cause while you toss and turn, I'm out like a light. Nighty-night."
She hung up the phone with a sense of unprecedented satisfaction and a victorious exhale. Brielle had always acted so high and mighty, hadn't she? Now, here she was, calling in a panic in the dead of night. Tessa's smile widened at the thought. When the time was right, she'd release that video and watch Brielle's world crumble.
The decision had come easily to Tessa, especially after noticing Andrew's distracted air these past few days he had been with her. Women had a sixth sense about these things, and Tessa couldn't shake the feeling that Andrew's distraction had something to do with Aubree.
The conversation she'd had with Alivia only cemented her resolve. To break Brielle, Aubree had to be destroyed first. Alivia's words rang in Tessa's ears, spurring Tessa on to think of the operatives the Rowland family had trained. They'd make sure Aubree didn't stand a chance. "Serves her right," Tessa thought. Those two deserved each other's misery.
Although Brielle thought she wouldn't be able to sleep, she surprisingly fell into a deep, restful slumber. However, she could feel a piercing gaze on her, causing her to frown in her sleep, and eventually, she couldn't help but open her eyes. There was Max, sitting at the edge of her bed, his eyes bloodshot and dark circles more pronounced than ever.
Brielle's heart skipped a beat as she sat up quickly, noticing his crumpled suit jacket - such a departure from his usual impeccable self. He always looked sharp, his suits perfectly pressed. Seeing him like this, worn out and disheveled, was entirely new to her.
Max's bloodshot eyes blinked slowly, as if they were rusty gears that were finally beginning to turn. His whole being seemed to be that of a man who had been through the wringer.
She knew Max had been briefed about the gruesome scene by Patrick, and she wondered what it had been like for him to sit there silently, watching over her. His work was demanding, and the news must have hit him hard.
His voice was hoarse when he finally spoke. "Are you hurt?"
He had rushed back without a moment's hesitation. Without disturbing her sleep, he just watched her resting face.
He'd seen the photos from the scene, never imagining that Brielle would have to experience such a nightmare. Seeing her safe and sound before him, he blinked away the stinging in his eyes. "Thank god you're not hurt," he said, his voice rough with emotion.
Brielle's heart clenched at the sound.
He leaned his head gently against her shoulder, letting out a sigh of relief. "What do you want to do?"
Brielle tensed. He knew she would take action. No one could expect her to let whoever was Chapter 610
behind this get away with it.
"Whatever you decide, I'm with you. I've got your back." Then Max saw her wrist. The wound on her wrist was almost healed, but now it was bleeding profusely again, with even the stitches showing. He grabbed Brielle's other hand to check it, and sure enough, there were still traces of blood under her nails.
His eyes immediately reddened. "But don't hurt yourself."
He had spotted the wound on her wrist for a while, but had been holding back from asking. He gave her enough freedom to deal with what she wanted to do, but he hoped she would share those things with him.
"I'm here for you."
Max's words were the most romantic she'd ever heard. Her heart felt like it had been punched, tender and raw.
Patrick's knock came from the door, his voice cautious - this clearly wasn't his first attempt at summoning Max. "Sir, the final board meeting has been going on for thirty minutes. They're waiting for you to speak."
The last meeting with their business partners was crucial. If Max kept delaying, the acquisition they'd all but secured could fall through. Patrick was anxious. As much as he worried about Brielle's condition, his role as Max's assistant meant he was even more concerned about any potential damage to Max's career.
Brielle picked up on Patrick's urgency and nudged Max. "You better get to that meeting. We'll talk when you're done."
"Alright." Max's voice was rasper as he nodded slowly. He splashed cold water on his face in the bathroom, donned a fresh suit, gave her a kiss on the forehead, and then strode out the door, ready to face the business world once again.
###Chapter 611
Chapter 611
Brielle shielded her eyes as she watched his retreating figure. She realized that her relationship with Max had hit an unprecedented impasse.
The car crash the day before yesterday might have been orchestrated by Max's kin, and last night's debacle was the Rowland family's doing. It seemed like the whole world was against her.
All because she was with Max.
A fiery determination flickered in her eyes. If being with Max meant defying most of Beaconsfield, then so be it.
After freshening up, she stepped out just in time to bump into Patrick. He nodded with respect. "Ms. Brielle, I'm relieved you're alright."
It was no wonder that the president had left everything and everyone behind last night to rush to Brielle's side and watch over her all night. The scene had been too horrific, and it was difficult to imagine anyone who had been through such an ordeal not being on the brink of madness.
Patrick had half expected to find a woman teetering on the edge of collapse, thinking Brielle might break down in tears when she saw Max. But when he followed Max back, he heard Wesley say Brielle had already fallen asleep.
What woman could fall asleep so quickly after witnessing such horror? Patrick found himself admiring Brielle's strength while also pitying Max.
For every ounce of sorrow Ms. Brielle felt, Max experienced it tenfold. If Ms. Brielle's heart was slightly bruised, Max's was probably already shattered.
Perhaps it was the tragedy and greatness of this world that life rarely offered truth. Yet it was filled with so many forms of love.
Absurdities ruled, but love was the savior. That was Max for you.
Brielle didn't dwell on it much longer. Instead, she inquired about Adrian's whereabouts, as she had some questions for him.
Patrick hesitated, then asked, "Shouldn't we wait for the president's meeting to end?"
She couldn't wait another moment. She needed to act now, or else once she had a moment of calm, she'd remember Aubree's despairing eyes, her body marred with marks, and that gruesome, bloodied tooth.
Patrick was about to make arrangements to escort her when Max's voice echoed from the study. "Don't go off on your own. Wait for me."
He had been listening to the commotion outside all along.
Chapter 611
Brielle stiffened, thinking he was supposed to be in a meeting. Then she heard him continue to engage with the people on the other side of the camera, earning applause.
Patrick sighed somewhat helplessly. "Ms. Brielle, since that's the case, please wait for Mr. Dorsey. Otherwise, I'll have a tough time explaining things once the meeting is over."
Brielle nodded. With Max having said that, she naturally didn't dare to act on her own.
Seizing the moment, Patrick suggested, "Ms. Brielle, why don't you head downstairs for a meal? Wesley was worried you looked ill when you came back last night, and he's been brewing a nourishing soup for you since early this morning."
Wesley had a penchant for brewing soups.
Feeling hollow inside, Brielle made her way downstairs. Wesley immediately instructed the kitchen to serve the soup. "Ms. Brielle, please drink up. Were you ill last night? You looked so pale. This soup will boost your health."
"Wesley, I'm sorry for worrying you. By the way, do we have any vitamins? Could I have a bottle?" Brielle asked.
Curiosity flickered in Wesley's eyes. What did Ms. Brielle need vitamins for? But he didn't pry and quickly fetched a bottle of imported vitamins.
Brielle tore off the packaging so no one could see what was inside. Her smiled slightly as she tucked the bottle into her purse and then leisurely began sipping her soup.
By the time Max finished his meeting, an hour had passed. During that time, Brielle had Patrick arrange for someone to apprehend Sydney and bring her to Dorsey International, though Brielle made sure Sydney wasn't detained with Adrian.
###Chapter 612
Chapter 612
Sydney had played a pivotal role in the drama unfolding between Aubree and Adrian. It was clear that she was the key to understanding the whole mess. Brielle hopped into her car and drove straight to the place where the two were being held.
Adrian was already awake, glaring at her with such resentment that it seemed he would love nothing more than to tear her to pieces.
Brielle chuckled, "You know, I don't recall having any bad blood with you, so why don't you enlighten me on why you decided to pull that stunt last night?" No bad blood?
A sneer crossed Adrian's face. Brielle had some nerve talking like that, or maybe she just didn't give a damn about the harm she had caused Sydney. "Brielle, whatever you did to hurt Sydney, I'll do the same to you. I'll make sure you pay back a hundredfold for every bit of suffering you caused her." Brielle found it amusing, and she actually laughed. "I'm curious, what exactly did she tell you? She was the one I brought up with my own hands at Dorsey International. Now she's throwing her weight around the department, and she's been hooking up with Spencer more times than I can count. She must have reaped quite a few benefits from Spencer. She should be thanking me, really. Oh, and that first night we met, wasn't she in Spencer's bed? She even gave you a call to spice things up. I felt sorry for you then, but you seem to be blindly devoted and ignoring the glaring truth."
"Shut up! How could you say that?!" Shock painted Adrian's face. Sydney couldn't be that kind of woman!
Brielle raised an eyebrow. "I brought Sydney along, too. It might be best to settle this face to face."
She glanced at Max. "I'll head over to where Sydney is."
Max nodded, sitting silently in the corner, his mood visibly somber. It was evident he was not in good spirits. Even with the recent win of an overseas acquisition, his mood had failed to lift.
The wound on Brielle's wrist was like a thorn piercing his heart. He had hoped that the scar would heal over time, that maybe next time, she would learn to come clean and tell him what happened to her. However, Brielle's actions were like ripping open that wound again in the cruelest way possible. Max was no fool; he understood this was her way of saying that they would both go down if he tried to stop her. She would rather destroy everything than be stopped.
She didn't say a word, but he understood all too well. It was like two wounded souls, laying bare their most fragmented pains to each other.
12:39
Brielle was blaming him, and she was blaming herself. If they had never been together, none of this would've happened..
Every time she saw Aubree, guilt would surge in her heart. How long could such a relationship filled only with heavy remorse possibly last?
The previous night, while Max was sitting by Brielle's bedside, he had pondered what she might say upon waking up. Maybe she'd suggest breaking up.
The moment she opened her eyes, he indeed saw a flicker of doubt. Perhaps for a moment, she was truly tired of their relationship.
How could this be? After all, he hadn't done anything wrong, had he?
Max closed his eyes, his lashes trembling.
Brielle went to the room where Sydney was kept, accompanied by the same uniformed man from before. He stood up slowly, giving her a nod as she entered.
Upon her arrival, Sydney's pupils shrank with fear, thinking her misdeeds had been exposed. She had been so discreet. Alivia had assured her that Brielle would never suspect her and that
she'd think someone else was to blame.
Why had Brielle captured her so soon after the incident?
Before meeting Brielle, Sydney had always been a quiet, well-behaved person. Though her heart harbored pettiness, she had hidden it well.
She hadn't been through much, but after getting involved with Spencer, greed had taken root. She was terrified after being brought here, and she didn't dare meet Brielle's gaze.
She hated Brielle so much-her mockery and her success with men-it all made Sydney feel humiliated and envious.
If Brielle didn't exist, Max would surely fancy Sydney, and Spencer would be wrapped around her finger. But it was that bitch who had stolen the attention of both men.
Sydney clenched her teeth, convinced that Brielle wouldn't dare touch her, so she sneered. "Brielle, you actually had the nerve to grab me? Do you realize this is illegal?"
Brielle ignored her taunt and turned to the uniformed man instead. "Pull out one of her teeth. You guys are good at this kind of thing, right?"
Brielle had a feeling that this uniformed man and the three men from last night were in the same line of work, and he had been trained by Max himself.
Max had his secrets, but Brielle had no intention of delving deeper into them.
###Chapter 613
Chapter 613
The man in the uniform nodded and picked up a pair of pliers from the side, striding over to where Sydney stood.
Sydney thought she must have misheard. Was he going to extract her teeth? It would be without any anesthesia also. Sydney's face instantly drained of color, and her body began to tremble uncontrollably. "Brielle, you're not serious, are you? You do know this is illegal, right? I'll sue you for abuse! And unlawful imprisonment!"
Brielle had already closed her eyes, her mind flooded with the ordeal Aubree had gone through the night before. Just the thought of it made a storm of fury brew in her eyes.
The uniformed man forcibly pried open Sydney's mouth, the pliers inching closer. Sydney was terrified and attempted to scream. She had never encountered such a display of force in her life. Brielle meant business! She was truly set on tormenting her!
Sydney's legs gave out, and she collapsed to her knees. "Whatever you want to know, I'll tell you! Just please don't do this to me!"
So much for her bravado, it turned out Sydney was just a pushover.
With a subtle gesture from Brielle, the uniformed man stepped aside. Sweat beaded on Sydney's forehead. She stared at Brielle as if she were a monster.
How could Brielle be so calm about pulling someone's teeth? Brielle was nothing short of a devil! She should never have crossed a devil like Brielle.
"Brielle! You think you're untouchable because Mr. Dorsey likes you! But I see right through you! You don't care about him one bit! You're just after the power he wields!"
A flicker of impatience crossed Brielle's eyes, but she continued along the lines Sydney had given her. "You're right. My relationship with Max is all about what he holds in his hands. He can be my tool - my weapon. Like right now, if I wanted you gone, he'd clean up the mess for me. That's all I care about - Max's status. Whether he fancies me or I fancy him, it's irrelevant."
Max had just reached the door and was about to push it open, but he stopped dead at Brielle's words. His lips pursed, a storm brewing in his eyes.
She really did harbor a grudge. Otherwise, she wouldn't have said such things, even in anger. This grudge must've been making her uncomfortable, hence the harsh words.
Brielle herself was beginning to doubt their relationship, albeit ever so slightly, and she didn't even realize it because she was too close to the situation.
He didn't enter the room and instead turned back to the room where Adrian was being held,
1/2
12:39
Chapter 613
missing the words Brielle spoke next.
*Does that make you feel better now?" Brielle asked coolly, her eyes devoid of any mirth. "Anyway, no one would believe that I'm with him for him. I'm curious, though, why is that?"
Despite everything, there was more to Max than his power. He had an allure that went beyond that, but everyone seemed to think Brielle was only after his influence.
The
The uniformed man stood by the window. He had seen Max approach but didn't interrupt Brielle. After Brielle delivered her line, Max stiffened and then walked away. The man in the uniform gave a small knowing smile, then composed himself once again.
Brielle had no desire to engage further with Sydney. "I ask, and you answer."
Sydney trembled, not daring to provoke Brielle any further, and averted her gaze.
Brielle stood up and instructed the man, "Take her to Adrian's room.
He nodded and grabbed Sydney by the collar of her shirt.
Brielle led the way to Adrian's room, where Max still sat on the windowsill, lost in thought as he gazed at the sunshine outside. Brielle was about to reveal another side of herself in front of him.
Adrian, roughed up the night before, could barely sit upright and leaned against the wall. His face flushed with urgency when Sydney was brought in. "Sydney!" he exclaimed.
Sydney's eyes were filled with guilt. She couldn't bear to meet Adrian's gaze.
Brielle took her seat again. "Sydney, your boyfriend is here. You'd better clear up all those lies you've spread about me."
Sydney shuddered, recalling Brielle's methods, and dared not withhold anything. However, she had another card to play. She knelt down, pale as a ghost, and turned to Adrian. "Adrian, I'm sorry. Everything I told you was a lie. Brielle never bullied me, and I don't have depression. I'm sorry for deceiving you." Her sobs were pitiful, more so than when she faced the threat of a tooth extraction.
This way, Adrian would only think Sydney was saying these things out of fear of Brielle.
###Chapter 614
Chapter 614
Adrian leaned heavily against the wall. His eyes narrowed into slits as he glared at Brielle with venom. "Brielle, what the hell did Sydney do to piss you off that you'd go this far? You're downright evil!" A smirk flitted across Sydney's face. Adrian clearly thought Brielle was forcing her hand.
Brielle ignored Adrian, casually tossed an unbranded health supplement from her bag, and curled her lips into a sneer.
"There's only room for one of you to walk away from this. Whoever manages to shove this poison down the other's throat first gets to live. Don't think for a second I'm joking."
Adrian's pupils contracted sharply, his chest trembling with rage. "No way! We're not falling for your sick games. I would never do that to Sydney, and she wouldn't do that to me-"
His words were cut short as he saw Sydney snatch the bottle from the ground and slowly approach him. Adrian's face turned ashen, almost believing he was hallucinating.
It was a trick! It had to be. There was no way Sydney would go for that bottle without a second thought.
Sydney realized she might have been too obvious and could not meet Adrian's gaze. She grabbed the bottle out of fear that Adrian would get to it first. If he did, wouldn't she be the one to die?
Brielle let out a light chuckle. "You have five minutes. If you don't make a decision by then, I'll make one for you."
Sydney's eyes narrowed. Brielle had already shown a clear dislike for her. If the decision was left to Brielle, Sydney was certain she wouldn't survive. But if Adrian were to die, she could live. She wasn't worried about Brielle reneging on her word. After all, there were witnesses nearby.
Despite feeling ruffled and humiliated by Brielle in front of Max, whom she had feelings for, the will to live was far more enticing. Clutching the bottle tightly, Sydney didn't hesitate to move
closer to Adrian.
Adrian braced himself but found he lacked the strength to even shift his position. "Sydney..."
His injuries from the previous night, including several broken ribs, left him in excruciating pain, struggling to breathe. But Sydney's current choice was like a knife to his heart. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he would never have believed it!
Tears began to roll down his cheeks as he whispered, "Sydney, am I dreaming this?"
This had to be a nightmare. He wanted to fall back asleep and awaken to reality.
Sydney was already standing before him, her voice cold and distant. "Adrian, I have no choice. You love me, don't you? If you truly love me, you'd die for me, right? I'm so sorry, but I want to
1/2
12:40 A
Chapter 614
live."
Brielle, overhearing this pathetic exchange, felt the urge to vomit. Sydney was manipulating a man's feelings to achieve her despicable ends, showing no hesitation in asking him to die for her. She had thought Sydney was just foolish, but it was clear now she was both foolish and
vile.
Adrian felt so weak he wanted to laugh. How did things come to this?
Brielle watched him with a hint of pity and finally spoke up. "I've told you before, she and Spencer were a willing pair. She even called you to make things more 'entertaining, and you wouldn't believe it. While you were out there working yourself to the bone, she was likely in Spencer's bed, earning more money than you'll ever see in your lifetime. But did she ever tell you?"
Brielle stepped closer, snatched Sydney's phone, unlocked it with Sydney's face, and scrolled to the banking app messages.
The sight of the bank balance made Adrian's eyes widen with shock, blurring his vision as Brielle's words echoed in his mind. "She pushed you to confront me. If you ended up in jail, she could easily dump you and be with Spencer, free from gossip. After all these years, it seems you never really knew her."
Adrian's teeth chattered with rage, his eyes bloodshot. He wanted to scream back at Brielle, to curse her, but the guilt in Sydney's eyes betrayed her.
Everything Brielle said was true. It turned out that all along, he was the biggest fool of all.
How laughable.
Adrian wanted to cry but found that when one reached the depths of despair, tears wouldn't come. He just felt pitiful.
Sydney, firm and unyielding, forced his mouth open and poured the contents of the bottle down his throat.
Now that Adrian knew the truth, she couldn't let him live. Adrian had to die.
###Chapter 615
Chapter 615 "Ugh!"
Adrian gagged as his mouth was crammed full of pills. Sydney forced him to clamp his jaw shut with fierce determination.
He passed out cold. The injuries from last night, coupled with today's ordeal, had pushed him to his limit.
However, Sydney mistook this for the poison taking effect, her fingertips quivering as the medicine bottle slipped from her grasp. She collapsed to her knees, her lips trembling uncontrollably. Brielle chuckled softly, "You didn't hold back when you did the deed, so what's with the act now?"
Sydney cast a glance at Max, who sat nonchalantly by the window, seemingly detached from the whole affair, and couldn't help but speak up. "Mr. Dorsey, is this the kind of woman you favor? Do you really know who she is beneath the mask?"
A shaft of sunlight fell perfectly on Max's suit. Hearing this, his eyelashes fluttered, but he ignored Sydney.
He was fond of Brielle, regardless of her true nature. It was nobody else's business.
But now, there were issues between them.
A pang of pain shot through his heart, and his brows furrowed involuntarily.
Unaware of his unease, Brielle stood up. "You won't need to come to Dorsey International anymore. As for where else you want to go, no one will stop you. You're free to leave now."
A spark of hope lit up in Sydney's eyes. Could she really go? Was Brielle truly willing to let her off the hook? Sydney cautiously gauged Brielle's expression, which seemed sincere, so she threw caution to the wind and started running for the door.
After sprinting a good distance, Sydney leaned against a wall to catch her breath. Max was still backing Brielle, so no one could touch her for now. Damn it!
Sydney was seething with frustration, yet relieved she was still alive. She had to wait for the day Max would utterly discard Brielle.
She now had plenty of money to live well. So what if she couldn't work at Dorsey International? She could buy a house right now. Adrian was as good as dead. She'd just tell everyone that Adrian had run off with another woman, with all the blame falling on him, while she walked away with a hefty sum and into Spencer's arms.
If Max didn't want her, she might as well set her sights on Spencer.
Triumph glinted in Sydney's eyes. Brielle would regret letting her go someday.
Back in the room, Brielle glanced at the uniformed man. "Bring him around."
The man nodded, fetched a bucket of water, and doused Adrian's face with it.
Adrian jolted awake and saw Brielle's face and then his surroundings. A cold light flashed in his eyes when he noticed the absence of Sydney.
"Stop looking. She's gone. The moment she felt safe, she didn't hesitate to leave."
1/2
13.10
Chapter 615
Adrian's lips pressed into a tight line as he knelt before Brielle despite the excruciating pain in his body.
Brielle raised an eyebrow. "Adrian, if you really died, Sydney would probably slander you even in death. Are you content with that? I can give you a chance"
A playful glint danced in her eyes. "If you leave now, you can still catch her. If you really want revenge, strike when she's at her most triumphant. What do you say?"
Blood trickled from the corner of Adrian's mouth, but he seemed oblivious to the pain, respectfully averting his gaze. "I'll do whatever you ask of me just to stay alive, Ms. Brielle”
He would never let Sydney get away!
"I won't kill you. You just need to pursue what you most desire"
What would a man who had just faced utter despair and had been poisoned by the woman he loved do in his rage? She was quite looking forward to it.
"You may go." Her tone was nonchalant, and though she had little taste for such deceit, the incident with Aubree had hit her hard. From the moment she got involved with Maz, she knew her life would never be peaceful again. Every step was like walking on the edge of a knife, cautious and fragile. A return to a calm life was no longer possible.
After everything, she finally turned to Max. He straightened his suit, rising slowly with a distant expression, composed and unruffled, "Max, if I move against the Rowland family, what will you do?"
Unexpectedly, Max reached out, grasped her chin, and studied her face intently, "I won't stop you."
"But if you're considering breaking up with me, don't blame me for not fulfilling any of your desires anymore," he thought,
###Chapter 617
Chapter 617
"If Mr. Clements makes a move on Ms. Brielle, what then? You know how protective he is of Ms. Tessa. He never wants her to face the slightest hardship."
"I don't see Brielle coming out on the losing end."
Even if she faced Andrew, she might not lose. Brielle wasn't the kind to clash head-on without thinking; she had a knack for finding people's Achilles' heel and exploiting it.
What was Andrew's Achilles' heel? Perhaps even Andrew himself didn't know that his vulnerability wasn't limited to Tessa.
Patrick fell silent and then stood off to the side quietly.
Max coughed a few times and raised a hand to his forehead, which seemed feverish. He closed his eyes again for a moment and spoke with a hoarse voice, "Let's wrap up the unfinished meetings in the next couple of days."
"Sir, you can't keep this up. It'll take its toll on your health."
Of course, Max was aware of his deteriorating condition. He almost wished he would pass out if only to garner a speck of Brielle's attention.
He pressed a hand to his temple and muttered, "It's fine. I want to conclude all the remaining overseas conferences, including the domestic ones, as soon as possible."
Unable to sway him, Patrick reluctantly reached out to the overseas contacts to reschedule the remaining meetings as soon as possible.
Meanwhile, in the bedroom, Brielle continued her conversation with Mason, who updated her.
"The Rowland family's land purchase has been approved. The government has made the announcement. They were in such a rush to offload that plot that it hit the papers in less than a month. The Rowlands are celebrating as we speak, Brielle. What's our next move?"
A sly smile curled on Brielle's lips. The news in the papers meant the Rowland family's whopping three hundred million had already been wired abroad. Regret was pointless now. The money was gone. Thirty billion for a worthless plot of land was enough to weigh them down. With such a blow to their cash flow, none of the Rowlands would sleep well tonight.
"Mason, there's nothing more for you to do. The Rowland folks will get the news soon enough." The Rowland family was on cloud nine, having snagged the most coveted piece of real estate abroad. This deal had been orchestrated by Tessa herself, currently the most pivotal figure in the Rowland household. Such a significant move naturally required her blessing.
Now, assisted by Sophia, Tessa was settling down gracefully in the center of the grand hall. The other Rowlands were busy buttering her up.
12:01
Chapter 6
"Indeed, we've plunged thirty billion into this venture, but we might just recoup a hundred billon in the coming years. It's a savvy investment." Tessa's lips curled up in pride. After trampling over kubree and taking down Brielle, she feed a massive professional win and felt positively elated.
She cleared her throat, glancing at Andrew beside her. "What do you think, Andrew?
Andrew seemed a million miles away, feeling stifled ever since being startled aviake the night before. With his chiseled features and a commanding presence, his mood could overshadow everyone in the room. Right now, his silence was making tessa nervous. "Andrew, what's on your mind?"
He looked up, his voice gravelly. "What did you say?"
Unaware of his distraction, Tessa patiently recounted her recent overseas triumph.
"Well done," he said, a smile touching his lips. However, he felt removed from the festivis, if only his body was present and his mind was elsewhere.
Austin caught the dynamic between them. He knew how Andrew had been taking care of Tessa in the Rowland family and had a thought.
"Since we're all here, why don't you and Andrew tie the knot?"
"Exactly. You two have known each other for years, and Tessa, you're on the mend."
"Let's pay a visit to the Clements today and settle everything once and for all."
Tessa's smug smile broadened. If Andrew dared to refuse, she'd leak Aubree's video online, leaving her nowhere to hide.
The crowd began to buzz with talk.
"Sophia's already got her marriage license with Spencer. As the elder sister, it's your turn to make a move."
"Right; how often does the younger sister marry before the older one?"
Sophia, catching the remark, flashed a scornful look. Her marriage to Spencer was a sham at best. Now an outcast from the Dorsey family, he couldn't even support himself. Michael felt guilty and transferred all of Spencer's properties into her name. She'd never run out of money, but the life arranged by the Rowlands still rankled her.
The murmurs grew louder as if a visit to the Clements to discuss wedding plans was imminent. All eyes turned to Andrew. Tessa clung to his arm, her eyes filled with hope.
###Chapter 618
Chapter 618
Andrew felt a sense of unease that he couldn't shake. Everything around him was unsettling, yet he had promised to marry Tessa. Hadn't this been his pursuit all these years? What was he hesitating for now? Just as he was about to say yes, a chorus of ringtones erupted among the members of the Rowland family.
Austin, upon answering his call, nearly leaped out of his chair. "What did you say?!" After a few more words from the other end, his face turned ashen.
Tessa watched him, a premonition of dread creeping into her heart.
"Dad, what's going on?" Austin's complexion went ghostly pale and seemed on the verge of collapse.
The faces of the other Rowlands who had received calls were equally grim. The government abroad had just announced a new five-year plan that didn't include the land they had purchased. They had been duped, thirty billion down the drain.
Few companies could withstand the loss of thirty billion in cash flow. Even a top-tier conglomerate like Dorsey International would have to convene an emergency meeting. So, naturally, everyone looked as if they were attending a funeral, their gazes turning toward Tessa.
Realizing that something had happened and that Andrew must not find out, Tessa kept her smile taut, still holding Andrew's hand.
"Andrew, I'm feeling much better now. You should check on your parents. I'll pay them a visit soon."
Interrupting the marriage plans seemed to relieve Andrew. He nodded, kissed her cheek, exchanged a few words with the others, and took his leave..
As soon as he was gone, the mood at the scene plummeted.
Tessa's eyes narrowed in anger as she saw the mourning faces around her. "What the hell happened?!"
Austin approached her, his voice hoarse with emotion. "The land we spent thirty billion on overseas is worthless. The government has no plans for it.
#1
"How could this happen?!" Tessa stood up so quickly she nearly fainted from fury.
The Rowland family had spent the past six months acquiring land for healthcare
1/2
12:08
Chapter 618
expansion. This thirty billion was the largest liquid assets they could muster. If they couldn't recoup the funds, all their other projects would collapse. Material suppliers and contractors wouldn't get paid and would refuse to cooperate, grinding
construction on all their lands to a halt. It was a severe crisis, one that could spell the life or death of the Rowland family.
Tessa's face drained of color as she began to cough violently. "How could this be? Didn't the government promise to develop that area within five years?"
The rest of the Rowlands, still stunned by the news, sighed deeply. "We may have fallen for a government trick, and various other powers have been inflating the price. What should have cost us twenty billion ended up draining our last penny. What do we do now?"
Without cash, the company would have to turn to the banks for a lifeline. But banks weren't charitable organizations; the interest alone could be crippling.
Moreover, in their eagerness to expand, they'd already borrowed heavily. Many banks had extended their maximum credit and were now likely to refuse further loans.
Tessa, panic-stricken, felt the sweat bead on her forehead as she dug her nails into her palms, overwhelmed by anxiety. If the Rowland family fell, she would no longer be respected by others; she would become the laughingstock of many.
The humiliation she felt while playing the piano that night returned in full force, making her feel sick to her stomach. No, she couldn't let the Rowland family collapse. She had to come up with a solution fast.
Before she could take any action, however, the Rowlands received urgent calls from the banks. Bankers were always quick to sniff out trouble. They had heard about the overseas debacle and were now probing to see just how crucial that thirty billion was to the Rowland family. If it was vital enough to be a matter of life and death, then the Rowlands would have to settle their debts sooner rather than later.
###Chapter 619
Chapter 619
The faces of the Rowland clan were ashen, a ghostly parade of worry that only lifted when they all turned to Tessa after a series of tense calls with the bank.
"What do we do now, Tess?" they asked, their voices tinged with a dread that
mirrored the pallor of their skin.
The family was in deep, with other ventures already sucking dry their resources, and hundreds of billions more needed to keep the wheels turning. If this one project didn't pay off, the financial blow could be catastrophic for the Rowlands.
Tessa's lips quivered as she slumped in her chair, the weight of the world on her shoulders. Austin quickly stepped forward, giving her a reassuring pat on the back. "Look, it's not the end of the road. If you and Andrew tie the knot, we can ride the Clements' coattails for a fundraising round. With the two families united, those venture capitalists will be falling over themselves and throwing money our way. A few hundred billion? We'll have it in no time."
The thought of it made Tessa's head throb with pain. She was the linchpin, and she knew it.
Her father was right; the banks were getting wind of their troubles and had started their probing calls. They wouldn't lend any more to plug the gaping financial abyss, and loan sharks were out of the question- with compound interest, the debt would skyrocket to an unpayable sum.
The Rowland family's net worth might be in the hundreds of billions, but that was all tied up in projects and illiquid assets. Market valuation was just smoke and mirrors; cash flow was the lifeblood of their empire.
Without it, their hundred-billion-dollar enterprise was like a towering skyscraper with its foundation blocks being pulled out one by one, ready to collapse.
The only way out was Austin's plan-to marry into the Clements family and keep the Rowlands afloat. And they couldn't breathe a word of this to the Clements. If they caught even a whiff of the Rowlands' financial desperation, would they still want this union?
In a high-society place like Beaconsfield, where family names were currency, it was all about the interests. Once you stripped away the pleasantries, you were left with cold, hard transactions. Without her status, even speaking to Andrew would be a struggle.
1/3
12:08
Chapter 619
She had to marry Andrew and fast. A wedding would smooth the path to fundraising, keeping the Rowlands troubles at bay.
With a deep breath in and a smile plastered on her face, Tessa reassured them, "No need to panic. Everyone knows Andrew wants to marry me. I'll just drop by the Clements' home, chat with his parents, and we'll set a date. Once the news is out, Dad, you, and the uncles can start the fundraising in secret. We'll get the money."
Austin's features softened with relief as he gave Tess another supportive pat. "Tess, we're all counting on you now."
Tessa lifted her head high, the de facto leader of this worried pack. "Don't worry, Dad. It's as good as done. Andrew's been eager to marry me. We'll set the date for next week, and the Rowland family will be free from any threat."
Sophia was eavesdropping on every word. She had been in cahoots with Mason and was brought into the fold by Brielle herself. The offer had been too tempting to refuse. Joining now meant a place at the core of the company.
The Rowlands, William-all would soon be beneath her.
She trusted Brielle, so when Mason revealed the plan, excitement, and anxiety warred within her. Excitement for the Rowlands' impending doom and anxiety for what could go wrong in Mason and Brielle's scheme.
If the government did indeed develop that piece of land, and if the information Brielle received was incorrect, what should they do? The Rowland family was unaware of this information, so where did Brielle herself obtain it from?
But, ever the rock, Mason simply said, "Trust her."
Sophia had chosen to work with Brielle for exactly that reason-Brielle's uncanny ability to inspire confidence.
As Sophia watched the Rowlands' troubled faces, she couldn't help but feel a sense of schadenfreude. Without even trying, Brielle had backed them into a corner, and proud Tessa was ready to barter her marriage to save them.
Sophia wasted no time relaying the Rowlands' plan to marry into the Clements family
to Brielle.
Brielle, unsurprised, knew this was the Rowlands' only shot at survival. Andrew would probably be willing to marry Tessa. With this, Brielle's gaze darkened.
The Clements were in the jewelry trade, and if Brielle wanted to keep Andrew too busy
to help the Rowlands, she'd need Dustin's help. But reaching out to Dustin always
2/3
12:09
Chapter 619.
seemed to be a plea for assistance, and that made her feel uneasy.
After a minute's hesitation, she dialed his number.
Dustin picked up quickly. A cigarette was casually perched between his fingers as he
leaned out of his car window, gazing at the opulent scene before him.
He glittered in his solitude with a golden sheen as though he reveled in a world papered with opulence and dazzle.
###Chapter 620
Chapter 619
The faces of the Rowland clan were ashen, a ghostly parade of worry that only lifted when they all turned to Tessa after a series of tense calls with the bank.
"What do we do now, Tess?" they asked, their voices tinged with a dread that
mirrored the pallor of their skin.
The family was in deep, with other ventures already sucking dry their resources, and hundreds of billions more needed to keep the wheels turning. If this one project didn't pay off, the financial blow could be catastrophic for the Rowlands.
Tessa's lips quivered as she slumped in her chair, the weight of the world on her shoulders. Austin quickly stepped forward, giving her a reassuring pat on the back. "Look, it's not the end of the road. If you and Andrew tie the knot, we can ride the Clements' coattails for a fundraising round. With the two families united, those venture capitalists will be falling over themselves and throwing money our way. A few hundred billion? We'll have it in no time."
The thought of it made Tessa's head throb with pain. She was the linchpin, and she knew it.
Her father was right; the banks were getting wind of their troubles and had started their probing calls. They wouldn't lend any more to plug the gaping financial abyss, and loan sharks were out of the question- with compound interest, the debt would skyrocket to an unpayable sum.
The Rowland family's net worth might be in the hundreds of billions, but that was all tied up in projects and illiquid assets. Market valuation was just smoke and mirrors; cash flow was the lifeblood of their empire.
Without it, their hundred-billion-dollar enterprise was like a towering skyscraper with its foundation blocks being pulled out one by one, ready to collapse.
The only way out was Austin's plan-to marry into the Clements family and keep the Rowlands afloat. And they couldn't breathe a word of this to the Clements. If they caught even a whiff of the Rowlands' financial desperation, would they still want this union?
In a high-society place like Beaconsfield, where family names were currency, it was all about the interests. Once you stripped away the pleasantries, you were left with cold, hard transactions. Without her status, even speaking to Andrew would be a struggle.
1/3
12:08
Chapter 619
She had to marry Andrew and fast. A wedding would smooth the path to fundraising, keeping the Rowlands troubles at bay.
With a deep breath in and a smile plastered on her face, Tessa reassured them, "No need to panic. Everyone knows Andrew wants to marry me. I'll just drop by the Clements' home, chat with his parents, and we'll set a date. Once the news is out, Dad, you, and the uncles can start the fundraising in secret. We'll get the money."
Austin's features softened with relief as he gave Tess another supportive pat. "Tess, we're all counting on you now."
Tessa lifted her head high, the de facto leader of this worried pack. "Don't worry, Dad. It's as good as done. Andrew's been eager to marry me. We'll set the date for next week, and the Rowland family will be free from any threat."
Sophia was eavesdropping on every word. She had been in cahoots with Mason and was brought into the fold by Brielle herself. The offer had been too tempting to refuse. Joining now meant a place at the core of the company.
The Rowlands, William-all would soon be beneath her.
She trusted Brielle, so when Mason revealed the plan, excitement, and anxiety warred within her. Excitement for the Rowlands' impending doom and anxiety for what could go wrong in Mason and Brielle's scheme.
If the government did indeed develop that piece of land, and if the information Brielle received was incorrect, what should they do? The Rowland family was unaware of this information, so where did Brielle herself obtain it from?
But, ever the rock, Mason simply said, "Trust her."
Sophia had chosen to work with Brielle for exactly that reason-Brielle's uncanny ability to inspire confidence.
As Sophia watched the Rowlands' troubled faces, she couldn't help but feel a sense of schadenfreude. Without even trying, Brielle had backed them into a corner, and proud Tessa was ready to barter her marriage to save them.
Sophia wasted no time relaying the Rowlands' plan to marry into the Clements family
to Brielle.
Brielle, unsurprised, knew this was the Rowlands' only shot at survival. Andrew would probably be willing to marry Tessa. With this, Brielle's gaze darkened.
The Clements were in the jewelry trade, and if Brielle wanted to keep Andrew too busy
to help the Rowlands, she'd need Dustin's help. But reaching out to Dustin always
2/3
12:09
Chapter 619.
seemed to be a plea for assistance, and that made her feel uneasy.
After a minute's hesitation, she dialed his number.
Dustin picked up quickly. A cigarette was casually perched between his fingers as he
leaned out of his car window, gazing at the opulent scene before him.
He glittered in his solitude with a golden sheen as though he reveled in a world papered with opulence and dazzle.
###Chapter 621
Chapter 621
Brielle was a great listener, sometimes an excellent one when the moment called for it. Last night, she had been wrapped in the embrace of such a deep sleep. It felt like she was under some kind of enchantment, dreaming away in the soft comfort of her bed.
Aubree had gone through a rough patch, something that should have left Brielle tossing and turning with insomnia, steeped in sorrow. Yet upon waking, Brielle felt energized, her body buzzing with strength as if some guardian angel had watched over her through the night.
She grew more determined to stand up for Aubree and make sure everyone responsible paid a steep price.
"My grandma's getting on in years," Dustin began with a wry smile at the corner of his mouth. "Last night, she woke up all of a sudden and told us she'd been to visit my sister."
"Over two decades ago, my sister got left behind by accident when my parents were fleeing from some bad blood back home. It's been a thorn in my mom's side ever since, a regret that my grandma carries with her. Their health has been declining, day after day. Mom can put on a brave face, but grandma, well, age has made her heart heavy. She gets so melancholy thinking about it. It's taken a toll on her. We even built a quaint little chapel on the Lynch family estate. She's been praying there for my aunt's safety ever since. Lately, she's been bedridden, hardly awake. We've been searching for my sister, but there's been a lot of resistance, especially once word got out. Various powers that be are trying to stop us."
Dustin's long fingers spun his glass, his eyelashes casting shadows on his cheeks. "We've never found her. Last night, after my grandma woke from one of her deep sleep, she told us she'd been to see my aunt in a grand house somewhere. But her sight isn't what it used to be, and he couldn't tell where it was. She said my sister wasn't happy, that her new family wasn't treating her well, and that we must find her. We're scared it might be my grandma's last hurrah, you know? The doctor said she had a year, but at this rate, she might not make it that long. Grandma's always been fiercely independent. If it weren't for my aunt going missing, she wouldn't be in this state."
"Mr. Lynch, maybe your grandma did indeed visit your sister in person." Brielle looked at the glass in front of her, feeling a tug at her heartstrings. After all, she had never experienced what they call family ties. "Souls are eternal, and love transcends time and space. They just haven't realized it yet."
1/3
12:09
Chapter 621
Eternal souls. Love that crosses the
Dustin savored those words, a faint smile tracing his lips. "I hope
Brielle couldn't bring herself to ask Dustin for help. Instead, she poured him another drink.
The meal started with a somber atmosphere but gradually became more relaxed.
Brielle never got drunk in public. Even when she met with business partners, she'd carefully monitor her intake, but tonight, her conversation with Dustin flowed more freely.
They both drank a bit more than usual and by the end, their eyes were glazed with the haze of alcohol.
As closing time approached, the waiter fretted over the two tipsy patrons slumped over the table. The bill was not yet settled.
Just as she pondered whether to wake one of them, a hand extended a card. "Check, please."
The waiter followed the hand to a face that took his breath away. Her cheeks flushed as he hurriedly processed the payment.
The two had polished off three bottles of the strongest liquor.
"Sir, your total comes to twenty-seven thousand. It's been taken care of. Please keep your card safe."
Max pocketed the card and approached Brielle while Patrick stood by Dustin.
Max scooped Brielle up in his arms and instructed Patrick, "Take him to the hotel."
After all, Dustin was the president of Infinity Brilliance, and he had lent a hand during Max's feigned amnesia episode.
Max's expression was grim, and truth be told, he wanted to leave Dustin out on the street, preferably to be run over a hundred times. That would suit his mood.
Why did Brielle have to dine with Dustin? Was there something Dustin could offer that he couldn't? Swallowing the bitterness, he cradled Brielle in his arms.
Both of them had indeed indulged too much in the drink, and their clothes were reeking of alcohol.
Max hadn't exploded in anger, knowing Brielle had been bottling up her emotions all day.
Chapter 621
The alcohol, the rambling conversations with Dustin, pouring their hearts out in a drunken stupor, it probably helped ease her mind just a bit. So even though Max arrived early, nearly choking on jealousy, he didn't barge in to stop them.
###Chapter 622
Chapter 622
Brielle needed an outlet, but she hadn't chosen Max.
Max settled her into the car, fastening the seatbelt with a click that sounded like commitment. Her eyes, clouded with confusion from the alcohol, fluttered open and met his. For a moment, she thought she was dreaming.
Trying to balance her woozy frame, she leaned in for a kiss, but Max deftly placed a hand in front of her lips. The scent of liquor was overwhelming. Brielle blinked and, resigning to the barrier, pressed her lips to his palm instead.
That simple act sent a ticklish sensation coursing through Max, a feeling that burrowed into his pores and settled deep within him. He withdrew his hand, hiding it behind his back as if to capture that fleeting moment forever.
Slumped in her seat, Brielle seemed on the edge of slumber. But then, a warm kiss brushed her lips. "This one's on the house," he said, his voice a casual note as he secured the seatbelt properly and stood up to leave.
Brielle caught him. Her mind was a foggy swirl, and her eyes gathered a misty haze. "Where's Mr. Lynch?"
Max stiffened, a cocktail of irritation and annoyance brewing inside him. He gripped her chin and, with the sleeve of his suit, wiped her lips, erasing the kiss as if it never happened.
She was drunk and still thinking of someone else.
His touch was too rough, and Brielle's lips felt raw. A frown creased her brow, and she murmured, "Ouch."
Softening his grip, Max stormed off to the driver's seat.
Patrick had left to drop off Dustin, leaving Max to drive. The ride was anything but peaceful, with Brielle's hands wandering and her head bobbing close to him. Max tried to contain his temper, but the thought of her being alone with Dustin soured his mood.
Once back at Premier Palace, he carried her straight to the master bedroom.
After filling the bathtub, he stripped Brielle down without ceremony and placed her in the water. Drunk as she was, her cheeks flushed a deep crimson, and she showed no signs of waking.
1/2
Chapter 622
Max watched her peaceful face, the petty jealousy ebbing away. He leaned in for a kiss but was met with resistance and a sudden rush of nausea from Brielle.
She vomited, the contents unpleasantly adorning Max's suit pants.
His frustration was palpable, but he simply massaged his temples in resignation.
Even in her inebriated state, Brielle managed a polite smile and a slurred, "Sorry." "Sorry? Mr. Dorsey?" she said, her words laced with alcohol.
Sober, she called him Max. Drunk, he was Mr. Dorsey.
Max's expression darkened. He showered and changed into his pajamas, then, with unpracticed hands, began to wash her hair. His clumsy movements drew winces. "Gentle," she protested. "I've never done this before, so deal with it," Max snapped back.
Brielle's mind was a blur, and she suggested, "Maybe you need more practice."
Max's pride stung; he just barely managed not to scowl. "Duly noted, Ms. Haywood."
Brielle mumbled an acknowledgment before falling back into a deep sleep.
Max rinsed her hair and bathed her with care before moving her to a lounge chair. Taking up the hairdryer, he resigned himself to the task at hand.
Wesley entered with a hangover remedy and couldn't help but marvel at the sight. Max was always so sharp, but around Ms. Brielle, he was all tender edges.
Wesley placed the remedy down and hesitated before asking, "Sir, you haven't eaten either. Shall I prepare something?"
Before Max could reply, Brielle stirred and opened her eyes, still disoriented by her unexpected return to Premier Palace. Hearing Wesley's concern, she interjected with a simple request. "Soup."
Wesley looked to Max, who continued drying Brielle's hair and went with the flow. "Bring a bowl of soup," Max said.
###Chapter 623
Chapter 623
Wesley's face lit up with a smile as he saw the relief in Max's demeanor. The man had been run ragged these past few days, scarcely taking time to eat a proper meal If he kept going like that, Wesley feared an ulcer was on the horizon.
Fortunately, Max was finally showing some appetite.
When Wesley brought over the chicken soup, Max had already stowed away the hairdryer.
He gently tapped Brielle's cheek. "Weren't you going to have some soup?"
Brielle frowned, slowly opening her eyes to a drowsy world, and mumbled, "It's for you; don't forget to eat."
Max stiffened, a softness melting his irritation. He knew all too well that Aubree's situation had become a knot in Brielle's heart.
So many people were trying to stand in their way, and her friend had been hurt because of it. Her heart wasn't made of stone. Subconsciously, she wanted to distance herself from him.
Max consoled himself-it didn't matter, as long as she hadn't thought about giving
1. up.
After finishing the soup and brushing his teeth, Max was about to settle into bed when he received a call from the sanatorium.
Irritation flickered across his face as he stepped onto the balcony and accepted the
call.
"Max, Ms. Martha is resisting fiercely. Unless we administer other medications, sedatives alone are insufficient, and they're harming her health," the voice on the other end said.
Ever since Martha suspected her food had been tampered with, she had been in a constant state of agitation. Even the doctor's stricter measures only brought temporary relief. Once the effects wore off, Martha would refuse food altogether.
"Max, maybe you should come and talk to Ms. Martha in person. After all, you're family."
Max's expression softened with a touch of resignation. His hand was resting on Brielle's head, giving it a gentle rub before sighing. "I'll be there in an hour."
Chapter 623
The doctor seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. "That's good, Max. If this carries on, it's tough for us too."
After all, Martha's status was unique, and if something went seriously wrong, no one wanted to bear the responsibility.
Max set the alarm for an hour later, then climbed into bed, pulling Brielle close as he drifted off to sleep.
By the time Brielle awoke, Max was gone. The hangover had her head pounding, and her stomach felt hollow. She glanced around, realizing she was at Premier Palace and her clothes had been changed. After freshening up, she called Dustin, who was also nursing a hangover.
Brielle surmised that Max must have brought her back.
She checked the study but found no sign of Max, so she settled there herself. However, as she saw the media frenzy, her face darkened.
The Clements and the Rowland families were discussing a marriage alliance. The photos showed the two families meeting, smiling and joyful.
Brielle found it ironic-Aubree was still in the hospital, and the Clements seemed to have forgotten her existence. They were even discussing Andrew's marriage, and hadn't considered bringing Aubree back. Brielle's lips pressed tightly together as she watched a video of reporters interviewing Tessa, asking about the impending good news.
Tessa beamed, her lips curving up at the corners. "Yes, Andrew and I grew up together. It was only a matter of time."
Tessa's sweet smile at the mention of childhood sweethearts made Brielle want to smash the screen. She grabbed her car keys and headed straight for the hospital.
Aubree was still admitted, and Brielle had previously instructed the hospital to block all external news and hide all information about Aubree's stay.
When she arrived, Aubree was staring out the window at the blue sky, white clouds, and distant skyscrapers.
Brielle saw Aubree's silhouette and felt a prickling heat behind her eyes. Her throat felt choked, and after steeling herself, she finally spoke. "Aubree, how about we go on a vacation? It's the perfect season for skiing."
Aubree turned slowly, like an old machine being cranked to life. In just a day, she had
2/3
12:10
Chapter 623
become more gaunt, her cheeks hollowed.
Seeing her like this made Brielle's heart ache.
Aubree's lips were cracked and bloodied-a stark contrast to her usual glamorous self, who would never allow herself to be caught looking less than perfect, even when drunk at home.
"Bri, I've read John's script, and filming is starting soon. He's happy with me and Ricardo. We're going to shoot in seclusion, right? I want to play this role. Please, let me do it?"
She needed to leave something behind in this world. She didn't want to reach life's final moment, only to realize she had never truly lived.
###Chapter 624
Chapter 624
Aubree approached slowly and wrapped her arms around Brielle. "They say acting is living a different life, and right now, if you asked me to shoot a tearjerker, I could burst into tears this second. John's a great director, and working with him beats hanging around a hospital any day."
Brielle closed her eyes, mustering all her strength to keep from shaking. "Alright, I'll fill John in on everything."
Aubree wanted to laugh, but the cracks on her lips would split open with even the slightest smile, leaving her mouth stained with blood.
Brielle thought Aubree would ask about Andrew, but she didn't. She just talked about wanting to act. So, Brielle didn't press the issue. Instead, she quickly got in touch with John and Ricardo. As for the rest - the crew and the staff - they were all willing volunteers from Stellar Stage Entertainment.
The film required a lockdown. Everyone except John had to hand in their cell phones, and they all signed NDAs promising not to breathe a word of the project until the film's release. The controversial John, and Aubree, needed a place that was utterly quiet and safe.
Brielle worked fast, and by dusk, she had Aubree and Ricardo on their way. A caravan of cars left the bustle of the city behind, heading for a quaint town on the outskirts to start filming.
A movie could take two to three months to shoot, during which no one would hassle Aubree with gossip.
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief, then pulled out her phone, which was still buzzing with news about the Clements and the Rowland families. They were due to meet that evening at the Harmony Haven Hotel. Looking at the address, Brielle's lips curled into a cold smirk. Going by her gut, she should take the gun Max had given her and send that cheating couple straight to hell. But that'd be letting them off too easy. She wanted to plan carefully, to ensure Tessa and Andrew lived in agony for the rest of their lives.
Tessa cared about her social standing and Andrew's affection. Did Andrew care about Aubree even the slightest bit? If he did, he was already losing. Brielle would turn that sliver of care into a sword and plunge it into his heart.
Her eyes churned with emotion as she took a deep breath to calm the storm within. She would make Andrew realize what he had missed, what he had lost.
She dialed Patrick and instructed him to spread the news about the Rowland family's 30-billion deficit, making sure it overshadowed the wedding news. The Rowland family wanted to use the merger as a smokescreen for fundraising - wishful thinking.
After setting this in motion, Brielle opened her chat with Sophia. The last messages were from
1/2
12.05
before she visited Dustin.
Grem Sophia's years by Tessa's side, she must've known some dirt on the Rowland family.
As the Rowland family was about to be thrust into a media storm, Brielle planned to hit them with more scandals.
Sophia provided just a name, Zaiden.
Briele quickly looked up Zaiden - Tessa's cousin, a respected oncologist at Beaconsfield's top hospital Sophia's hint meant she had heard something incriminating about Zaiden within the Rowland family. Brielle raised an eyebrow and had someone dig into Zaiden's past. Feedback came swiftly, Zaiden had been reported by patients within the hospital, but with the Rowland family's clout,
no action was taken.
Brielle gathered the whistle-blowers, planning to expose Zaiden in a live stream that would coincide with the news of the Rowland family's financial woes.
The stream initially had a meager audience, but with a little investment, viewership soared to millions, and the Rowland family was none the wiser.
Meanwhile, at the Harmony Haven Hotel
Members of both the Clements and Rowland families trickled in. Everyone had their own lives and businesses, so their arrivals were staggered. Among those yet to arrive were Tessa and
Andrew.
Andrew sat in a sleek black car, his fingers clutching his phone, staring at Aubree's text from the evening. [So tired. Let's end this.]
ith it, a necklace was delivered by courier, the same one that had made Aubree happy for nights on end.
###Chapter 625
Chapter 625
The necklace was a one-of-a-kind piece, the only thoughtful gift Aubree had ever received from him. Usually, it was just cash, with instructions to go out and buy whatever she fancied.
Hidden within the intricate design of the necklace were their names, subtly engraved. He couldn't quite explain why he'd done it at the time; he just thought it might bring a smile to Aubree's face. But now, Aubree had returned the gift, and in such an impersonal manner, via a delivery guy, no less.
It wasn't just about the necklace's worth, which was in the millions. The fact that Aubree had entrusted such a valuable item to a complete stranger, not to mention the insultingly cheap. delivery fee, seemed to mock the sentiment with which he'd given it.
Andrew stared at the text message for a long time, wondering how long it would take for Aubree to cool off this time.
Even at her angriest, she had never spoken of ending things with him. And this time, he was at a loss to understand what had set her off.
Fuming, Andrew tossed the necklace onto the passenger seat just as Tessa walked in. She opened the car door and immediately spotted the necklace, a flicker of delight crossing her face.
"Andrew, is this for me?" she asked, her voice sugary with hope.
Deep down, she knew it belonged to Aubree. She'd seen it around Aubree's neck before, and Aubree was wearing it when those thugs had raped her.
Tessa's smile never wavered as she picked up the necklace. "It's gorgeous, and it must have cost a pretty penny. I'll treasure it. Thank you, Andrew."
She leaned in and pecked his cheek, making him stiffen involuntarily. His instinct was to say it wasn't meant for her but was Aubree's, but he saw Tessa's joy and hesitated. Besides, Tessa had already sniffed out his affair with Aubree, and bursting her bubble now would only make things awkward.
It was just a necklace, after all. If Tessa wanted it, she could have it. He'd simply buy another for Aubree. The names were engraved so discreetly that Tessa would never notice.
His response was noncommittal, his hands resting casually on the steering wheel. "If you like it, wear it," he said flatly.
Victory shone in Tessa's eyes. For her, it was a trophy, a reminder of Aubree's defeat and how she had been broken in body and spirit.
"I love it. Let's hit the road. We've got to get to the venue. They're about to set the wedding date, Andrew. I'm so happy. This is what I've dreamed of for years."
12.05
Chapter 625
Andrew was momentarily lost in thought, then nodded and flipped on the car radio.
Breaking news blared through the speakers. "The Rowland family is currently facing a capital deficit of thirty billion, and with wedding talks underway, it seems Austin has cleverly courted venture capitalists, looking to raise the exact amount needed. It appears this engagement is nothing more than a warm-up for a massive fundraising campaign."
The smile vanished from Tessa's face as the words echoed in the car. Even Andrew's brow furrowed. His phone buzzed - it was his mother, Marissa.
"Andrew, did you hear about the Rowland's financial troubles? I know we all wanted you and Tessa to marry, but the Rowlands have stepped out of line here. We haven't even started to discuss a date, and Austin's already tipping off venture capitalists for a thirty billion raise. It's like they're using our family name as a billboard for funding."
The Clements had always been supportive of the Rowlands, but being played like this was too much to swallow. The Clements were now facing the Rowland's smug complacency and felt like they'd swallowed a fly.
###Chapter 626
Chapter 626
"Hey, Andrew, what's your take on this? You know I listen to you. As long as you drop this thing with Aubree, I'm behind you all the way. But if you're thinking of bailing out the Rowlands with thirty billion-come on, think about your family. That kind of cash, even for us, it's a stretch."
The Clements could cough up the money, sure, but it would definitely put a dent in their own affairs.
And why should they? The Rowlands made their move against them first, and they weren't even tied by marriage yet. Why should they shell out a fortune to help those ingrates? They all played in the same sandbox. They knew what's up.
Marissa's expression was grim as she gave him another piece of her mind. "I want you to marry her, just to keep your fling with Aubree under wraps. We don't need that kind of gossip. We didn't even tell Aubree about your engagement, and she spent this Christmas alone. We took her in and did our part. It's high time we find her a decent match, or your secret will be out sooner or later."
"Mom, Aubree's still young."
"Young? If she hadn't been on birth control all these years, who knows how many kids she'd have popped out by now. You can fool others, Andrew, but don't forget who caught you two. If it weren't for your dad taking pity on her, she wouldn't be living this good life."
Andrew fell silent, his grip on his phone tightening.
He had almost forgotten about the wedding discussions at tonight's dinner. But hearing Marissa speak about Aubree made him uncomfortable.
Sure, Aubree was Daddy's little princess, and she didn't have the temper of a spoilt brat-just a bit more fiery than most. She was obedient in the sheets and always willing to play along.
Andrew never felt like Aubree owed the Clements anything. It was his dad's choice to take her in, and if you took someone in, you were responsible for them, right?
"Andrew, the bottom line is, are you really going to marry Tessa? If yes, are we truly going to cover this massive debt?"
Andrew's mind was a whirlwind. Catching a glimpse of Tessa's pale face, his heart softened. "Tessa's right here. We'll talk when we get there."
After hanging up, he tossed his phone aside and turned to Tessa. "Did you know about the Rowland's debt crisis beforehand?"
It was a rhetorical question. Tessa was the Rowland's linchpin; nothing went without her say-so. So, naturally, Austin's moves to use the marriage to the Clements as a chance for a bailout were at her behest. Panic flashed across Tessa's face as she clutched his hand, "Andrew, I didn't want this. But if the Rowlands go under, I fear I won't be worthy of you," she coughed. Her body was still weak
1/2
12:05
from her recent illness; her face turned deathly pale.
Andrew patted her back gently. "Tessa, I'm not blaming you."
Tears welled up in her eyes as she buried her face in his shoulder, comforted that Andrew would always be there for her. "Andrew, when I heard about the thirty billion going down the drain, I was scared. You know how this world works. It's all about climbing up or being stepped down. If the Rowlands fall and I cling to you, everyone will think I'm out of my league."
With tears streaming down her face, she continued, "I'm already frail, and without my family's status, won't I become the laughingstock when we're seen together?"
Seeing her tears, Andrew's heart instinctively softened, his tone gentle. "The rest of the Clements might take issue, but make sure you explain yourself well when we arrive. As for the debt, I'll think of something."
A glimmer of hope shone in Tessa's eyes, a sweet smile gracing her lips. "Thank you, Andrew. I knew you were the best."
Andrew didn't respond, his hands steady on the steering wheel, eyes fixed on the road ahead.
Who would have guessed that Tessa, seemingly so frail, had sent a message to Brielle just a minute ago?
Attached was a photo-a necklace.
[Wasn't this what Aubree was wearing last time? Now Andrew has given it to me. Sorry for taking your friend's trinket.]
Her message was dripping with malice.
Tessa was still smarted from being bested by Brielle at the piano that day. Now, with a chance to get back at her, she wouldn't let it slip by. Trampling on Aubree was the perfect way to twist the knife in Brielle's side, to make her suffer.
This tactic was Alivia's brainchild, and it worked like a charm.
###Chapter 627
Chapter 627
In a corner unseen by Andrew, Tessa's lips curled into a smug grin.
The car pulled up in front of the Harmony Haven Hotel, and as Tessa got out and steadied herself on her feet, she noticed another vehicle parked nearby. The door swung open, and out stepped Brielle. That had to be Max's car, judging by the vanity plate with its string of identical numbers and the unmistakable silhouette of a Bentley.
Tessa caught sight of her and was about to strut over and have a good go at her, but remembering Andrew was still around, she figured she had to play it cool for a bit longer. So, without a word, she simply flaunted the necklace around her throat, arching an eyebrow at Brielle in a silent challenge.
The provocation was clear.
What Tessa hadn't expected was for Brielle to stride forward, grab the necklace, and yank it off with such force that Tessa felt like her neck might snap. Her face registered utter disbelief. "Brielle?! What the hell are you doing?"
Before the words had fully left her mouth, Brielle's hand was in the air and then came the sharp crack of a slap.
"Smack!"
Tessa's cheek instantly swelled, the force of the slap nearly sending her to the ground, the taste of iron flooding her mouth.
The necklace now dangled from Brielle's fingers, wrapped in a tissue. Her expression was dark as a storm cloud. "Tessa, did you ever think you were worthy of wearing this?" Brielle snapped.
Tessa clutched her cheek, her heart pounding. Onlookers were gathering around them. The Harmony Haven Hotel wasn't your average star-rated establishment. Much like the exclusive Tequila Sunset club, it was members-only and accessible with a card, so journalists were strictly off-limits. The Rowland and Clements families had chosen this place for their dinner, as much a statement of status as anything else. Tessa had sent that message to Brielle just to rile her up, to knock her down a peg. She hadn't anticipated Brielle to actually show up, corner her, and slap her without a second thought.
How dare she?
That bitch, how dare she?!
However, Tessa was too frail to retaliate. Her eyes were red with rage, but she could not utter a single word.
Brielle tucked the necklace into her purse and, watching Tessa's weakened face, pulled her close for another slap, this time not stopping until ten more had landed. With full force, Tessa's face was so swollen it was unrecognizable, blood trickling from her mouth.
Chapter 627
Andrew parked and approached the scene, his scalp tingling with anger at the sight.
"Brielle!" He strode forward, grabbing her arm, his brow knotted with fury. "Brielle, have you lost your mind?!"
But Brielle bitched free and, with a swift motion, slapped him across the face as well. "Get lost!" Andrew's head snapped to the side, and as he felt the sting on his cheek, he wondered if this was some sick dream. Once the shock passed, a vicious light crossed his eyes, and he raised his hand to grab Brielle's throat.
No one, except for the cheeky Aubree, had ever dared to lay a hand on him like that. Was Brielle high tonight to have the audacity to do this to him?
However, before his hand could reach her throat, another intercepted him. Max pulled Brielle into his arms, shielding her and blocking Andrew's hand with his own, his gaze as calm as it was commanding. Andrew's eyes narrowed, the din of Tessa's hysterical crying and the gasps of the onlookers only intensifying the moment.
Everything pointed to a point of no return.
With a cold laugh, Andrew's eyes gleamed with malice. "Max, step aside." Tonight, he would end Brielle, that treacherous bitch.
###Chapter 628
Chapter 628
Max glanced at Tessa, who was on the verge of passing out, his voice soft yet firm. "I think you'd better get her to the hospital.”
But Andrew lashed out with a kick towards Max, his face contorted with rage. No one dared to slap him and get away with it. Tonight, Brielle had to pay with her life. Max dodged the kick and pulled Brielle behind him for protection.
Meanwhile, Patrick, still in the Bentley, witnessed the scene and quickly directed his people to disperse the gathering crowd.
The onlookers were shrewd enough to know when to stay out of the way. This was a clash between two powerful families, and knowing too much was a recipe for trouble.
Soon, only a handful of them remained, and an eerie silence enveloped the area.
Brielle chuckled and locked eyes with Andrew. "Andrew, Aubree has left Beaconsfield. You probably won't be able to find her again."
All of Andrew's fury seemed to deflate like a punctured balloon, the red in his eyes intensifying. "What did you say?"
Brielle raised an eyebrow. "Oh, it seems she didn't tell you. She's leaving Beaconsfield for good."
Andrew felt as if a thunderbolt had struck his head, and he strode toward Brielle with
determination. "Say that again!"
Max stood between them, trying to keep the peace.
A confrontation seemed inevitable, but just then, members of the Rowland and Clements families arrived on the scene. Both families were scared witless, especially at the sight of Andrew and Max squared off, with Tessa standing to one side, her face bruised and looking like she might faint at any moment.
"Andrew! What on earth is going on?!" Marissa was the first to speak up, rushing to Andrew's side to restrain him.
Andrew shook off Marissa's hand with a fierce glare fixed on Brielle. "Brielle, do you know something?" His voice was dark and menacing, his whole being aflame with anger.
How could Aubree think of leaving Beaconsfield? It was impossible. Sure, she had thrown tantrums in the past, but at most, she'd find somewhere to stay for a few days before returning to his side, sweet and docile as ever.
The furthest she had ever gone during one of her fits was abroad, and that was because he had gotten engaged to Tessa. But she had come back, and she was as compliant in bed as she had always been.
07.07
This time, she was surely just playing up again.
Andrew was already livid that Aubree had handed over the necklace carelessly to some random delivery guy, sending it to him with a cheap express delivery fee. And now, hearing Brielle talk like this, he felt a fire raging in his chest, threatening to consume him!
Brielle didn't answer him, her gaze drifting past him and settling on Tessa with a nonchalant tone. "The Rowland family is in the hole for thirty billion. They hope to sneak in some financing. with this marriage. Tessa hasn't even married you yet, and she's already stirring others to contact venture capital firms, trying to drum up sponsorship for the Rowlands. Ms. Tessa may look delicate, but her mind is sharp as a tack."
Compared to Tessa's disheveled state, Brielle was the picture of poise, her eyes sweeping over the Clements family members with a slight smile. "Before even joining the family, she's thinking about using the Clements name to make a profit. I've heard that the Rowlands' business success owed a lot to the Clements' support in the past. Some people," Brielle said, her smile thin, "are never satisfied, and are always biting off more than they can chew."
The Rowlands were seething. Brielle had already upstaged them once during the negotiations about Sophia's marriage with the Dorsey family. And now, as they were about to discuss matrimonial ties with the Clements, here she was again.
What in the world was this woman after?
Austin stepped forward, ready to unleash his anger on Brielle. But then he remembered that Max had openly admitted that Brielle was his girlfriend at the lounge. Insulting Brielle in front of him was tantamount to a death wish.
However, they couldn't let Brielle get away with trampling over them like this. Where would the Rowland family's pride go?
"Brielle, you better stop spouting nonsense right here!" he barked.
Just then, a commotion broke out in the distance. A wave of angry shouts filled the air, and soon, a crowd of hundreds of people surged forward, overwhelming the guards. What was happening?
###Chapter 629
Chapter 629
"The Rowlands! Get out of Beaconsfield!"
"The Rowland Hospital is corrupt! Zaiden has blood on his hands!"
"Rowlands, go to hell! Justice will be served!"
The crowd had encircled the
embers of the Rowland and the Clements families, hurling rotten
eggs with such precision it was clear they had practice.
Just moments ago, a group of cancer patients' family members had gone public with a damning accusation against Zaiden. The details were horrifying..
Despite Zaiden's errors, the Rowlands were shamelessly covering for him. Finding no recourse through official channels, the common folk seized the moment to expose Zaiden's misdeeds as the Rowland family's scandal erupted.
The live stream had exploded, and the recorded video detailing the tearful testimonials of suffering families had gone viral.
"My granddad was seventy. He was diagnosed with late-stage liver cancer with metastasis. There was no hope for treatment, they said. But Zaiden promised a cure if we sold our house and pulled together over a million dollars for top-notch medical care. We spent every penny, and then my granddad passed. They have no medical ethics. We demand justice from the public!"
"I overheard Zaiden telling doctors to cycle cancer patients through surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation. They milked money from each department until there was nothing left, then left them to alternative medicine to die. My spouse had early-stage lung cancer and suffered this torture for three months before passing. The Rowlands have blood on their hands! I have recordings of Zaiden. I demand accountability!"
"The Rowland Hospital saves no one! It only harms. We demand justice!"
The ten-minute video spread like wildfire online, and coupled with Zaiden's own incriminating audio, it was the nail in the coffin for the Rowlands.
Public outrage was immense. Education, healthcare, and law are society's pillars. As long as education remained fair, there was hope for the underprivileged to rise. With ethical healthcare, life was respected. If the law upheld justice, societal ills would be minimized. When these pillars crumbled, society would descend into hell.
Zaiden's actions trampled on the dignity of ordinary people, exploiting desperate families in their darkest hours. The Rowlands' complicity still allowed him to climb the ranks within the hospital. Appalling! The crowd now swarming the scene was fueled by righteous anger after watching the video. News of the Rowlands' impending marriage with the Clements had spread, and now the protesters had tracked them down to the Harmony Haven Hotel.
07:07
The hotel security was overwhelmed, and the Rowlands were pelted with rotten eggs and spoiled lettuce. In a desperate attempt to protect Tessa, Andrew was also a mess, reeking of decay.
Though initially bystanders, the Clements were now tainted by association and accused of collusion.
"A despicable lot, all deserving of hell!"
"You don't value our lives! To hell with you!"
Tessa felt the world crumbling around her, and her cheeks stung not just from the physical blows but from the chaos of it all. She looked into the angry faces; In their eyes, she saw the desire to tear her apart. What had happened? What had gone wrong?
She couldn't think straight. The Rowlands were finished.
Everything was ruined.
The Clements, already on edge that evening, were now smeared with the fallout from the Rowland debacle and were fuming.
Marissa's expensive dress was ruined with vile egg slime, and she was close to vomiting with disgust as she pointed an accusing finger at the Rowlands. "This engagement is off! My son will have no more dealings with the Rowlands!"
The Clements left the scene in disgust.
Before she left. Marissa turned to Andrew, who was still shielding Tessa and said angrily, "Come with me, son. Look at the mess the Rowlands have made. What a disgrace!"
Tears streamed down Tessa's face as she clung to Andrew, her last lifeline. "Don't leave. Andrew. Please don't go."
Seeing her in such a state, Andrew draped his jacket over her and escorted her to the Clements'
car.
###Chapter 630
Chapter 630
The rest of the Rowlands were hemmed in by an irate crowd, unable to make their way out.
Marissa caught sight of Tessa and felt her blood boiling. "What a mess!" she spat, her face a mask of displeasure.
Tessa, for her part, felt as if the sky had come crashing down. She clung desperately to Andrew. Her body was on the verge of collapse. She should have passed out, and she cursed her lucidity, all too aware that the Rowlands were teetering on the brink of ruin.
It wasn't just the loss of hundreds of millions in capital-it was their reputation on the line!
Tears streamed down her face, and she couldn't fathom how things had come to this.
The radio droned on with reporters' live updates and public opinion of the Rowlands sinking to rock bottom. The Rowlands' shares had halved in less than two hours, and billions in market value had evaporated.
Tessa was a wreck, clutching Andrew like a lifeline, too afraid to show her pain and vulnerability lest she draw the ire of the other Clements in the car.
Her teeth bit into her lip so hard she tasted blood. Her eyes were bloodshot as if she might faint at any moment. Still, she was too aware. Tears were falling nonstop, and her lips were raw with wounds. Andrew took her back to the Clements' home, and after they both showered, Tessa sat on his bed weeping. "Andrew, what do we do? Is this the end for us? Who did this? Who could have-"
She was torn between crying and fear, terrified of losing Andrew, too. What would she do if even he turned his back on her?
Her family couldn't be saved, not even if the Clements were willing to donate thirty billion. The Rowlands were beyond salvation.
Andrew reached for a towel to wipe her hair, knowing full well that this was the result of the Rowlands' own inaction. Zaiden's mistakes were forever etched in shame, and now the public loathed the Rowlands to the bone. Come morning, their stocks would likely plummet to a halt.
The Rowlands' name would probably be stricken in the annals of Beaconsfield's elite.
A company that crossed the public's red line was not one to rise again. By nightfall, the government would probably send police to thoroughly investigate the Rowlands' hospitals.
Andrew reached out, intending to comfort Tessa. She trembled in his arms, never having imagined the Rowlands' fall, especially not at such a dizzying pace.
All she had left was Andrew. She had to hold on to him. This thought spurred her to action. She pulled Andrew's collar down and kissed him.
Somehow, she found the strength to push him onto the bed, climbing on top herself. "Andrew,
-12-00
Chapter 630
you won't abandon me, right? Will you still marry me?"
Before Andrew could react, Tessa was ready to undress.
Breathless, Andrew pushed her away. "Tessa, calm down for a second."
"How can I calm down? The Rowlands are gone, Marissa is disgusted with me, the other Clements have turned against me, and I've lost everything. You're all I have, Andrew. Please don't leave me, okay?" Once, she had held her head high, expecting Andrew to woo her, but now, she couldn't afford to be proud. If Andrew would marry her, she'd do anything he asked.
If she couldn't be the respected Ms. Rowland, at least she'd be the wife of the Clements Corporation's CEO. She couldn't bear the thought of life among the lower classes, of facing disdain wherever she went. She had to marry Andrew.
"Please, I'll have your child, Andrew. Please, just say yes," she begged, her voice hoarse with tears. She had thought she had it all-love, career, a bountiful life-only for it to be cruelly snatched away. Everything was over.
Trembling, she undid her clothes, baring herself, her eyes pleading with Andrew.
###Chapter 631
Chapter 631
Andrew's brows knotted as he swallowed hard, Brielle's words racing through his mind.
Aubree had left Beaconsfield. The thought brought on a wave of irritability.
He stood up, grabbed a nightgown from nearby, and helped Tessa into it. "Just rest up, okay? Take a moment to chill."
"Are you ditching me because the Rowlands are going down? You can stay. Andrew, please..."
"Enough!" Andrew's voice took on a stern edge, and then he sighed, "I've never thought that way. It's just... with the way you are right now, we're not in the right headspace for... this. You need to chill. I need to get some air."
With that, he strode out the door.
Marissa was already waiting outside, relieved to see him emerge. "I was half expecting you to spend the night with her, Andrew. Listen, we've got the inside scoop - the Rowlands are finished. The big guns have been sent in to dig deep, and Zaiden's fate is sealed. The cover-up by the Rowlands is fact. By morning, their stock is going to tank, and the government will freeze their assets. Don't go spouting any nonsense about marrying Tessa now. She's not the one for you."
Marissa didn't bother to lower her voice, so Tessa heard every word from inside. Tessa's body shook with spasms of pain, and she ran to the bathroom, vomiting blood.
She couldn't let things end like this. What would she be without Andrew in her world? Her only play now was to force Andrew's hand in marriage.
Gazing into the mirror, her face hollow, she looked like a ghost of herself.
Tears started anew, fueling her hatred for Brielle. Was this all Brielle's doing?
That bitch!
Tessa wanted to release the video she held, to let all of Beaconsfield see, to make Brielle suffer! But the timing wasn't right. Aubree was, in name, part of the Clements family. If the video implicated them, Tessa would lose everything.
She had to use the video to make Andrew marry her.
Meanwhile, outside Harmony Haven Hotel, Brielle stood apart from the angry crowd, watching the remnants of the Rowland family face public condemnation. Her expression was calm, a faint smirk on her lips. She looked up at Max and let out a sigh. "The Rowlands won't last long now. Let's head back." Max ruffled her hair lightly, "What's next? Were you hoping Dustin would pull some strings in the Clements' business dealings?" He had his suspicions, but this didn't require Dustin's help. "Yes, but I've changed my mind. Aubree won't be back for two months, and I want Andrew to
12:00
Chapter 631
fully understand his own heart by then."
It was always easier to see the truth from the outside. Andrew, the coward, deliberately overlooked Aubree and was unwilling to acknowledge their relationship, fearing the judgment of others.
He was born into the spotlight, the anointed heir of the Clements, so his life was a smooth sail. How could he allow a stain on his life, especially one so scandalous? If his and Aubree's relationship came to light, it would shame the entire Clements family.
Nobody could predict how the public would react. The Clements Corporation might suffer, and people would question the true motive behind Aubree's adoption. The idea of a child bride was an anathema, and for a family with a century of history, holding onto such archaic notions would invite scorn.
So Andrew hooked up with Aubree but refused to acknowledge it.
Tessa became his perfect alibi. As childhood sweethearts, Tessa was so dependent on him, and they were seen as a match made in heaven.
With Tessa, he remained the untouchable heir of the Clements family, the CEO of Clements Corporation.
What was this charade?
Andrew lived his orderly life, filling his voids with Aubree whenever he was bored, but since his arrival, Aubree had spent every moment loving him, only living in the spare moments. Did he truly deserve her?
###Chapter 632
Chapter 632
Brielle closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
The Rowland family had faced their comeuppance, and as for Andrew, his would come in due time. All she needed to do was wait quietly,
When she returned to Premier Palace, her mood lifted considerably. The image of the Rowland clan smeared with trash brought a smirk to her face.
She had just settled on the couch when Max handed her a glass of water. After a few sips. feeling rather chipper, she decided to dig out that scarf she'd been knitting and continued her work by the bay window.
Max watched her mood improve and silently breathed a sigh of relief but couldn't suppress a cough.
Wesley knew he had been running a fever since the night before. "Sir, maybe we should call the doctor. Your temperature is very high, and if it hits 104 degrees, we'll have real trouble," Wesley suggested, his concern merging with Max's timely cough, finally pulling Brielle's attention toward them.
Brielle looked at Max and, indeed, noticed his pallor. She set the scarf aside and saw Patrick come downstairs with a stack of papers. "Sir, the last meeting is about to start, and it's going to last about an hour. Once this is over, we should be clear of the overseas issues for a while."
At that moment, Brielle was by Max, reaching out to check his forehead. Feeling the scorching heat, her expression changed instantly. She hadn't noticed Max's fever earlier, being out of sorts herself, so she quickly asked Wesley, "Wesley, do we have any fever reducer here? Bring some over, will you?"
Then, turning to Patrick, she asked, "Can't we postpone the meeting?"
Patrick looked troubled.
Max patted Brielle's hand, his voice rough with the hint of a cold, "It's okay, don't worry, it's just
an hour."
Brielle frowned. "You have a high fever."
Max wanted to say that he had worked sick countless times before, and it was nothing new.
Brielle's grudges needed time to dissolve. The fall of the Rowland family was just the start. Andrew still needed a slow grind to intensify the pain. She was one to hold fast to her vendettas, now only slightly satisfied.
Max understood her evasion and would bear the brief heartache. He coughed again, and his eyelids looked heavily fatigued. Patrick sighed, "Mr. Dorsey was called to the sanatorium again last night and didn't rest at all."
Brielle felt a pang of sympathy, but the sanatorium was indeed an issue. Martha was, after all,
12:00
Chapter 632
Max's birth mother, and he couldn't ignore her.
She placed her hands on his temples, easing his discomfort with the coolness of her fingertips. Max closed his eyes in relief.
Wesley had found some fever reducer, and Brielle brought it to Max's lips. "Take this."
Max complied, swallowing the medicine, but heard Patrick's urgency. "Sir, the meeting starts in ten minutes."
Max didn't dally any longer. "I'm fine. You've been down lately, so just rest here."
The meeting couldn't be postponed, so Brielle only nodded. She picked up the unfinished scarf and sat close to knit while Max turned on his laptop's microphone and conversed fluently with the other party. Brielle focused intently on her knitting. The scarf had taken quite a bit of time in fits and starts, but thankfully, it would be finished tonight. At the end of the scarf, she knitted two irises, and as she tied off the last stitch, Max concluded his meeting.
Brielle then wrapped the scarf around his neck. If they waited any longer, spring would be upon them.
A spark of warmth lit Max's eyes as he chuckled, "Can I wear it tomorrow?"
Brielle's cheeks flushed, and seeing his pallor from illness and fatigue, she felt a wave of concern. "Yeah, you should wash up and head to bed tonight."
Meanwhile, at the Clements household, Tessa glared at her reflection with fury.
Brielle! It had to be Brielle!!
Her teeth were practically bleeding with hatred. Her cheeks throbbed with pain, and her tears fell in heavy droplets. She vowed to live until the day Max cast Brielle aside, to repay every humiliation she suffered tonight upon Brielle.
"Cough, cough."
Blood stained Tessa's mouth. With every thought, her hatred deepened.
Her face was swollen, her sneer sinister and dreadful.
The video was her trump card. She had to marry Andrew with it as leverage. Once married to Andrew, she would still be the illustrious lady.
The Rowland family had fallen, but she could be the lady of the Clements household!
###Chapter 633
Chapter 633
She called in the housekeeper, requesting some ointment to reduce the swelling. However, Marissa overheard Tessa, and a wave of discomfort washed over her.
The Rowlands had brought them such embarrassment this evening, and now here was Tessa, in the Clement household, ordering their staff around as though she owned the place.
Marissa's fondness for Tessa, which had once been considerable, had now turned to disdain. After all even the best of relationships couldn't survive two destructive blows, especially not on the same night-one exploiting the Clements and the other dragging them down with her.
Fuming and aware that Andrew had stepped out for a smoke and was not in the villa. Marissa marched straight to his bedroom. "So, after the havoc the Rowlands have wreaked tonight, you've not even uttered an apology?"
If this had happened before. Tessa would have apologized immediately. But she had just overheard Marissa's conversation with Andrew and knew that Marissa was displeased with her and unwilling to allow her marriage to Andrew.
The disdain in Marissa's eyes as she looked at Tessa's swollen face was unmistakable. "You and Andrew will not be getting married. Forget about it. Each and every one of the Rowlands is crafty, and now that you're under scrutiny, we cannot afford to be associated with you at such a
delicate time.*
Tessa tasted the blood in her mouth and was surprised she hadn't passed out yet. Now, she had managed to offend the rest of the Clements clan, and Andrew was the only person she needed to secure. She had to have sex with Andrew as soon as possible and, better yet, bear his child. That way, her position in the Clement household would be secure.
'Marissa, I didn't want any of this to happen tonight. We have been framed, and you saw that woman with Max, didn't you?"
A smirk of sarcasm crossed Marissa's face-did Tessa take her for a fool?
"Zaiden has been skimming off the top for years, long before Brielle ever came into the picture at Beaconsfield. And now you're trying to pin everything on her. It's no wonder your family protect Zaiden, it seems you still can't see your own faults. Leave now. We have no room for
you."
Tessa felt as if she were about to crumble. In the span of one night, she had lost everything. even Marissa's affection. She wanted to cry, but she knew tears would be useless now. Since she couldn't salvage Marissa's favor, she might as well make a ruthless deal.
"Marissa, I have a video I want you to see."
Marissa looked visibly irritated. She didn't want to watch any video at that moment; she just wanted this woman to leave.
With a detached tone, Tessa ordered the housekeeper. "Leave us."
Chapter 633
Incredulous, Marissa scoffed, "Tessa, I've watched you grow up. When did you become so shameless?"
Tessa felt a pang of heartache, and the taste of blood threatened to rise in her throat again, but she forced it down. She couldn't falter now. The state of the Rowland family was uncertain, and they were waiting for her to clean up the mess.
With the Rowlands now a target, there was no going back. Her only refuge was to remain with the Clements.
Once the housekeeper had left, Tessa pulled up the incriminating video on her phone and positioned it in front of Marissa. "Marissa, what do you think the impact would be on you if this video got out?" "You see, it's Aubree caught up with three men, and they mention Andrew too. If this leaks, the Clements will suffer, especially since the public still sees us as closely linked. At a time like this, when we're under the microscope... I'm not asking for much, Marissa. I just want to marry Andrew.
"If I marry Andrew, this video will never see the light of day."
Marissa's face drained of color at the sight of Aubree being assaulted by the men, their vulgar comments interspersed throughout the footage. Turning to Tessa, she demanded, "Where did you get this video?" It was disturbingly clear and targeted.
Even if she didn't care for Aubree, the girl had been under her care for years. Indeed, Marissa didn't like Aubree's relationship with Andrew, but she was considering the Clements' reputation. She could tell Aubree genuinely cared for Andrew, but they were siblings in name, and Aubree had been with the Clements since she was a child. If the Clements were labeled as keeping a child bride, everything would be ruined.
Aubree's actions were all consensual. All Marissa could do was groom Aubree and marry her off to a suitable family. The Clements had never skimped on her.
Trembling with rage, Marissa struck Tessa across the face. "You bitch! I underestimated you!"
The slap was forceful. Tessa collapsed onto the bed, coughing up blood.
###Chapter 634
Chapter 634
"Did you have someone go after her?" Marissa's voice was icy, her body quivering with barely contained rage. She thought she was dealing with a naive and innocent young lady, but Tessa turned out to be a vile wolf in sheep's clothing!
If she had known Tessa's true colors earlier, she would have told Andrew to stay the hell away from that tramp!
Tessa was in pain all over, feeling like she had been dragged through the mud this evening, She clenched her teeth, wiping the blood from the corner of her mouth, and let out a bitter chuckle. "Marissa, you do realize the consequences of that video, right? I'm getting married to Andrew one way or another, and I hope you can make arrangements. He wants to marry me, too."
She was like a piece of disgusting gum, desperately sticking to Andrew. Marissa saw through her intentions, stepped forward, and slapped her again. "That slap was for Aubree. Despite that degrading video, she's still a lady who's been nurtured by the Clements family for years. Once Andrew dumps you, you'll be nothing but a no-name, washed-up has-been. As long as the Clements family stands, we'll protect Aubree. The Rowland family is done for, and you're even. worse off than Aubree is! Fine, you want to marry Andrew, I'll let you. But if that video gets out, you better be ready to face the Clements family's wrath."
Another tooth flew from Tessa's mouth, and her heart was in so much pain that she became numb, unable to shed a single tear. Blood kept trickling from her mouth as she coughed repeatedly. Marissa sneered, "That video better not reach Andrew's eyes. Even if he's over Aubree, they've got over two decades of history. Do you really think he'll let you off the hook for causing all this?"
Tessa shrank back, silent, her heart overflowing with resentment, cursing Brielle, cursing Aubree. They were the reason she had fallen so low.
Marissa took a deep breath. "Keep that video hidden, Tessa. I'm telling you seriously, my husband has always been fond of Aubree. The day that video surfaces, he won't hesitate to turn you into a pariah. Don't believe me? Just wait and see. You think marrying into the Clements family will give you peace? Don't count on a single day of tranquility!"
The more she thought about it, the angrier Marissa got, grabbing Tessa's hair and slapping her hard across the face. "Brielle was right to slap you tonight. With skin as thick as yours and a heart as poisonous, you probably can't even feel the pain. Just stay put right here."
Tessa trembled from head to toe, not daring to utter a word of protest. She was in so much pain she couldn't even breathe, feeling like she was suffocating.
After Marissa left, Tessa shakily got off the bed, kneeling on the floor, spitting out more blood mixed with two of her teeth. Her nails were all broken, her palms bloody.
Even if Marissa hated her, what did it matter? As long as Andrew loved her, that was all she
Chapter 634
needed.
She thought she couldn't cry anymore, but the tears suddenly began to fall in big drops. She trembled, trying to pick up her teeth but couldn't.
"Cough, cough, cough."
After spitting out some more blood, she staggered to her feet, wanting to find a maid to clean up the room.
The maid looked at her with a sneer of disgust. "Clean up yourself. Madam has instructed us not to take orders from you anymore. Do you really think you're still the spoiled Ms. Tessa, huh? Pfft!" Tessa stiffened, in so much pain it felt like she might die. She had to get Andrew back
immediately. Andrew would pity her. As long as he loved her, she could have the good life she craved.
###Chapter 635
Chapter 635
She fumbled with her phone, her fingers shaking so badly that she couldn't dial a single digit. Tears welled up, mixing with the blood she hastily wiped from the corner of her mouth. The whole world seemed to be conspiring against her!
With gritted teeth, Tessa collapsed onto the bed and succumbed to a fitful sleep.
That night, Andrew didn't come home.
The next morning at seven, government officials arrived at the hospital where Zaiden was working to conduct an inspection.
By nine, Zaiden was escorted to the police station.
At ten, the Rowland family's stocks hit rock bottom, and the media went into a frenzy covering Zaiden's scandal.
The atrocities that Zaiden had committed were beyond repulsive, igniting public outrage like wildfire, with people practically itching to mete out medieval justice on the Rowlands.
With the official news reports detailing Zaiden's misdeeds in stark black and white, more victims' families started speaking out on social media platforms. The Rowland family's reputation tanked, and they became the city's pariahs.
It was clear to all: the Rowland family was beyond salvation.
At this crucial juncture, Tessa, who had always been at the core of the Rowland family, was nowhere to be reached. The Rowlands were desperate for her help, but Tessa had effectively vanished.
They thought of seeking her out at the Clements residence, but given the bad blood between the two families, the Clements flat-out refused to arrange a meeting.
In this moment of crisis, Tessa wasn't just being condemned by the public; in the eyes of the Rowland family, she was a cowardly traitor.
Brielle watched the news unfold online with a serene expression and a slight smirk playing on her lips. A bit of her frustration dissipated, but clearly, this wasn't the ending Tessa deserved.
Closing her laptop, she knew that no one could save the Rowlands now. Andrew might protect Tessa temporarily, but once he found out what she had done, his self-loathing would only intensify. Death by a thousand cuts was far more painful than a swift execution.
Tessa was utterly alone now, clinging to Andrew as her lifeline. And if Andrew, her straw of salvation, chose to abandon her, it would be Tessa's personal hell.
Brielle would let the despicable pair torment each other, and she didn't even need to lift a finger.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Brielle turned her back on the so-called Rowland and Clements
1/3
10:52
Chapter 635
drama, focusing instead on Stellar Stage Entertainment's portfolio.
That morning, Max had deliberately skipped his usual visit to Dorsey International and ignored the Rowland family's debacle, leisurely finishing breakfast with Brielle. Just as he was about to suggest a stroll around the upscale Premier Palace, his phone rang-an urgent call from the nursing home.
His brows knit together, and his complexion soured instantly. The calls from the nursing home had escalated from once every three days to three times a day,
Martha was endlessly inventing new ways to make trouble, hell-bent on challenging Max. Caught between Brielle, Martha, and a recently concluded overseas acquisition, Max felt he hadn't had a moment's peace.
He was running a fever last night and now, he had zero desire to take this call, but the phone persisted as if it would keep ringing until he answered.
Seeing the fatigue in his eyes, Brielle's heart ached. Yet, this was the harsh reality they had to face. She had been preoccupied with the Rowland family crisis, and now, she was reminded of the rocky path they still had to tread.
Max eventually headed to the nursing home, while Brielle spent some time at home reviewing documents before heading to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
There was no immediate rush, at least not until Aubree returned in two months. She just needed to handle her current tasks well.
Stellar Stage Entertainment was in the early stages of producing its first movie, and there was still a lot to be done. The remaining funds needed to be allocated to hiring more coaches to ensure that the artists willing to stay with Stellar Stage would receive ample training. Before they could shine, they needed to be in top form.
Brielle stayed at Stellar Stage Entertainment until evening. She also took a call from John, who reported that everything was going smoothly abroad and that Aubree and Ricardo were proving to be exceptionally talented.
A warmth flickered in Brielle's eyes. After a moment's thought, she reminded John, "John, Aubree's my friend. If there's anything off about her, you let me know right away."
John readily agreed.
After working late, Brielle drove off, remembering the potted plants Aubree had been nurturing in her house. She decided to stop by and water them but was dismayed to find Aubree's door defaced with malicious graffiti-vile insults likely scrawled by troublemaking neighbors during Aubree's absence.
A frown creased Brielle's forehead. She called John, suggesting he ask Aubree if she wanted to sell the house.
John passed the phone to Aubree, who was resting, and he waited.
Chapter 635
Aubree fell silent for a minute upon hearing the suggestion to sell. Brielle knew Aubree was struggling to let go.
###Chapter 636
Chapter 636
Aubree had never moved from this place because it held a myriad of memories with Andrew.
Well maybe not all of them were happy memories.
Every time Andrew got plastered, when work got under his skin, and he felt like he was about to lose it, he'd come over to her place. They'd go at it like rabbits as If, by doing so, they could forget everything else in the world. They were in their roaring twenties, brimming with energy that seemed endless, and it all got channeled into their passionate escapades.
A sharp pang of pain hit Aubree's chest, but it was quickly drowned out by the echoes of those men's insults in her head. Her stomach churned with nausea, and unable to hold it back, she doubled over and vomited.
Brielle jumped, alarmed, "Aubree, are you okay?"
After rinsing her mouth with water Ricardo handed her, Aubree replied with a pale face. "I'm fine. I just skipped dinner and felt a bit queasy. If you think we should sell the place, let's do it. I need a fresh start anyway. The neighbors there... they're not exactly part of my fan club."
Brielle looked at the graffiti that marred the walls and the door- 'whore,' 'slut,' and 'tramp'-the hurtful words were scrawled endlessly by both men and women.
"Alright, I'll call the real estate agent tonight."
After hanging up, Brielle knew Aubree was probably still in the dark about the scandal rocking the Rowland family. She didn't plan on spilling the beans. If Aubree wanted to focus on her acting, so be it. The agent Brielle contacted was efficient. Coupled with a hefty price drop, a buyer was found almost immediately.
The paperwork was sorted out the same evening, Aubree's belongings were moved out, and the keys were handed over. The house was sold in less than three hours using a special expedited
process.
Meanwhile, the Clements family was in the throes of a heated debate. The Rowland family's reputation was in tatters, but Tessa was still living with the Clements.
Was Andrew really going to seize this moment to marry her? It was utter madness!
Marissa sat amongst the family, silent throughout. Her quietness surprised everyone. She was the one who valued the family's reputation most. Why was she mute now when their name was at risk? Marissa's expression was impassive as she sipped her water.
Andrew had roughed it out last night in the villa next door, not sharing a bed with Tessa. So, he didn't know that she'd also spent a night on the floor.
Today, his phone had been bombarded by reporters and calls for emergency meetings. He
1/2
11:23
Chapter 636
hadn't stopped all day and hadn't seen Tessa, only instructing the house staff to take good care of her.
As soon as he arrived home, he was whisked into a family meeting, looking visibly irked.
Marissa set down her cup. "Andrew, if you care for Tessa, then marry her. She has no one else but you now, right?"
The family was stunned, and even Andrew was taken aback. Marissa, of all people, was supporting his marriage to Tessa despite the Rowland scandal.
Andrew's brow furrowed as he tried to read something, anything, on Marissa's stoic face. But she was unusually somber tonight, only querying the family lawyer beside her.
"By the way, I have five percent of the Clements Corporation shares that I want to transfer. Can you arrange the paperwork for me?"
Was Marissa thinking of transferring her shares to Tessa? Had she lost her mind?
Surprise flickered across Andrew's face. "Mom, I know you like Tessa."
Just then, Tessa descended the stairs. She had worked hard to reduce the swelling on her cheeks. Though still reddened, she looked far better than the previous night's disarray. Hearing from the staff that Andrew had returned, she hurried down, tears streaming down her face. "Andrew."
He hadn't been home all night, and she had endured plenty of cold shoulders here. -Marissa despised her, and every servant in the house looked down upon her. Tessa couldn't stand it here. She yearned for a life with Andrew, just the two of them.
Seeing her fragile form, Andrew's heart softened. Only when Tessa reached his side did he grasp her hand. "My mom's going to transfer five percent of the company shares to you. Say 'thank you,' will you?"
###Chapter 637
Chapter 637
Tessa's eyes flickered with shock-a whole five percent of the Clements family stock?!
The Clements were among the top three most influential familles in Beaconsfield, Five percent represented a fortune in the billions, How could Marissa part with such wealth? But if Andrew said it was so, it had to be true,
A smile forced its way onto her face while internally, she scoffed, Once she married Andrew, everything the Clements owned would be hers. No matter how much Marissa despised her, she'd have to cough up those shares.
Just as Tessa was about to muster a thank you, Marissa's voice cut through, "I'd rather throw those shares to a beggar on the street than give them to you,"
Tessa was shaking with fury, her eyes so red and raw it seemed she had shed all her tears, She gritted her teeth with such fierce anger, it was like she was ready to grind them to dust.
"Andrew, you can marry her if you wish, but she cannot have a thing from the Clements estate, especially not the shares. As for your own money, do what you will, but don't forget that the Clements fortune belongs to the entire family. It's only because you're an only child that we trust and support you."
Besides, Marissa had the right to hold onto more shares back in the day, but out of disdain, she settled for five percent. Now, whom she decided to give them to was her prerogative,
Tessa felt like she was on the verge of spitting blood.
Damn it all!
Her palm was smeared with blood from clenching so hard, but she held onto Andrew as if holding onto a lifeline. Andrew felt her shiver and patted her back in an attempt to comfort her. Tessa's face was ashen as she lifted it to Marissa. "I don't need the Clements stock. I just want
to be married to Andrew."
Marissa snorted with a cold laugh. "Fine, get married. I won't ."
Humiliated, Tessa recalled the indignities from the night before. Her dignity had been trampled over and over. She had to accept it.
Andrew was furious, yet he couldn't lash out at Marissa. "Mom, I'm taking Tessa to my place."
Marissa shrugged, "Whatever, I don't really want to see her anyway. I'll handle the wedding arrangements. Now take her and go."
Tessa avoided looking at anyone, gripping Andrew's hand tightly. He led her out, buckling her into the car seat.
In the car, Tessa began to cry, her lips bitten bloody. "Andrew, let's do it. We're getting married soon. I'll come to your place tonight, and we can... you know, be together, okay?"
1/2
11:247
Andrew's expression darkened. He looked down at her face, gave her a reassuring kiss, then moved to the driver's seat. In truth, he was reluctant to take Tessa to his current residence. He's confused by his own resistance and thus felt irritable.
Over the years, Andrew had built a reputation for his shrewd business tactics, managing to hold his own against veterans like Max. Moreover, Andrew had been scandal-free and devotedly courted Tessa, a fact that had become a sort of urban legend in their social circles.
Driving in silence, Andrew answered a call from Jaired at a stoplight, whose tone was teasing. "What's going on, man? I heard you and Tessa got a beatdown from Brielle. That's gotta be fake, right?"
No one would believe such a thing without seeing it with their own eyes. With the Rowland family drama at its peak, Jaired's curiosity got the better of him, prompting the call.
Andrew was known for his quick temper, so it was hard to imagine anyone daring to cross him, not even Brielle with Max's backing.
Andrew's eyes narrowed, his tall frame accentuated by a black trench coat. He opened the car window with a cigarette agitatedly pinched between his fingers.
"She's digging his own grave," Andrew's voice was icy, his anger at the slap still simmering, plotting a time when he'd get back at Brielle.
###Chapter 638
Chapter 638
Jaired casually swung his legs onto the coffee table, a faint glint of mischief passing through his eyes. "Max is her shield. I you touch her, you can kiss our friendship goodbye for good."
Andrew's eyes were laced with sarcasm and spite. "I don't care about that. Even if Max goes ballistic, do you think he'd actually off me for messing with Brielle? Before that happens, I'll make sure Brielle's the one who's done for."
It was clear he had had it with Brielle.
Chuckling lightly, Jaired loosened his tie. "What's the real deal with the Rowland family mess? Didn't-you dig into it? How did it suddenly blow up in the media like that? Don't tell me Brielle is behind this?* Andrew had never considered pinning the situation on Brielle. If she had that kind of savvy, she wouldn't have gone straight to Harmony Haven Hotel to slap Tessa. She must have been out of options to resort to such drastic measures. He never considered that Brielle's appearance at Harmony Haven Hotel was entirely because of the picture of the necklace Tessa had sent.
"Do you really think she's capable of that?"
Jaired squinted, rolling up his sleeves to his elbows. Unlike those pampered rich guys, his tan skin, still gleaming from a recent workout, radiated robust, masculine energy. A handkerchief hung loosely around his neck, which he used to absentmindedly wipe away sweat, his whole demeanor exuding an aura of raw vitality. He had been on the team for years, so his muscles tensed with each movement. "Andrew, if she didn't have the chops, how did she manage to bewitch Max? The guy's been living like a monk, for heaven's sake. Before Brielle, I bet not even a female mosquito got close to him." Jaired had been curious about Brielle even before he returned to Beaconsfield. First Alivia, then Tessa, and now the Rowland family-there was every reason to suspect her involvement. Andrew fell silent, his expression darkening with intensity. If it really was Brielle, then it was time to settle both old and new scores.
Jaired sensed the hatred was sufficiently stoked, so he ended the call. After a refreshing shower, he walked out, headed to the liquor cabinet, and took a swig of the finest whiskey.
The Rowland family's predicament had him concerned, and he had already done some digging. Zaiden's misdeeds were indeed factual and not fabricated, or else the higher-ups wouldn't have acted so swiftly. But the tens of billions lost by the Rowland family overseas seemed engineered. The initial bid for that land was only twenty billion, but out of nowhere, several companies joined the fray, driving the price up to thirty billion.
Jaired, having spent years on the military, didn't have the reach to extend his influence internationally, and with the Riddle family's unique status, traveling abroad was a bureaucratic nightmare.
1/2
11-24
He managed to uncover that the Rowland family's overseas business was sabotaged, but it didn't seem related to Brielle. Even with all her cunning, how could she possibly extend her
reach so far?
So he deliberately tossed the problem to Andrew, whose family's influence was more fable overseas. Surely, they could unearth something. Whether or not it had anything to
do with Brielle would soon be revealed.
A sharp glint flickered in Jaired's eyes. If Brielle was involved, then her motives for being around Max deserved scrutiny.
Meanwhile, after hanging up with Jaired, Andrew's complexion soured. He was itching to confront Brielle, to give her a taste of her own medicine.
That slap had left a mark he couldn't ignore, not to mention Brielle's audacity in slapping Tessa right before his eyes.
If Max didn't care about their friendship, why should he?
Tessa's crying from the passenger seat grated on his nerves. Softening his tone after hanging up the phone, he tried to comfort her. "Stop crying. I won't let Brielle off the hook. As for my mom, you know how she is. You remember how harshly she spoke to Aubree."
In a sudden move, Tessa leaned over and kissed him fiercely.
###Chapter 639
Chapter 639
Andrew's gaze darkened. He could have returned her kiss, taken care of everything right there in the car, and torn her apart. But his body was cold, and no matter how Tessa teased him, he wasn't in the mood.
The traffic light had turned green, so he pushed her away. "I'll take you to my place, and we'll get married."
Joy lit up Tessa's face, and her lips quivered as she nodded through tears. This was perfect. Andrew was willing to marry her. If she could just get pregnant quickly, Andrew would be wrapped around her finger for good.
Aubree had ultimately lost. That tramp had been fucked by countless men. What did her wealth matter now?
When it came to love, Aubree had lost completely!
Tessa cried and laughed. Although the Rowland family had fallen, her marriage to Andrew would make Brielle and Aubree suffer. A thousand times more than the agony she was currently feeling!
There were no servants at Andrew's place, as it was usually just him and Aubree. Thinking of Aubree, his grip on the steering wheel involuntarily tightened, and he parked the car in the driveway with a heavy heart.
The lights were on in the room. Andrew's heart skipped a beat uncontrollably.
Just like the countless nights before, he'd return to find Aubree waiting for him with the lights on. Upon opening the door, he'd see her dozing off on the couch, her head bobbing.
He had refrained from contacting Aubree, believing she would come back as she always had. There was no need for sweet talk before, was there?
A trace of scorn flickered in his eyes. Sure enough, Aubree had returned. It seemed Brielle's words were just to scare him.
Tonight was perfect since Tessa was with him, too. When the two women met, he would tell Aubree to get lost.
She returned the necklace, causing him frustration. Now it was his turn for revenge, to give her
a taste of her own medicine.
He pulled out the car keys and didn't even bother to check on Tessa, striding towards the door and ringing the bell.
He intentionally didn't use his key, waiting for Aubree to open the door. However, after a full minute, there was no movement inside. Andrew felt his patience waning, tapping the door impatiently. "Aubree!" He called out, but still no response.
1/2
10:46
Chapter 639
What on earth was she doing?
Meanwhile, Tessa sat in the car, hearing Andrew call out that name. She felt a chill run through her veins, her lips trembling uncontrollably. She couldn't cry; her whole body ached as if her muscles and bones were being crushed.
Andrew had forgotten he had brought Tessa home. After knocking for a while with no answer, his expression darkened. Tonight, he would fuck her good!
He took out his key and opened the door to the room.
The room was a mess, not from a burglary, but from things he had left in a hurry to take care of Tessa. They were still scattered on the floor, untouched.
His brow furrowed as he marched towards the bedroom with an icy tone. "Aubree, what the hell are you doing? Don't you see the mess on the floor? Why haven't you picked it up?"
His voice was harsh. He kicked aside the clothes in his path and flung open the bedroom door.
The bedroom was clean, the air fresh. His heart inexplicably trembled as he flipped the light switch. Only then did he see the bedroom clearly-apart from the furniture, it was empty. Almost in disbelief, Andrew walked to the curtains and yanked them open.
Nothing.
He then moved to the closet, opening its doors.
###Chapter 640
Chapter 640
The closet was a shared space between him and Aubree, split down the middle-or at least. that was the theory. The reality was Aubree, ever the fashionista, had claimed the lion's share for her endless wardrobe. She could go a whole year without wearing the same outfit twice-from the freshness of spring to the cold of winter, every single day.
Seeing the closet as it was, the anger in his eyes softened. Aubree hadn't taken her clothes, which meant, despite storming off in a huff, she'd likely be back within a week. He exhaled a sigh of relief, closed the closet door, and made his way back to the living room.
Meanwhile, Tessa had arrived at the entrance and caught sight of the his-and-hers slippers on the rack. Her heart ached anew, nearly causing her to cough up blood from the emotional wound.
It seemed only then that Andrew realized he hadn't come home to an empty house tonight. "Come on in, Tessa, the wind's biting out there," he said, his voice a little awkward.
He grabbed a broom and began sweeping up the broken shards on the floor, clumsily gathering the dirty clothes from the couch and tossing them into the washing machine. But the thing was, the machine was Aubree's domain. He hadn't the faintest idea how to operate it. What in the world were these round buttons and blinking lights all about?
His brows knitted in frustration, turning the machine this way and that, eventually caving and pulling out his phone to call Aubree. If she picked up, he was ready to let her have it. Why be so dramatic and leave without doing the laundry, cleaning up, leaving him to deal with the
aftermath?
But Aubree didn't answer, and a wave of unexplained loss washed over him.
Shivering, Tessa reached out from behind him and pressed the buttons on the washing machine. It whirred to life, the lights came on, and the drum began to spin. She said nothing, her face pale, her heart feeling as though it had been torn open, bleeding out endlessly.
Andrew seemed to remember the presence of another soul in the house and muttered a distracted "Thanks."
The word was like a thousand needles to Tessa's chest, the pain so intense she could barely breathe. "No need for that between us, Andrew," she whispered.
He stared blankly for a moment before snapping back to the present. He was fond of Tessa, but out of concern for her health, they had kept things uncomplicated-aside from the occasional kiss, nothing more.
Aubree was the one who laundered his shirts, socks, and trousers. She was the one who cooked his meals. Even in bed, they fit together with a comforting familiarity.
To Andrew, Aubree was like an ever-burning light in the darkness, initially too glaring but now painfully missed once extinguished. Even with Tessa there, the room felt too large, too empty.
1/2
10:46
Chapter 640
Tessa wrapped her arms around him, her voice a plea, "Can we take a shower together? Please?"
From the moment she'd entered the room, she felt a strong sense of rejection. Everything here was tainted with Aubree's shadow, and she desperately wanted to erase it. "We're getting married soon, Andrew. Your mom said she'd handle the wedding arrangements," she tried to remind him, her voice trembling with urgency.
They had to get married; failure wasn't an option. Andrew had always said he wanted to marry her. If not, what would she do?
Andrew looked down at her hands wandering over his chest. In this room filled with the essence of Aubree, he felt a sudden, overwhelming urge to flee.
He grabbed the keys from the table. "Let's go somewhere else tonight. I have another place with staff that will look after you. Here, you'll be all alone."
Tessa's eyes widened, and she could no longer hold back. She fainted.
"Tessa!" Andrew cried out, panic-stricken, as he rushed her to the hospital.
###Chapter 641
Chapter 641
Brielle learned that Tessa had been hospitalized the next morning, and a smirk tinged her eyes. Tessa had always been as fragile as a porcelain doll, seemingly on the verge of fainting at any moment. After all the recent setbacks, it was a wonder she hadn't collapsed sooner. Brielle half-expected her to have been rushed to the hospital, coughing up blood long before now.
She had inquired about Tessa at the hospital and learned that her condition was more serious than ever before. Word was Tessa had been taken to the emergency room in the middle of the night and hadn't been released yet.
Tessa had to gamble on who truly held Andrew's heart if she wanted to cling to him as her lifeline.
After freshening up, Brielle descended the stairs just in time to see Max donning his new scarf. To complement it, he had deliberately chosen an overcoat in a matching shade. It was rare to see Max out of a suit, so when Brielle caught sight of him in this ensemble, her step faltered, and her cheeks flushed with color.
In a suit, he seemed untouchable, distant, but in an overcoat, he exuded a gentle warmth. The scarf was looped just once, showing off the Adam's apple, and the iris detailed at the end wasn't too conspicuous - one had to look closely to discern its type.
Brielle had always known that Max was strikingly handsome, and despite the countless times they had hung out, she still found herself dazzled by him every morning. Now, with a slight change in his attire, she found her cheeks heating uncontrollably.
She feigned composure as she approached the breakfast table and noted that he had finished his meal and was getting ready to leave. As he passed by her, he paused behind her and leaned in to ask, "Does it look good?"
The answer inside Brielle's heart was a resounding yes. She had never seen anyone more attractive than Max. But outwardly, she casually picked up a glass of milk from the table and took a sip. "It's alright, I guess."
Max glanced down, noticing the blush on her earlobes, and smiled.
Patrick called from the doorway, hurrying him along. Max left her with a simple reminder, "Make
sure to eat well."
Brielle nodded, waiting for him to leave before allowing her tense body to relax. It wasn't that she couldn't resist the temptation; he probably would have that effect on any woman. Upon seeing Max, any woman would have to restrain herself from letting out an excited squeal.
The glimpse of him in the morning uplifted her spirits, and she felt as if a fluttering butterfly with wings of vibrant crimson hovered before her eyes.
It wasn't until she pulled into the Stellar Stage Entertainment lot that her smile began to fade. In the rearview mirror, she noticed the car that had been following her coming to a halt. She had been aware of it for a while, assuming it was another executive from Stellar Stage
1/
10:46
Entertainment, but when she saw who stepped out, Brielle raised an eyebrow and opened her car door.
Andrew, his face clouded with fury, strode directly toward her, Brielle didn't back away but instead casually tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and looked up at him with a composed smile. "Mr. Clements, not at the hospital with Tessa but here blocking my way? How unusual."
"Who gave you permission to sell Aubree's house?!" Andrew's eyes were bloodshot as he grabbed Brielle by the throat. "Brielle, don't think that just because Max is protecting you, I wouldn't dare lay a hand on you. That slap you gave me last time is enough for you to pay with your liffe a hundred times over."
Brielle had always been aware of Andrew's bad temper and his tendency to act without regard for the consequences. As her oxygen was cut off, her face turned an angry red, but her eyes still held a look of disdain. "Do you really think I could have sold the house without the owner's permission?"
Andrew's pupils contracted sharply, and his grip on her throat turned into a tight hold on her wrist, pulling her toward his car. He had never been gentle with other women, and Brielle felt her wrist might snap from his forceful tug.
The car doors locked, trapping Brielle inside. Her expression turned cold. "Andrew, what do you
think you're doing?"
Andrew's chest heaved with suppressed rage as he gripped the steering wheel. "Take me to
Aubree."
###Chapter 642
Chapter 642
Brielle couldn't help but smirk, a sarcastic curve playing at the corners of her lips. "Sorry about that. I've no clue where Aubree's at," she said, her voice tinged with irony.
No sooner had the words left her mouth than the gas pedal was slammed down hard. She hadn't even had time to buckle her seatbelt before she was nearly thrown backward. Andrew was fuming, and today, he was driving a two-seater sports car that could go from zero to sixty in a heartbeat. As he floored it, the world outside the windows became nothing but a blur.
The speed was so intense it gave her a feeling of extreme weightlessness. Her scream was like stuck in her throat, unable to escape or be swallowed.
Brielle had never experienced anything like it. All she could hear was the roar of the engine. Everything else was lost to her. Time and space seemed to be in reverse, her recent meal pressing uncomfortably against her stomach, making her feel nauseous, but the cold sweat breaking out on her back made it impossible to vomit.
Andrew was torturing her on purpose, perhaps because she had sold Aubree's house or maybe because of the slap she had given him last time. He was always one to hold a grudge, and she was sure he was looking for a chance to get back at her for that slap.
Brielle's face grew colder, but she maintained her composure. "Andrew, are you trying to get us both killed?"
"Do you really think you're worth dying with me?" His tone was cool, his muscles tense, as he pushed the gas pedal to the floor again.
Once the speed picked up, he slammed on the brakes. Even with her seatbelt fastened, Brielle felt her stomach churn with each jolt.
"Tell me where Aubree is, Brielle, and I'll let you go," Andrew demanded again.
Aubree wasn't answering her phone, so the only person who might know her whereabouts was Brielle. The thought that Brielle had sold Aubree's house without his permission sent Andrew into a panic. It was as if he was about to lose something vital.
Brielle gripped the safety belt, closing her eyes to ease the dizziness. "Aren't you about to marry Tessa?"
With a sneer, Andrew sped up the car again. "My marriage to Tessa won't affect what Aubree and I have. Tessa's not in good health."
Brielle found it both funny and bitterly ironic. So, he truly believed Aubree was just Tessa's replacement when he needed to relieve himself?
She closed her eyes, her face growing pale. The car continued at this insane speed until they were far outside the city.
1/2
11:13
Chapter 642
"The moment you tell me where Aubree is, I'll let you go," he said, pulling out his phone for her
to see.
Brielle saw the flashing name. Max was calling, but Andrew didn't answer. He simply switched the phone to airplane mode. His phone had anti-surveillance technology, so no one could track
him.
She knew he meant it. There was nothing Andrew wouldn't do, even if it meant killing her.
"You sure you want to play this game, Andrew? Tessa's probably still in the ER, and if she doesn't see you soon, who knows what kind of scene she'll make?"
Her voice was calm, and her expression remained composed even as the adrenaline from the high-speed drive lingered.
Tessa was indeed still in surgery, and the situation was especially dire.
Andrew just remembered he had left something at Aubree's place. It had been days since he'd seen her, so he decided to check her place. What greeted him was a stranger - a man he didn't recognize. A flurry of thoughts and a surge of anger overwhelmed him, like a knife slicing through his body.
Was Aubree keeping other men on the side? How dare she?
He shoved the man aside, storming into the bedroom. The woman inside screamed, shaking with fear.
It wasn't Aubree. Relief washed over Andrew, but before he could process it, the police were called, and he spent his morning at the station. It was only then he learned the house had been sold.
That house was once his refuge after late nights at work, where he would go to find Aubree. That was years ago, when he was hooked on Aubree's presence. The sounds of the wind, thunder, and rain outside, him pressing down on her inside - it was a satisfaction like no other. In his mind, Aubree was always there, waiting for him. He never imagined the house would be sold one day.
###Chapter 643
Chapter 643
Andrew thought it was time to snuff out Brielle's life. He never dwelled on consequences-his own satisfaction was paramount.
He could even disregard that she belonged to Max. So what? To cross him was to court death.
However, a nagging feeling told him that killing Brielle would provoke more than a slap from Aubree.
His hands gripped the steering wheel with a wild edge, and his brows knitted in fierce determination. "Brielle, my business with Aubree is none of your concern. She's well aware that I plan to marry Tessa. My heart has always been with Tessa."
*Andrew, did Aubree not tell you? The moment you marry Tessa, she'll step out of the picture. She's just getting an early start. Your wedding is coming up soon, right? Tessa's relying on you more than ever. If you don't marry her, think of how pitiful she'll be."
Her face was lit up with a smile as the sunlight kissed one cheek.
Suddenly, a chilling thought struck Andrew. Brielle wasn't looking forward to his marriage with Tessa; she was anticipating pushing him and Tessa into a living hell.
That grave called marriage seemed to beckon him and Tessa to a point of no return.
But why?
He had never liked Brielle. He despised her even because he knew all too well how she had climbed the social ladder to Max's side through less-than-honorable means. He had always looked down on such women, much like his disdain for Aubree.
Women were all the same in his eyes. They either used their bodies to get ahead or threw around their beauty to seduce men.
He'd admit his treatment of Aubree over the years was far from kind. For him, she was nothing more than a convenient bed partner. She was a call away when he needed her, worth a stack of cash he would leave behind after using her. Everything was clean and uncomplicated.
Deep down, Andrew sensed that Aubree wanted more than this arrangement. And yet, all he could offer was just that.
He was the heir to the Clements family and the CEO of Clements Corporation. He could hardly announce to the world his affair with his sister in all but blood. The moment that news leaked, Clements Corporation's shares would plummet.
He'd trampled Aubree's genuine feelings until they were numb, never caring for her pain. So what was he so angry and conflicted about now?
He floored the accelerator, continuing to torment Brielle. Pain began gnawing at Brielle's stomach, her discomfort growing.
Behind them, several cars were in pursuit. She recognized one-it was Max's. He had arrived
But Andrew dicht stee, cushing the pedal to the metal His car was a custom sports car with the advantage of speed maintaining a tenuous distance between them. "Andrew, are you pericing because Aubree wants to end things with you? You're even redecting Tessa's well-cerg. It seems you're not that fond of Tessa after all."
"Shut up!" Andrew was turious, his breath uneven. He took a sharp turn, only to confront a roadwork sign ahead.
The sports car's speed left no time for reaction, and the vehicle barreled past the sign. In a salt-second decision. Andrew varked the steering wheel narrowly avoiding a collision with an oncoming trud The car slammed into a roadside tree, crumpling the hood. Shards of the shattered windshield pierced Andrew's chest, while Brielle suffered only a minor cut to her arm.
He breathed a sigh of relet, cong the car door open. Before he could react. Max had him by the collar, landing a heavy punch on his face.
Andrew's teeth nearly rattled loose with the blow.
Brielle, with only a scratch, ocened the now-broken car door and stepped out, clutching her injured arm. Wax saw the red on her limb and delivered a kick to Andrew's chest.
an
Sumounding drivers red stocked, all taking out their phones to capture the scene.
Jaired and Patrick who were following close behind, sensed trouble. Patrick reached Brielle first, draping his jacket over her head. "Ms. Brielle. please get in our car."
She nodded, aware that this scene would cause an uproar if it went viral.
Glass was embedded in Andrew's chest, and Max's punches had him teetering on the edge of
Ife
Jaired attempted to stop Max his expression grave. "Brielle's fine, but Andrew's badly hurt. Do you went to kill him?"
Max's expression was icy, but thoughts of Brielle made him stride back to his car.
Jaired helbed Andrew off the ground, sighing at the smartphones poking out of car windows, knowing it was too late to stop the spread.
"Can you walk?" He supported Andrew, who clutched at his chest, each breath a stab of pain. Jaired ushered him into his car, urgently instructing the driver to head for the hospital. The glass shard couldn't wait. If Andrew died, all of Beaconsfield would be thrown into chaos.
###Chapter 644
Chapter 644
The accident had already been captured on camera by passing motorists.
Max and Andrew's faces were familiar to anyone who flipped through the business section of the daily paper. They were celebrities in their own right, with Max commanding even more attention than Hollywood's leading men.
However, before the video could go viral, it was forcefully suppressed. It was pulled from the internet and remained unseen by the general public.
Meanwhile, within the elite circles, rumors were spreading like wildfire.
Max and Andrew had come to blows. It was not just a scuffle-it was a brutal fight to the bitter end.
At that moment, Brielle was sitting in Max's car, noticing the bloodstains on his knuckles beneath the coat he'd worn since morning. She quickly reached for the first aid kit stashed under the seat.
A chill seemed to radiate from Max, so Patrick tactfully lowered the privacy screen.
Brielle knew that her and Andrew's near-miss with the truck had shaken Max. It had scared her, too, to the point where she thought she and Andrew might've actually died.
She took out the first aid kit and gently cleaned the blood from his knuckles with a cotton swab. He just had a scratch from the glass, thankfully not too deep. As she was about to blow on the wound, Max took the swab and started to remove her jacket.
"Don't move," he said, his voice icy.
Brielle shivered. "I'm really okay, it doesn't hurt."
Although it was a minor cut, it was still bleeding. It hadn't hurt at first, but under Max's intense gaze, she became acutely aware of the pain.
The car pulled up at the hospital, with Jaired's vehicle not far behind. There was no interaction between them.
Max led Brielle to the ER without so much as a sideways glance.
Her arm throbbed, her stomach ached, and the violent car surge left her head buzzing.
"A mild concussion, nothing serious. The cut just needs to be disinfected," the doctor said after a brief examination.
After treating Brielle's wound and warning her to keep it dry, the doctor was ready to send her on her way, but Max insisted she stay at the hospital for observation for a couple of days, concerned about potential complications from the concussion. Brielle had no choice but to
agree.
Meanwhile, in the operating room down the hall, the surgeons had successfully removed the
11:13
Chapter 044
glass shards from Andrew's chest.
Lucky guy." they remarked with "If it had been just a tad off, it would've pierced his heart.
Indeed, he was lucky.
a sigh of relief.
When Andrew regained consciousness, he was surrounded by the Clements family members, all wearing grim expressions. It was obvious to everyone that this brawl with Max was serious. Both sides definitely needed to sit down and hash it out. Andrew's injury wasn't exactly a scratch, while Max appeared to be in the pink of health. No matter which way you cut it, Andrew seemed to have drawn the short end of the stick.
The chatter from Andrew's relatives was giving him a headache. "I need to rest," he grumbled.
Marissa ushered the others out, leaving them alone.
"Is Tessa here?" he asked once they'd left.
Marissa's expression soured. "Yeah, she's here. Crying to see you and causing a scene."
Andrew, annoyed by her sardonic tone, chided her. "Mom, you used to be so good to her. Why the sudden change?"
Before Marissa could reply, the door swung open, and Tessa appeared, looking pitiful with swollen eyes. "Andrew," she gasped, clutching his hand as if it took all her strength.
Her reaction was genuine. She was devastated remembering how Andrew had instinctively protected Aubree, the woman she loathed.
"Stop crying," Andrew said, his frown deepening.
Marissa, tired of their melodrama, got up to leave. "The wedding is set for next week. Your grandfather and Michael are already dealing with the situation between you and Max. We need a bigger story to distract the public. It's the perfect time to announce your marriage. The Rowland family's reputation might be shaky, but our PR will spin you as the devoted fiancé. It'll shield us from backlash. Get ready."
She paused, turning to Tessa with a pointed look. "I've kept my word. Make sure you keep yours."
Tessa's grip tightened, feeling faint from frustration and anger. She began to cough, dabbing her mouth with a tissue that quickly spotted with blood. Her body was too frail, and she was far from accepting it. She made sure Andrew saw the blood, her voice tinged with desperation. "Andrew, do you agree? Shall we get married next week? Marissa is about to release the news. Is that okay?"
###Chapter 645
Chapter 645
Andrew's Adam's apple bobbed as he eyed the stark red ink on the pristine tissue. He squinted, almost wishing Max would knock him out cold so he wouldn't have to face such a dilemma.
And something about Marissa's demeanor seemed off. If she was so repulsed, why hadn't she put a stop to this wedding? Wasn't she always so concerned about the Clements family's reputation? Andrew just couldn't figure it out. Moreover, he couldn't find any excuse to turn down Tessa. Wasn't this marriage what he had been aiming for all along?
He dropped his gaze, trying to ignore the twinge of pain in his heart. "Yeah."
Ecstasy flitted across Tessa's eyes as she pressed her pale lips together. "I'll cooperate with the doctor and get well soon, Andrew. How about we go pick out a wedding dress in a few days?" Andrew's irritation grew, but then he thought, if he were to get married, Aubree might come back, right?
With a firm answer from Andrew, Tessa left the hospital room on cloud nine. As she passed by Brielle's room, she paused, tempted to go in and gloat. However, before she could step in, the sight of the man standing by the window sucked the bravado right out of her.
She thought about retreating, but it was too late. Brielle had seen her, and so had Max, his brow furrowed.
Tessa's face paled even further. "Andrew and I are getting married next week. We'll send you an invitation."
Her words weren't meant for Brielle-they were aimed at Max.
"Max, you'll come, won't you?"
Max's expression darkened. He was about to speak when Brielle cut in. "How do you know the wedding will even happen? Do you know why Andrew got hurt? He was pushing me for Aubree's whereabouts, He's hunting her down like a rabid dog. I doubt he truly wants to marry you."
Tessa's carefully crafted fa?ade shattered, her face twisting as she stared at Brielle.
Brielle remained serene, her eyes untroubled. Tessa knew that if she stayed, she'd be the one losing her cool. She was going to marry Andrew anyway. Brielle's words must've been out of desperation. That bitch could see just how blissful she and Andrew would be. Tessa scoffed and turned on her heel.
Once she was gone, Brielle pressed her lips together and fell silent. Max closed the door, shutting out any further unpleasantness.
Brielle's phone rang-It was John.
"Ms. Haywood, we thought we'd be here for two months for the shoot, but there are only a few usable locations. I've thought it over, and I'd rather shoot at my old stomping ground. You've been there. It's the perfect mix of cityscape and back alleys, a stark contrast. As for the small-town scenes, we've got a few segments that work, so I'm here asking for permission to head back tomorrow."
Brielle's heart skipped. This development caught her off guard, her irritation flaring, but she couldn't really force John to stay.
Rubbing her temples, she sighed. "Have the phones been distributed yet?"
They all had signed NDAS, and their phones were confiscated.
"Not yet. We'll hand them out after the shoot."
Brielle was about to breathe a sigh of relief when John's tone shifted. "However, Miss Aubree took her phone. I didn't stop her. You said she's a friend, and she assured me she'd fulfill her duties."
Brielle's heart sank. No smile could be coaxed forth now, and she simply agreed to their
return.
Max's phone buzzed too-it was Michael.
The mess he and Andrew had created needed a solution. Otherwise, the entire social
circle would think the families were at odds.
"Max, come back for a bit."
At the Dorsey family estate, not only Dorsey folks were present, but Clements elders too. Both parties had been negotiating politely for over ten minutes.
Michael had made concessions, and they decided to announce a big joint venture after the Clements family released news of the wedding. This would quell any rumors of a rift. between the families. The Dorsey and Clements families had too much shared history to resort to public mud-slinging.
In less than twenty minutes, the talks concluded. The butler courteously escorted the Clements guests out, only to return to find Michael smashing a glass in anger.
"Damn fool!"
In all the years, Michael had used those words for others in the Dorsey clan but never for Max. Now, his chest heaved with fury, a testament to his rage.
The butler hurried over with a sedative, only to have it slapped away.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
###Chapter 646
Chapter 646
In the hospital, Brielle watched as Max's expression darkened after he took a call. She suspected it had something to do with the Dorsey and Clements families.
The incident had been witnessed by too many, and although Michael had managed to suppress the news, the word had definitely spread within their circles. The bad publicity meant the two families would have to sit down and hash things out.
"Max, maybe keep your hands to yourself next time."
Those punches he had thrown at Andrew had even hurt her to watch. Andrew hadn't been knocked out by the glass shards but had nearly been floored by Max's fists. Though, if she was being honest, it had felt pretty satisfying. After all, she had long wanted to give Andrew a piece of her mind.
Tessa's audacity to treat Aubree that way was a direct result of Andrew's years of indulgence. Why could he still live so carefree?
Max sat at the edge of her hospital bed with a light chuckle, "It's nothing."
How could it be nothing? Michael already wasn't fond of her, and now he probably detested her completely.
"Aren't you going back to the Dorseys?"
"No need. Whatever they had to discuss, they've surely sorted it out by now."
"I don't want to stay in the hospital."
Brielle tugged gently at his shirt, looking up at him, "I'm really okay. Can we just go home. tonight?" Just the thought of Andrew and Tessa being in the same hospital made her feel nauseated.
2
Max remained unmoved, sitting by her bedside, "We'll leave in the morning."
That was as much of a compromise as he was willing to make. Brielle sighed, resigned, "Okay."
Meanwhile, Tessa was fighting the urge to vomit blood in another room. She replayed the video of Aubree, finding relief as she watched her pitiful state and tears. She had promised Marissa not to leak the video, but she hadn't said anything about not sending it directly to Aubree herself.
Did Aubree know she was being filmed? Did she know the video was now in Tessa's hands? If she didn't, the video would probably drive her insane.
Tessa's mood lifted, her lips curving into a smile as she felt less pain in her body. She tapped on Aubree's contact and sent the video. [Bitch, look at how all these men fucked you. And just so you know, Andrew and I are getting married soon.]
After sending that, still feeling unsatisfied, she sent another message. [Oh, and your probably don't know, but today, Andrew nearly killed Brielle.]
Having sent those messages, Tessa finally felt a bit of relief from the pent-up rage.
Coughing and clutching her chest, she lay back on the bed, exhausted from the recent turmoil. All she needed was for Andrew to marry her. Then, she could survive anything. She closed her eyes.
Elsewhere, Aubree and her crew were packing up for the night. They were about to shoot the last scene, where she had to embrace Ricardo.
In this movie, they were siblings living at the bottom of society. The word 'siblings' instantly reminded her of her relationship with Andrew, making her stomach churn.
Ricardo noticed her discomfort and patted her back. "Aubree, you need a break?"
Aubree didn't feel the usual aversion towards Ricardo, probably because he had seen her at her worst. There was no need to pretend.
She shook her head, pushing through the last scene before stepping away to vomit out of sight. She had lost count of how many times she had thrown up recently. The presence of strange men triggered her body to react.
Ricardo came over with a bottle of water and handed it to her as he noticed her significant weight loss. "We're heading back to Beaconsfield tomorrow, Aubree. Maybe you should see a therapist." "It's okay
Aubree rinsed her mouth and wiped her tears, then her phone buzzed. Only she and John had phones on set. The rest were turned in.
She picked up the phone and saw Tessa's messages. As she watched the video, reliving the ordeal, the men's insults, her own terror, she thought she'd scream or be too sick to sleep.
But she was calm..
Ricardo leaned in to peek and frowned. He didn't like the catty drama between women. He reached for her phone to delete the video.
"Don't," Aubree said, her voice hoarse. She closed her eyes and opened the second message, feeling anger ignite within her.
Taking a deep breath, she dialed Brielle's number. Was Brielle hurt because of Andrew?
###Chapter 647
Chapter 647
Brielle wasn't at all surprised when her phone lit up with Aubree's name. The last thing she wanted was for Aubree to bring up Andrew and Tessa's wedding.
"Bri, are you hurt?"
Brielle was taken aback. She hadn't told anyone about her injury, and it wasn't circulating online. How did Aubree find out?
"Yeah."
'Did Andrew do it?"
Brielle really wanted to downplay it, to say it was just a minor concussion, something a couple of days' rest could fix. But suddenly, she felt a pang of cunning. She didn't want to explain. Maybe this would push Aubree to distance herself from Andrew. Between her safety and her love for Andrew, Aubree would surely choose the former..
"Yeah, Aubree, you coming back?"
The turmoil in Aubree's eyes roiled like a stormy sea upon hearing Brielle's confirmation. She wished she could teleport back to Beaconsfield.
Those assholes!
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Aubree replied, "Yeah, I'll be back by morning to see you."
"I'll be at the Premier Palace tomorrow. You focus on your shoot. Don't worry about me."
After a few more exchanges, Brielle hung up, still concerned about Aubree's mental state. With the news of Andrew's marriage spreading online, Aubree likely knew about it, but she showed no reaction. Brielle breathed a sigh of relief. She put down the phone just as the bathroom door in the private hospital room swung open, and Max emerged. The room was a luxury suite, complete with a small kitchenette but only one bed.
Brielle noticed Max's phone had been ringing off the hook, but he hadn't picked up once. His hair was damp as he sat on the edge of the bed.
It was late, eleven at night, time to sleep, but thoughts of Aubree's return kept Brielle awake. Plus, Michael had been pressuring Max to return to the family estate, adding to her restlessness.
She snuggled into bed beside him, finding solace in his arms, and couldn't help asking, "Is Michael trying to replace you because of the fight?" As the heir to the Dorsey family, his public outburst was a disgrace. Worrying about both Aubree and Max made Brielle feel like her heart was being fried.
Max, In his pajamas, patted her back soothingly. "I hold fifty-one percent of Dorsey International's shares. No one can replace me."
But Brielle's unease persisted, sensing Michael had something up his sleeve.
"Don't worry. Sleep," Max murmured, kissing her forehead.
Brielle's anxiety was amplified, and she suddenly propped herself up on his lap. "Max, you're not going to break up with me, are you?"
Max's voice turned hoarse. They'd been too busy for sex lately, and her move had ignited a fire within him. He closed his eyes, his Adam's apple bobbing. "No, I'll go to the estate tomorrow and have a talk with my father."
Relieved, Brielle lay back down on his chest. "I can't think of what Michael would do to you, so I'm worried."
Darkness flickered in Max's eyes, his fingertips tracing her waist. "Don't worry."
Finally feeling sleepy, Brielle slid down beside him, her worries easing. She thought they'd return to Premier Palace together the next day, but when she awoke, Max was gone.
Patrick was waiting to take her back.
When she arrived in Premier Palace, she tried to call Max, but he didn't answer.
Sensing her concern, Patrick offered her a book. "Ms. Brielle, the CEO will be back soon."
Brielle's mind wasn't on reading. Then her phone rang. Aubree had arrived in Beaconsfield. Their crew had taken up residence in the same run-down neighborhood John used to live in. They had rented several clean, spacious rooms.
She texted Max about visiting Aubree, but he didn't look at his vibrating phone.
In front of Max was his father, practicing his calligraphy in silence, a priceless painting hanging behind.
The study, crafted from solid wood and furnished with Michael's favorite pearwood chairs, was filled with the faint scent of coffee.
Neither spoke, a silent contest of patience.
Seasoned in life's battles, Michael continued to write with a steady, forceful hand, as ruthless as his business tactics. Brielle had been right. Under Michael, the Dorsey family had seen many disappearances. He was the most ruthless of them all.
Max might have been sharp in business, but he had never turned his hands against his
own family. In certain situations, Michael might have lost his conscience, and Max simply disdained petty fights.
###Chapter 648
Chapter 648
Michael knew better than to try to outlast Max In a game of patience. He had watched his youngest son grow Into a man who could keep his lips sealed just as tightly as his father, If not more so.
Having finished the last stroke of his calligraphy, Michael set down the brush and
accepted a handkerchief from the butler to clean his hands. "What's your plan with the Clements family?"
"Haven't you already done everything that needs to be done?"
A chill flickered in Michael's eyes. He finished wiping his fingers and handed the handkerchief back to the butler. "I've spoken with the Clements family and made some concessions. The damages are around a billion dollars."
Max considered this for a few seconds before responding. "It can be deducted from my personal account."
"Max!"
Michael's anger flared, and he slapped the desk. It was the first time he'd ever lashed out at Max like this, a hint of frost in his glare. "All this for a woman. You seem pretty content to be the butt of the joke."
It was a harsh accusation. After all, any random chapter from Max's life thus far had been nothing but highlight reels. He was never the topic of ridicule. "Father, having Brielle by my side is icing on the cake."
Michael's breathing grew labore; it was the first time he'd been this incensed. His chest heaved in silent laughter, though it was anything but humorous. "I've heard Martha's condition has worsened. The sanatorium has called you several times, and you've been ignoring them, even going as far as instructing the doctors to take drastic measures."
"Mother's emotional state was too agitated. I did what I felt was best for her."
"Absurd!"
A cup shattered at Max's feet.
Michael's brow furrowed deeper, his tone ice-cold. "I remember that wager with Brielle well. I won't make things difficult for her for at least half a year. But if you continue with this outrageous behavior, don't blame me for breaking our agreement. Max, I won't touch you, but I can't make the same promise for Brielle. She has too many vulnerabilities. Do you think you can protect everyone involved?"
It was a blatant threat. His most prized son was brawling in the streets - it was an affront to everything Michael stood for. Moreover, it was with the heir to the Clements family, a brother who had grown up beside Max.
1/3
Michael was a seasoned businessman, and he knew when to hold back. "I'll have Alivia spend more time with your mother. Consider how you might make it up to her. Jose enjoys collecting art. I happen to have a piece he would appreciate, 'The Twelve Scenes of Landscape."
The recompense wasn't for Alivia but for the Barnes family.
Michaei added, "You know Alivia wants more than that."
"Father, that's all I'm prepared to offer." Max's words were blunt, typical of his nature, and not prone to deception.
Feeling the conversation would only serve to aggravate him further, Michael waved Max
away.
Before leaving, Max instructed the servants to clean up the broken glass. Then he stepped into his car parked outside. He was about to reply to Brielle's message on his phone when the car window was tapped. It was the butler.
The butler spoke with due respect. "Sir, Mr. Michael recently assigned someone new to Dorsey International to be your assistant. He forgot to mention it earlier and sent me here to inform you. Also, he insisted that you are not to dismiss this person."
Who could this new person be that required Michael's personal attention?
Max nodded slightly. When he drove to Dorsey International and saw the woman who appeared on the top floor, his brow furrowed ever so slightly.
His new assistant was a woman with a passing resemblance to Brielle. If Sydney had merely copied Brielle's dress sense, then this woman had captured Brielle's essence. Her every gesture, combined with the resemblance, could easily be mistaken for Brielle's under the dim lighting.
She was Michael's plant. Michael had not explicitly stated it, but Max understood the implication. As part of the deal to settle the brawl with Andrew, this woman had t by Max's side as his secretary.
remain
Max was not one to be provoked by such tactics. His gaze lingered on her for a moment before he entered his office.
The woman respectfully stood at the entrance, not following in, but consulting with the people about the other procedures here.
These people all knew Brielle, but Brielle had been fired. Before, there was a Sydney, who deliberately came to the top level to wander around, but she has recently disappeared. It was said that her family had reported to the police and Dorsey International had also helped to find her, but they had not been able to find her.
Now there's another one who looked so much like Brielle and had a similar temperament to Brielle, which seemed a little aloof.
23
People who were used to the genuine were not fond of the counterfeit, and they initially. thought this woman was like Sydney, just an Imitator. However, after spending just two hours with her, everyone found that her abilities were very strong, even far surpassing. others.
Upon asking, it turned out that she was a Harvard graduate and a master's degree holder at a young age.
###Chapter 649
Chapter 649
Patrick furrowed his brow as he noticed the shift in the company's staff-from their initial coldness to a growing acceptance of her, and now, to outright praise. It unsettled him.
Max's phone rang shortly after. It was a call from his former mentor at Harvard, who mentioned the new secretary. She was the professor's goddaughter, Annie.
Max had been well-looked after by the professor during his time at Harvard, so he didn't decline the implied request. Max had thought Michael's move to be a minor play, but it turned out to be a significant one-Annie was his professor's goddaughter.
Rubbing his temples, Max recognized this as a hot potato he didn't want to handle.
Annie knocked and entered, placing the documents on the desk. "Hello."
There was a respectful tone in her voice, her gaze demure, "These are from my godfather. I just got back to the States this morning and have already met with Michael. I didn't expect to be placed here, but it came up in conversation with my godfather."
Her tone was casual, her every move exuding the essence of Brielle.
Max tapped his fingers lightly on the desk, not responding. Initially, he had intended to assign Annie some minor tasks to keep her away from his office. However, the professor requested that Max allow Annie to gain experience under him as she intended to teach at Harvard and take over his position. She had completed her Master's degree, and this was her first doctoral project—a test of her abilities.
Max pieced together Annie's background between the lines of the professor's words. She had been abandoned by her parents as a child, and was taken in by the professor. He had supported her education and living expenses all the way to university. He had not only adopted her as his daughter but had also made her his protégée.
Neither spoke for a moment.
"You don't need to feel pressured," Annie finally said. "My godfather sent me to learn from you and to complete my doctoral project. If it inconveniences you, I'll let him know myself."
"It won't be a hassle. Your workstation is outside. If you have any questions, feel free to ask others." Max's face remained expressionless, his demeanor cool and detached. Annie paused, then nodded, "Thank you." With that, she turned and left.
Patrick walked in just as she exited, their shoulders nearly brushing. The resemblance-her featurés, poise, and aura-were too similar to Ms. Brielle's.
Shutting the office door behind him, Patrick approached Max, shuffling through some files, hesitating to speak. "Mr. Dorsey, do you think we should tell Ms. Brielle about this?"
1/2
Annie's arrival was too coincidental. Michael's directive, coupled with the personal entreaty from Max's former Harvard mentor, meant that Max couldn't simply send Annie away on some pretext. "No need." Max didn't see the need to discuss such matters. There was only one Brielle.
Brielle had planned to visit Aubree today. She was passing by Dorsey International and hadn't intended to go in, but a message from a former colleague caught her attention.
(One Sydney was replaced by another, even more high-profile Sydney-Ms. Haywood, when are you coming back?]
A higher-profile Sydney? Brielle's brow creased, and then she received a photo from her colleague. The woman in the photo was backlit, her face obscured. If Brielle didn't know better, she'd think it was a candid shot of herself.
[She has already cozied up to the top brass, sharing laughs with Patrick. Apparently, she's the goddaughter of Mr. Dorsey's mentor from Harvard. Her tactics are something else. The execs can't stop singing her praises.]
No woman liked to see someone who looked like her near her boyfriend.
Brielle felt her premonition had come true. Michael had indeed prepared a major play. It wasn't an immediate assault on her relationship with Max but a more subtle approach. But if she reacted now, rushing to Dorsey International to investigate, she'd be conceding defeat without a fight.
Brielle guessed that Michael had deliberately placed this woman in Dorsey International, likely having already made arrangements with Alivia. After all, Alivia was the Dorsey family's favored daughter-in-law candidate. Michael had promised Alivia benefits before. and likely offered more this time to keep her happy.
Alivia had to do nothing now but sweetly accept Michael's plans, curry favor with Martha, and watch as Brielle and Annie battled it out. If Brielle and Max's relationship suffered because of Annie, Alivia would reap the benefits of their strife.
Brielle's rational mind prevailed, but she couldn't help feeling a surge of irritation.
###Chapter 650
Chapter 650
She felt the wound on her arm twinge again. It had been hastily bandaged, but the news she received first thing in the morning soured her mood. Still, she didn't head into Dorsey International, opting instead to call Max.
At that moment, Max was in the middle of a meeting, with Annie and Patrick standing just behind him. One was an assistant and the other a secretary. Both were there to keep a pulse on his schedule. When Brielle's personalized ringtone sounded, the frost in Max's brows softened, a hint of warmth flickering in his eyes. He gestured for a pause in the meeting and stepped out onto a small balcony with his phone in hand.
The executives refrained from gossip, instead whispering among themselves about the current project.
Annie glanced curiously at Max's retreating figure, unable to resist asking Patrick, "Who's Max on the phone with?"
Patrick's expression remained unchanged, his response strictly professional, "It's the Mr. Dorsey's girlfriend."
He didn't know whether Michael had given Annie any special assignments or if she was just that good at playing her role so far, she hadn't slipped up
"Max has a girlfriend now?" Surprise flickered in Annie's eyes, followed by a light chuckle, "That explains it."
Max was only away for a few minutes. When he returned, his face was once again a mask of indifference, and he signaled for the executives to continue their reports.
Annie saw Max reach for a document and moved forward respectfully to help him. Max had never interacted with Patrick in such a manner during a meeting, so he was taken aback when her hand brushed against his. Their hands met awkwardly as both reached for the same paper.
Annie quickly withdrew her hand. "I apologize, Max. I was out of line."
If it had been any other woman, such close contact with Max would have surely elicited excitement. But Annie's reaction was calm, an accidental touch, nothing more.
Annie and Brielle were too similar. Even the other executives at the table were momentarily taken aback. This new assistant bore an uncanny resemblance to Brielle.
Max's expression darkened, feeling as if the skin Annie touched was now tainted. In the silence, a disinfectant wipe was offered to him. Annie's demeanor was still respectful. "I've heard you're a bit of a germaphobe, Max. I'm sorry for that, and I'll be more careful
next time."
With her apology so plainly stated, what could Max say In response? He frowned but didn't take the wipe, instead allowing the executives to continue their report.
When he didn't accept it, Annie tossed the disinfectant wipe into the nearby trash can and resumed her position behind him.
After the meeting, Max retreated to his office and meticulously cleaned his hands with disinfectant wipes.
Patrick watched from the side, feeling a bit queasy himself. But the truth was, Annie hadn't done anything wrong, so there was no ground for reprimand. She was simply performing her secretarial duties with due diligence.
As Max almost scrubbed his hand raw, Patrick cautiously interjected, "The project team is waiting for the afternoon files. They need your signature."
Max paused his cleaning and opened the nearby folder with a heavy brow. Once he finished reviewing the documents, the HR Director walked in to report on this quarter's personnel movements. But as soon as he opened the door, the chill inside made him. shiver. With no choice but to enter, he braced himself and stepped in.
The HR Director was among the first to know about Max and Brielle's relationship, often seizing opportunities to sing Brielle's praises in front of Max. As someone skilled in interpersonal dealings, his insights were sharper than a sieve.
He caught sight of the iris flower at the end of the scarf around Max's neck and quickly offered a smile, asking, "Where did you get that scarf? My wife tasked me with buying her a scarf as a gift, but she hasn't been pleased with any of my choices. Do you know if the women's version of your scarf is also sold?"
Patrick overheard from the side and thought to himself, "Clever as always, old fox!"
Sure enough, the gloomy cloud on Max's face broke, a smile shining through. "They don't
sell these in stores."
His voice was filled with tenderness. He had the scarf washed and cared for daily. With spring on the horizon, it seemed he would be wearing it for some time to come.
"So someone made it for you? They must be quite the craftsperson."
With a subtle turn of phrase, the HR Director steered the compliment back to Brielle.
###Chapter 651
Chapter 651
The somber mood that had enveloped the office dissipated in an instant, replaced by a warmth akin to an early spring day in March.
Max looked up, catching the gaze of the senior executive who had just walked in. The HR Director started to detail the tasks ahead with businesslike precision. Once the official matters were wrapped up, he complimented the scarf again. The compliment lingered in the air as he left, leaving behind an ambiance as balmy as a spring breeze.
Patrick had been standing right beside Max the whole time, silently taking mental notes of the cunning the old fox wielded. It was no wonder this man had managed to keep his seat as Director for so long. Even at an age where most were considering retirement, Max hadn't suggested he step down.
Beyond his evident skill, the man was truly a master of diplomacy and charm.
Patrick breathed a sigh of relief. Regardless of the events, Max was in good spirits now, and the morning's oppressive atmosphere, which had nearly crushed him, had lifted. He had been on the verge of calling Brielle for backup, but remembering Max's directive to keep this issue from her, he decided against it. Little did he know, Brielle's former colleague had already filled her in on the situation.
At the moment, Brielle was feeling anything but cheerful as she drove to the neighborhood where John had lived. She made her way down the alley and up to John's residence.
The crew was already hard at work, but Aubree was nowhere to be seen. She quickly sought out John to inquire about Aubree's whereabouts
"Aubree's not scheduled on set today, so I told her to rest up at the hotel," John explained. "We've just got back, and the place needs a good clean. She hasn't been feeling well lately, and I didn't want to force her to stay here. Seems like she comes from a well-off family. She booked a room at the hotel. Ricardo's looking after her now."
Neither of the lead actors were needed on set that day. Aubree had intended to come and observe, but memories of that horrible night in Beaconsfield had resurfaced unbidden, leaving her pale and nauseous all morning.
John had been on the verge of calling an ambulance when Ricardo intervened, insisting he'd take Aubree to the hotel to rest.
John, a seasoned director, knew the entertainment industry was a tumultuous sea, but Ricardo seemed too pristine, hardly the type to take advantage of someone vulnerable. Given that Aubree appeared comfortable with Ricardo, John didn't press the issue and let them be with a wave of his hand.
Brielle hurriedly dialed Ricardo, but his phone lay on the table in the hotel bathroom, vibrating silently alongside Aubree's phone. Aubree retched over the sink.
Aubree, maybe I should call a therapist for you," Ricardo suggested with a frown.
"No!" Aubree protested, her face ashen, her stomach in knots. She had tried to forget that night, but it was impossible. Returning to Beaconsfield had made her unwell, and she struggled against the waves of
nausea.
Both Ricardo and Aubree's phones were unanswered, leaving Brielle worried. Even thought she was confident that Aubree would be safe with Ricardo by her side, she couldn't help but fret about Andrew, that mad dog on the lookout for Aubree. If he learned where Aubree was staying, chaos would undoubtedly ensue.
In a dark wish, Brielle hoped Andrew's wounds would become infected, leaving him too weak to cause any trouble.
Back in the hotel room, Aubree sat slumped on the edge of the bathtub, her face a pallid. mask of discomfort. Ricardo squatted before her, his gaze intense and earnest. Suddenly, he made an unexpected offer. "Aubree, should I take care of Tessa for you?" he asked seriously.
Aubree thought he was joking and chuckled weakly.
But Ricardo was dead serious, his usual fee for such a task forgotten. "Do you want me to, Aubree?"
His clean-cut demeanor made his casual mention of murder all the more jarring, yet somehow not out of place. He was reminiscent of a figure from Greek mythology, the youth who died clutching a narcissus flower, destined to be radiant yet tainted by shadows.
This mythological character was well-liked because his innocence was genuine, as was his ruthlessness. He could be anyone in the world but could never truly be himself.
Aubree closed her eyes, the acid sting of tears eased by his unsettling proposition. She had booked a suite in the hotel, a spacious sanctuary from her turmoil. Clutching her stomach, she moved to the couch and collapsed into it, her face as white as linen.
Ricardo pondered for a moment before digging out some antacids and fetching a glass of water, setting them beside her.
Aubree didn't particularly enjoy Ricardo's company, especially after he and Brielle had accidentally witnessed her in that compromising situation. His presence was too pristine. The cleaner he seemed, the dirtier she felt about herself. Her shame seeped into her bones, a stain no amount of scrubbing could remove.
Her eyes reddened, and she covered them with her hand.
Ricardo called for some takeout. "Have some soup. It'll help settle your stomach," he said as he busied himself with the curtains, letting the sunlight flood the room. He sat near the window, absently twirling a fruit knife between his fingers, his silhouette framed by the light.
2/3
Chapter 651
Aubree's face was still an unhealthy shade of white. She watched the glinting blade dance through his nimble movements and couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at the incongruous sight.
###Chapter 652
Chapter 652
Ricardo's skin was a healthy, creamy white, like the most pristine and outstanding teenager you'd bump into on a college campus, someone who just naturally stood out from the crowd. Noticing Aubree looking at him, he paused his movements and flashed her a smile. "Does your stomach still hurt?"
Aubree felt a bit better, and as her phone started ringing, she tried to reach for it. She lacked enough strength, slid off the couch, and hit her head on the coffee table, wincing at the sharp pain. Ricardo got up and came over to help her back up. Dazed from the bump, Aubree looked up at him with blurry eyes.
It was at that moment that the room's door swung open. Andrew stood there, flanked by the hotel manager. His pupils shrank as he took in the sight of the two tangled on the couch. "What the hell are you doing?"
Aubree stiffened, the dizziness in her head vanished instantly, leaving her heart feeling like it had been slashed open. Her face drained of its last bit of color.
As if he hadn't heard a thing, Ricardo continued to help her up and guided her back to the couch.
The lobby manager outside witnessed the awkward scene and quickly made his escape. He wasn't blind. He could tell this was a lover's quarrel gone wrong. Andrew was radiating fury, his chest aching and tingling as if thousands of insects were biting him. The pain was so intense he couldn't even think straight. How could this happen?
He had been searching for Aubree for days, and upon learning that her information had shown up at a Dorsey International hotel, he came straight from the hospital. He thought Aubree would come to find him as soon as she returned to Beaconsfield.
They hadn't had sex for a while; she must have missed him. She always couldn't stay away from him. It must have been the same this time. She knew Andrew was getting married and hurried back.
Andrew couldn't contain his excitement on his way here, but he had never expected to open the door to this scene. Aubree was pinned down by a young guy, staring at him with a dazed and willing expression. It was clear as day - a picture of mutual desire.
Andrew's heart felt like it had been pierced, panic and rage coursing through him uncontrollably. He strode forward and yanked Ricardo away.
"Aubree!" Andrew's grip tightened in her hair, his eyes red with anger. "You... you..."
12
12:09
How could she stay with another man behind his back!
This bitch!
Andrew felt a humiliation like never before, a foreign emotion that pricked his entire being.
He wanted to strangle her right there. But before he could lay a hand on her, his cheek. stung from a blow. Aubree was barely able to stand. She trembled and glared at him as if he was some kind. of natural disaster. Andrew touched his cheek, puzzled. It didn't hurt, but he
heart was in sharp pain. He couldn't understand this feeling, only that Aubree's actions had infuriated him.
Exactly, Aubree found another man behind his back, and he caught her red-handed. Had she been hooking up with someone else for the last two days? His tongue licked at his cheek, tasting the bitterness of blood, and he let out a cold laugh.
Aubree was shaking all over, retreating from his approach, backing away like a cornered animal.
Help. She wanted to flee from here, to go anywhere but where Andrew was.
Tears welled up and spilled over as she looked at Ricardo as if pleading for rescue.
Andrew noticed her gaze had shifted from him, his heart skipping a beat. Uncontrollably, almost panicking, he reached out for her.
"Aubree, you-"
"Don't touch me!"
Aubree backed away, falling clumsily to the floor. The water from the coffee table spilled over her chest, but she was oblivious to it and just kept retreating further, wanting to get as far from Andrew as possible.
Andrew stood frozen as if struck by a spell. He had never felt this way before. It was as if he'd been slapped a dozen times or like a giant hand had clutched his heart.
He realized something was wrong with him, as he shouldn't have been that angry. It was, just Aubree with another man. Wasn't he tired of her anyway?
However, he felt as if his bones were being crushed, the pain making his eyes redden.
###Chapter 653
Chapter 653
Aubree was like a wounded animal, desperately distancing herself from Andrew, clutching at Ricardo's jeans as if begging for refuge. Her reason had fled, and all she sought was a place to hide.
Ricardo was indifferent to the tangled mess between the two. In fact, he should have relished their agony. He was far from a savior. However, he crouched down, grabbed a tissue from a nearby table, and gently wiped the tears from Aubree's cheeks.
Her tears were relentless, like a broken faucet that couldn't be turned off. Ricardo frowned, looking at Andrew. He was about to speak, but Aubree wrapped her arms around his waist and buried herself into his embrace.
Ricardo's expression darkened instantly, the switchblade in his sleeve twitching with anticipation. This was uncomfortable.
Suppressing the urge to lash out, he took a deep breath and offered Andrew a mocking smile, but to Andrew, that smile was a challenge. The last shred of Andrew's composure vanished, and in a rage, he grabbed Aubree's hair and pinned her down on the couch.
"Aubree, have you lost your damn mind?!" he bellowed. "Are you freaking crazy?!"
She had thrown herself at another man right in front of him.
Aubree's head hit the couch hard, dizziness swirling within her, and nausea rising up again.
Andrew's next words hit her like a stun gun. "You're so desperate, huh? Will anyone do? How slutty can you
be?"
Aubree bit her lip, tears streaming down her face. She had no energy to struggle, just like that day. After fighting back, all that remained was numbness.
The buttons on her blouse were torn open, and Andrew's teeth sunk into her skin. "You've been mine for years. How could you go to someone else? It's disgusting, isn't it?!"
Suddenly, a glass bottle shattered over Andrew's head. Ricardo had let go of the bottle, now looking with a furrowed brow as blood streamed from Andrew's scalp.
Andrew stiffened, nearly passing out from the pain. Regardless, he managed to kiss Aubree forcefully.
Aubree didn't respond with a smile as she used to. Instead, she just cried harder.
Minutes dragged by and the pain coursing through Andrew's body remained relentless. How he yearned for the solace he once found in her passionate cries, calling out his name uncontrollably. Whenever she did, the pain would ebbed away, if only a little.
He closed his eyes, releasing her mouth. "Tell your lover to get lost!"
Ricardo stood behind them, a headache brewing. He truly believed Andrew had a death wish, Was a woman's allure worth all this fuss? After that hit, Andrew must've not been thinking straight, but he was still forcing kisses on Aubree.
Ricardo pulled out his phone, saw a call from Brielle, and breathed a sigh of relief. He approached Andrew and grabbed his collar, ready to throw a punch.
This guy was really a pain.
Andrew was no slouch himself, and even with injuries, he managed to exchange blows with Ricardo amidst the chaos of the room.
Ricardo's arm was grazed, drawing blood.
Chapter 653
Aubree lay on the couch. Her eyes finally moved as she saw Andrew reaching for the switchblade, aiming for Ricardo's shoulder. Stimulated by something unknown, Aubree grabbed the broken bottle neck Ricardo had dropped and stabbed Andrew's palm.
Andrew's face turned pale, staring at her in disbelief. His head buzzed, his heart aching, struggling to
breathe.
He watched as Aubree trembled, checked Ricardo's shoulder, and asked if he was okay in a hoarse voice. "She must be blind," he thought. How could she not see that he was hurt, too?
Andrew felt heat behind his eyes. He resisted the urge to collapse and just stared unblinkingly at Aubree.
Aubree was helping Ricardo, who seemed unharmed, to sit down beside her.
Ricardo was surprised Aubree had acted. Given Andrew's weakened state, Ricardo could have dodged Andrew's blow. However, a smile crossed Ricardo's face, his inherent mischief aroused. Staring at Aubree, he feigned weakness, "Aubree, I'm scared." After the words, he flashed Andrew a taunting smile.
Andrew trembled with rage, his mind strangely clear amidst the pain. He vividly felt the sharp agony throughout his body and his eyes growing hot.
Aubree was tending to a man she hardly knew, leaving Andrew in the cold. He bit his lip, eyes growing hotter, and managed to say hoarsely, "Aubree, are you blind? Can't you see I'm more hurt?"
The pain was too much. The Aubree before him was no longer the Aubree he knew. The Aubree of before would tremble at the sight of his blood, anxiously inquiring about the injury, not turning a cold shoulder as she did now.
###Chapter 654
Chapter 654
Andrew's chest heaved with a violent rhythm, and he felt a dampness on his cheeks. He lifted a hand to touch it, but couldn't quite identify the sensation. His hands were covered in blood, so he assumed it was blood on his face as well.
Only Ricardo could see clearly, It was tears. Was Andrew crying?
Andrew seemed oblivious to it. His nose tingled, his lips pursed and unpursed, but no complete sentence would come out. The pain was so intense he felt like doubling over, yet he resisted. He didn't want to show any signs of weakness in front of Aubree.
His palm, slashed and still bleeding, turned his complexion pater by the second. In the silence, he heard Aubree's clear voice cut through."Just leave.*
The pain was so acute it had become numbness. He just stared at Aubree, and it took what seemed like an eternity before he managed to utter a single question. "Are you... Are you possessed or something?"
That cruelty couldn't be Aubree's.
He turned to leave, each step an agony, his fingertips trembling uncontrollably. As he reached the door, Aubree still said nothing to stop him from leaving. His heart ached even more. He rounded the comer and couldn't help but want to crouch down.
The nervous hotel manager, witnessing Andrew's bloodied state, dialed 911 in a panic. "Mr. Clements, are you alright? Please, don't scare me."
The concern from a stranger amplified the pain tenfold, a hundred fold. He must have been in a nightmare.
He wished so dearly to awaken from it. Come on, wake up.
When Brielle arrived at the hotel room, she was greeted by a scene of chaos.
Aubree was huddled on the couch, legs pulled up to her chest, while the cleaning staff summoned by Ricardo were tidying the room. The bloodstains and the trash emitted a mixed, nauseating, metallic odor. Brielle was taken aback. She first checked on Aubree, who was unharmed. After ensuring that Ricardo was fine, too, she let out a sigh of relief and slumped down beside them.
"What happened?"
Hearing Brielle's voice seemed to anchor Aubree back to reality, and a surge of emotions she'd held back broke free. She clung to Brielle and sobbed.
Brielle continuously rubbed Aubree's back, feeling her heart sink. Ricardo hadn't provided details over the phone, only that Aubree was in trouble. Now, hearing Aubree's heartbreaking cries, Brielle deduced Andrew must have come by.
Irritation surged within her, a part of her wishing she could confront Andrew and end it all.
Aubree was exhausted, both mentally and physically drained. After crying in Brielle's arms for a while, she fell into an uncontrollable sleep.
Brielle draped a blanket over her and turned to Ricardo. "What did Andrew do?"
Ricardo frowned, struggling to explain. Finally, he admitted, "It doesn't seem like he did much, but he's hurt."
There was a lot of blood, but it seemed unlikely he would die. The guy was built tough, after all.
Brielle, still feeling scared, rubbed her temples. "Ricardo, thank you."
He was taken aback, having felt like he hadn't really done anything. "Ms. Haywood, don't mention it. I was
1/2
11:33
just an observer.
His tone was nonchalant, though realizing his comment might've been inappropriate, he added, "The atmosphere between those two... it's odd, as if they're from different worlds."
Whatever Ricardo did, he was just a bystander looking on. To Ricardo, everything in this world was like a play, unable to stir his emotions.
Remembering the moment Aubree embraced him, his ears inexplicably reddened. "Aubree seemed really distraught, Ms. Haywood. Maybe we should call a psychologist, a woman, considering she's repelled by men right now. Though, she didn't seem to reject me."
This surprised him, but Brielle knew why and felt an even deeper ache.
The blood stench in the room seemed inescapable, so she had them move to another suite.
Meanwhile, at the hospital, several doctors bustled about, tending to Andrew's wounds. His head was wrapped in gauze, as were his hands.
Andrew sat motionless in his hospital room, unresponsive even when the bandages pulled at his injuries.
The doctors hadn't administered any anesthesia, yet he hadn't made a sound throughout, which made them marvel at his endurance. Andrew truly felt no pain. He just stared blankly at one spot until the doctors left. Only then did he quietly lie down.
It was all a dream. He would sleep it off, and everything would be better.
###Chapter 655
Chapter 655
Andrew was destined for a restless night. No sooner had his head touched the pillow than Tessa's sobs pierced the silence outside. She burst into his room, her face turning ghostly pale at the sight of the bandages wrapped around his palm and head. Tears cascaded uncontrollably down her cheeks.
"Andrew, who did this to you? Oh my god, your injuries look terrible. She clutched at Andrew's uninjured hand, her tears plopping heavily onto the back of it.
Andrew seemed numb, and his fingertips only stirred after a long pause as a frown creased his forehead. "Tessa, stop crying, please."
Tessa's sobs didn't cease. "Was it Aubree? Her voice was hoarse, and she watched Andrew freeze before he denied it. "No, it wasn't"
Panic seized Tessa, rendering her speechless. Why did her mind immediately leap to Aubree?
The same had happened when Aubree had slapped him, and he'd dismissed it, claiming he'd walked into something.
Tessa knew Andrew too well, he was not one to let offenses slide. When Brielle had slapped him, he'd wanted to lash out, to make her pay dearly, Only Aubree seemed to have the power to make Andrew swallow his pride and endure any hurt in silence without uttering a word about revenge.
A sense of dread overwhelmed Tessa, her heart pounding wildly as if she wanted to scream, to confront him with the burning question.
Did he love Aubree?! Had he ever truly cared for Tessa at all? Why was it always Aubree causing turmoil in his life when he'd always tried to win Tessa over?
Tessa felt a mix of hatred and fear as she carefully kissed his palm. "Andrew, you're still going to marry me, right?"
Andrew's eyes remained closed, silent. He desperately wanted to escape into sleep, to wake from this nightmare. Tessa's weeping, however, robbed him of any peace. It took a half-hour before he opened his eyes irritably. "Enough, Tessa."
She looked up at him, her eyes bloodshot. "Andrew, I love you. We'll be together, get married, and have kids."
"Uh-huh,"
A tidal wave of emotion swelled in Andrew's eyes. One moment, he was numb with shock. The next, he was wracked with pain so fierce he felt like doubling over to catch his breath.
This was no dream. Aubree really had struck him because of another man. She had betrayed him!
The logic that had long since vanished was slowly returning. He sat up, feeling a sharp pain in his palm. Fury prickled through him. The shock had been too great before to properly punish Aubree. His lashes drooped in a mix of resentment and pain. Hadn't she claimed to love him? Hadn't Aubree always
said she adored him?
Deep down, he'd always known of Aubree's affection and just chose to ignore it. He'd let her orbit him like a lovesick fool, asking him night after night if he harbored even the slightest affection for her. Of course, he didn't care for her. She was nothing more than a convenience, and he'd always been clear about that. So, without a hint of guilt, he'd let Aubree wait on him for years while he always spent his birthdays with Tessa instead.
Indeed, he'd never celebrated Aubree's birthday with her, which, inconveniently, was just days apart from
11:34
Tessa's
Andrew's mind flashed back to the cruelest thing he'd ever done - ordering a birthday cake on Aubree's day, only to have the card bear Tessa's name. He had realized his mistake only when Aubree opened it. He had unconsciously instructed the bakery to write Tessa's name, since he had never ordered a cake for Aubree. The air had been thick with awkwardness that evening, yet Aubree had let him fuck her. She seemed to have no boundaries with him as if she were spineless in his presence.
A buzzing filled Andrew's head. Could that pretty boy make her happy? If she sought a new thrill, shouldn't she air for someone on his level?
Unaware, Andrew was just jealous - so jealous his eyes reddened.
"She'll come back," he thought. "Just like before."
###Chapter 656
Chapter 656
had intended to spend the night at the hotel to keep Aubree company, but she was politely turned
After a brief meltdown, It seemed like Aubree had collected herself. She just momentarily lost control because she had run into Andrew unexpectedly and without preparation.
Aubree gathered her composure, announcing that she would stay with the other crew members. Brielle wanted to persuade her otherwise. After all, Aubree was a lady of privilège, unaccustomed to modest lodgings, But Brielle's words fell on deaf ears, and she could only ask Ricardo to keep a closer eye on Aubree.
Once Brielle had seen them settled, she met up with John. A cigarette dangled between John's fingers, his face alight with joy. "Ms. Haywood, rest assured, they're both immensely talented. Aubree even slimmed down significantly to better fit the image of the character she's playing. She was too glowing before, too rosy and healthy."
Brielle chose not to mention that Aubree's weight loss hadn't been intentional for the role.
"How soon till we wrap up?" she asked.
John's face beamed with confidence at the question. "In a month and a half. I thought Aubree and Ricardo, being new to the game, would need considerable time to gel. But ever since we've started shooting, every scene has been sheer perfection. I haven't come across actors of such natural talent before, Ms. Haywood. You have quite the eye."
John was almost nostalgic as he spoke, the cigarette burning down to his fingers unheeded.
"Isn't your ex-wife named Amelia?" Brielle interjected. She had done her homework. Amelia, the hottest female director in the biz, had garnered a wave of sympathy and a following after news of John's domestic abuse had surfaced. Now, she was thriving in show business.
At the mention of Amelia, the smile vanished from John's face, replaced by a dark scowl. Just the thought of that woman made his heart feel like it was being gnawed on by countless insects. His fingers trembled so much that he didn't even feel the burn of the cigarette on his skin.
Brielle plucked the cigarette from his hand and tossed it into a nearby trash can. "Just focus on making a great film. I'll handle the rest," she reassured him.
John's breath shook with emotion as he watched Brielle, eventually patting her shoulder. With a raspy
he said, "Thank you."
voice,
"John, that's what I promised from the start, isn't it?"
John cast his eyes downward. Falling from the pinnacle of success to being an outcast had given him a firsthand taste of the world's fickleness. Every time he saw Aubree and Ricardo on screen, he half expected to wake up to the same old struggle, staring at a wedding photo on the wall and letting his bitterness ferment in solitude. He was determined to create a masterpiece as a token of gratitude to Brielle.
As he was thinking this, his phone rang. Brielle saw his expression flip the moment he caught sight of the unfamiliar number flashing on the screen. John knew the digits all too well; they were seared into his memory, impossible to forget.
Brielle got it immediately. It was Amelia, John's estranged ex-wife.
"John, take the call." Her voice was a balm, and after quivering lips and a long pause, John finally closed his eyes and answered.
Amelia's polished voice came through. "John, I hear you're shooting a film again?"
1/2
11:34
Despite John's fall to the slums, living in cramped quarters, Amelia could never shake her und tabs on him at every turn.
Her informants had relayed that John seemed to be busy with a substantial crew, apparently shooting a film. But the location had been rented out entirely and was now off-limits. Her spies couldn't get in anymore. Surprise filled Amelia's eyes. Who at this point would invest in John's films and risk being drowned in the vitriol of netizens?
Across from Amelia sat the impeccable Kenzo, a script lying beside him. Clearly, Amelia was discussing a collaboration.
Kenzo gazed out the window with indifference, his coffee gone cold. They had been talking for a while, and their conversation was nearly at an end. Many directors coveted the script at Kenzo's side, but as the most accomplished female director at the moment, Amelia was the perfect fit for this script that centered on female empowerment. Hence, she had arranged to meet with Kenzo.
It was notoriously difficult to get an appointment with Kenzo. Amelia had tried for half a year before finally securing a meeting today. If she hadn't connected to Kenzo through Beaconsfield College, he probably wouldn't have given her the time of day.
However, out of expectation, Kenzo had gently, yet firmly, turned her down.
12
At this stage in her career, it was rare for a screenwriter to refuse Amelia's advances. She was nearly forty but well-maintained and beautiful. The world tended to be kind to beautiful women.
###Chapter 657
Chapter 657
Getting shot down by Kenzo really lit a fire under her. Then she heard through the grapevine that John was still scrapping by and couldn't help but dial his number.
John's voice was cool, 'Yes, I've found someone willing to invest in my company."
Amelia let out a scoff, surprised that John now seemed to handle her call without losing his cool. It seemed that the boss of the new company had given him a solid confidence boost.
"Well, I'm all eyes. I mean, you're my ex-husband. Even though your past deeds were quite scandalous, it wouldn't be a total waste of our marriage if you're willing to pick yourself up." Hearing her hypocritical words made John feel sick to his stomach. After all those years together, he never really saw through her until she showed her true colors. The domestic abuse allegations stuck after the divorce. She transferred all the funds to her account, and he was cleaned out, leaving his reputation in
tatters.
And there she was, climbing over him, even taking over the network he had built.
How could he accept that?
His eyes reddened, but looking up into Brielle's serene gaze, he found his resolve again. "Don't worry, I won't disappoint you. As for you, I bet you won't sleep a wink tonight." With that, he hung up. Amelia clenched her teeth in anger. Where was he getting his confidence?
She grabbed her purse. She needed to find out who was backing John.
She turned to Kenzo with a polite smile. "Mr. Kenzo, I hope you'll reconsider me for the role. A woman understands a woman best, and I believe I can truly capture the essence of the script." Kenzo's pale fingertips stirred his coffee absently. "Was that call to John?"
Kenzo, being somewhat of a figure in the entertainment circle, was well aware of Amelia and John's notorious split.
After Amelia downplayed John's worth, she smirked. "Some company's backing his movie. I wonder who'd dare provoke the wrath of the internet. That film will tank. No one will touch it." Kenzo's face remained gentle, though his stirring slowed a bit. "Stellar Stage Entertainment, ever heard of
it?"
5552222 0 2 2 28 0 38 3 2 2 Fa
Amelia paused. She had heard of them, but weren't they nearly bankrupt a few years back? They were saved only by a mysterious benefactor's funds. Despite being around for years, they had no noteworthy talent.
The worst part was Stellar Stage Entertainment's terrible reputation. Executives from other companies had recently been picking 'pets' from them. The 'pets' meant Stellar Stage Entertainment's female artists. John must've been desperate. His stubborn pride had sunk so low as to work with such a notorious
company.
Amelia sneered inwardly. It was high time to pay a visit to Stellar Stage Entertainment. "Mr. Kenzo, how do you know about this? I thought you weren't interested in showbiz."
Kenzo just smiled, placing down his spoon. "I'm not interested." But that didn't mean he never was.
already found someone you like, I hope we can collaborate another time."
Thanks for the info. If you'r
Amelia left politely after paying the bill.
Kenzo sat a while longer, noticing people snapping photos of him. His brow furrowed slightly.
11:34
Chap
A group of starstruck girls nearby whispered excitedly about his looks and charm as they admired their photos.
The calm in Kenzo's eyes faded as he read a message on his phone, smiled softly, and left.
When Brielle returned to Stellar Stage Entertainment, she found Donny pacing anxiously outside her office.- "Ms. Haywood!" Donny looked relieved to see her. "Ms. Haywood, you've got to see what's trending online!" Brielle's expression turned curious as she checked her phone. In just a short time, Amelia and John had become hot topics.
Amelia had posted a photo of Stellar Stage Entertainment's entrance on social media with a caption. [Stellar Stage Entertainment backs John's film. Wonder if it's about domestic abuse?]
That single line dragged up the sordid past of her divorce due to alleged abuse, sparking discussions about Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Amelia, a well-known director with a knack for creating stars, had set the internet ablaze. Her usual collaborators retweeted, and the topic soared to the top of the trending list.
The public lashed out at John again, and Stellar Stage Entertainment's skeletons tumbled out of the closet, including accusations of mistreatment, withholding salaries, crushing young dreams, and more. In no time at all, reporters swarmed the entrance to Stellar Stage Entertainment's offices.
###Chapter 658
Chapter 658
by was pacing the room like a caged animal, clearly at his wit's end. "Ms. Haywood, what are we gonna
Stellar Stage Entertainment was in the dumps after being smeared left and right in the media; its reputation
tamished as a forgotten silver heirloom. And now they were tangled up with the notoriously shady John. The whole crew took a verbal beating that could strip paint.
Donny thought Brielle would be equally frazzled - after all, their movie was still in production, and with a reputation as sour as spoiled milk, who in their right mind would pony up for a theater ticket? But Brielle just glanced at the latest barrage of bad press. "Tell the PR folks to spread the word that Stellar Stage Entertainment is under new management. We've done a full housecleaning. If there's any muck to rake, it should be flung at those execs who've been shown the door." She wasn't about to carry the can for someone else's dirty work.
"But will people buy that?" Donny asked, skepticism wrinkling his brow.
Brielle's smile was a thin slice of cunning. "Just have HR release all the staff changes. That'll speak for itself."
A lightbulb went off in Donny's head - why hadn't he thought of that? With about half of Stellar Stage Entertainment's staff handed their walking papers, it was as obvious as a billboard that a major shake-up was underway. He wasted no time getting the PR department to broadcast the HR movements.
The public, in the midst of their bashing frenzy, was suddenly gobsmacked by the chart of personnel changes, especially since the reasons listed were all "terminated" - not a voluntary walk-off, but a forced exit.
The PR department, usually as silent as a mime, was finally handed a task and was so eager they might as well have been glued to their chairs around the clock. The team was buzzing with a rare excitement. They had been benchwarmers for years and were finally called to play.
The PR manager, with a flourish, rallied the troops. "We've been waiting years for a moment like this. Let's show some gumption!"
At his command, the whole department willingly burned the midnight oil. When they wrapped up, they were each buzzing with energy, itching for another round in the online fray, Brielle hadn't been at the helm long, but the atmosphere at Stellar Stage Entertainment had already shifted dramatically.
The old, unspoken rules of the game, the injustice had everyone feeling powerless against it and swallowing their grievances. But times had changed under Brielle's watch. She had an opinion box installed in the lobby of the main building. Any senior staff caught misbehaving could be anonymously reported with evidence, and she would deal with it the next day. This decree led to another round of dismissals.
The PR department was in perfect sync with Brielle's actions, updating the latest staff movements on the public platform as soon as another head rolled.
The internet onlookers, initially smirking at the drama, started to grow curious about this enigmatic CEO.
"Whoever has the guts for such sweeping reforms must have some serious clout."
"With so many firings, Stellar Stage Entertainment's stocks are nosediving. Are they really okay? I get they want to improve, but isn't this a bit drastic?" "It's all for show. I bet this CEO is no saint."
11:34
"Pit I think this so-called CEO is just trying to save their own skink
Those remaining at Stellar Stage Entertainment were almost universally won over by Brielle's tactics. wouldn't want a boss who focused on getting things done? Who didn't want a more promising job, better pay, and benefits? What self-respecting adult wasn't sick of the cutthroat office politics?
So the PR department, finally dusting off their social media accounts, clapped back at the criticism, "Our CEO is fantastic, a real gem of a person. Only those still with Stellar Stage Entertainment know her worth. Perhaps the peanut gallery should refrain from speculating about what they don't understand."
The post garnered support from the company's loyalists, with hopeful artists retweeting en masse.
"Our CEO is a great leader. I have faith in her."
"Right on! If I were a guy, I'd marry her!"
"Ms. Haywood, my hero!"
As more and more of these once-dormant artists took to social media, verified with their own official tags and Stellar Stage Entertainment prefixes, the tide of public opinion began to shift. Those who had been jeering were suddenly silenced as the online battle turned.
Before turning in for the night, Brielle's heart warmed at the sight of these comments. She considered joining the social media fray herself when a pair of arms encircled her. Her phone was gently taken away, and as her nightgown's sash slipped, she let out a suppressed gasp.
Looking up, she met his stormy gaze, and her heart skipped a beat, her resolve melting away.
Max's movements were rough, a stark contrast to the polished gentleman the world saw. Brielle blushed, reaching up to encircle his neck, but was interrupted by the ring of Max's phone. His brow furrowed in rare irritation, a shadow of annoyance flickering across his face.
###Chapter 659
Chapter 659
Brielle watched as he ignored the persistent ringing of his cell phone, silencing it again amidst the nearly suffocating kisses between them. Finally, she reached for the phone herself.
It was an unknown number. Taking a deep breath, she pushed him away, worried that she might be keeping him from something important.
After pressing the answer button, she held the phone to his ear. Max shot her an annoyed glance before hearing Annie's voice on the line. "Hey, Max."
Brielle caught the female voice, her eyebrows arching in curiosity.
Max's hair was tousled, and he wrapped his robe around him as he walked over to the window. "What's up?"
His voice, rough with lust, came out unintentionally seductive.
Annie paused, then said casually, "I received a file this evening that's missing a crucial piece of evidence. I called Patrick, and he said the material is in your office. But you've always said your office is off-limits without your permission, so that's why I'm calling you now. Can I go in?"
Considering the professor had specifically asked Max to provide tasks that would assist Annie with her PhD research, he had no reason to refuse her request for materials. "Go ahead."
"Is it in the drawer on your left or your right?"
"On the right."
Annie opened the cabinet and immediately spotted the document she needed. "Got it, thanks. Sorry for disturbing you this late."
Before she could finish, a thunderous sound came from outside the office, like a large pane of glass being smashed. This was followed by a startled cry from Annie.
Max's brows furrowed. "Annie?"
There was no response, and the call had been abruptly disconnected.
The room's previously charged atmosphere vanished in an instant. Max made a call to the building's security, instructing them to check the top floor, and began dressing in a dark, heavy coat. Brielle quickly changed as well. "What's happening? I'm coming with you."
"You should get some sleep. You have an early day at the company tomorrow."
But sleep was the last thing on Brielle's mind at that moment.
Realizing he couldn't dissuade her, Max reluctantly agreed, and together they headed to Dorsey.
International.
The security team called to inform him they hadn't seen Annie. Max's frown deepened. "Check the top floor's surveillance."
Only a couple of night-shift workers in the surveillance room, who hastily scanned the footage, only to find images of Annie leaving the CEO's office in a panic, followed by a cell phone being hurled against a wall, shattering on impact.
"Work with the police. Find her!"
Max's voice was icy as his team scurried to trace Annie's last known whereabouts. It was clear that the
Intruder at Dorsey International had come prepared, evading all cameras from the start and even employing a top-tier hacker to disable the surrounding cameras in a split second. This was no ordinary kidnapping.
Max quickly reached out to the professor. The professor was elderly and had been retired for several years, but upon hearing his goddaughter was in trouble, he insisted on catching the first flight over. Brielle stood aside, feeling the chill of the drafty corridor. She heard Max soothing the professor while the old man on the other end seemed agitated.
It took half an hour for Max to promise that he would find Annie. As he ended the call, looking utterly exhausted, Brielle saw him rub his temples, directing his staff to scour every street corner. They didn't return to Premier Palace and waited at Dorsey International for news.
During this tense wait, Michael called, quietly asking if Max had orchestrated all this to sideline Annie.
Max's gaze turned frosty. "Father, she's my mentor's goddaughter. I would never stoop to such lows."
"Once Annie completes her doctoral thesis, she'll be eligible to teach at the university. You know how important she is to them. I entrusted her to you; you're responsible for her safety." "I've been negligent."
He hung up as dawn broke, and his phone rang again-this time with news of Annie's whereabouts.
Max stood, and noticing Brielle beside him, he tenderly tousled her hair. "You go handle your stuff,
sweetheart."
Brielle couldn't help but worry. Max had just finished an overseas acquisition, been tangled in the Clements family affairs, and now had this situation with Annie. How much could he take? He had been running a fever just days before. Was Michael intentionally pushing Max to the edge?
Since they'd agreed to that six-month arrangement, their time together had dwindled. They were constantly interrupted by various obligations, leaving them both exhausted and without a peaceful meal together.
Was it all worth it?
Max kissed her lips, lightening the mood until a hint of color returned to her cheeks, and then chuckled softly. "Come home early tonight. I'll make us dinner."
###Chapter 660
Chapter 660
Even the so-called grabbing a bite was something she squeezed into her hectic schedule.
Brielle nodded, the lack of sleep evident in the faint shadows under her eyes.
Max watched her swallow, his Adam's apple bobbing as he pinned her against the wall outside the elevator. He kissed her for several long minutes before striding away.
With a sense of loss, Brielle's lashes drooped. As she lifted her hand to wipe her lips, she looked up to find several colleagues from the executive floor staring in shock not far away.
Oh, crap.
Not only were her colleagues from the top floor there but so were several executives from Dorsey International. Everyone seemed rooted to the spot, unable to move.
They must have exited the elevator in the wrong place-how else could they have caught Max and Brielle kissing?
The usually stoic Max had one arm around her waist, the other cupping the back of her head, looking like he hadn't had enough of the kiss. His usual aura of unapproachability seemed to have dissipated somewhat. He even bent slightly to whisper something to Brielle.
Her face turned beet red. She had forgotten the time. It was Dorsey International's office hours, and though it was still early, her top-floor colleagues were always diligent and the earliest to arrive.
FCI = F F 3
The scene had clearly stunned everyone; they were frozen in place, unable to snap out of it even after several minutes had passed.
The man hugging and kissing a woman couldn't possibly be their CEO. And the woman, smiling as she wiped her lips, calmly greeting them-that couldn't possibly be the same Brielle who had been a director at Dorsey International.
Were their eyes playing tricks on them, or had the world gone mad? Wasn't Brielle Mr. Dorsey's nephew's ex-fiancée?
Brielle calmly stepped into the private elevator, and only once the doors closed did she slump against the elevator wall, boneless.
Well, it was over.
Sure enough, no sooner had she left Dorsey International than the company's staff chat exploded with a photo of Brielle and Max kissing. Although it was just a blurry silhouette, the morning sun's golden light, the clouds outside the floor-to-ceiling windows, and the titanium-white overhead lights all made the photo breathtakingly beautiful.
What drew the eye most was their CEO pulling someone into his embrace, and his whole dignified and fierce demeanor seemed to dissipate.
The photo was only circulated internally at Dorsey International. Nobody was indiscreet enough to leak it to the media.
When Brielle arrived at Stellar Stage Entertainment, she was still burning up. It was her first time being caught red-handed by so many people. Though she managed to greet others, she wished she could just crawl into a hole!
Donny walked in just as she was about to leave. "Ms. Haywood, where are you off to?"
"Discussing a new script."
1/2
Donny was surprised. Were there still screenwriters willing to sell their scripts to them? Stellar Stage Entertainment was slowly improving its reputation, but everyone was still taking a wait-and-see approach.
The place Brielle was heading to was off the beaten path, an area she remembered was nearly set for demolition years ago. There were a few famous local eateries there. She had eaten at one during her college days, and the memory was fresh in her mind,
"Kenzo." She called out as she entered, seeing Kenzo sitting at the far end.
The eatery was in a remote location, akin to the alleys in the slums, twisting and turning. If not for her good memory, she probably would have gotten lost.
It was a corridor-style eatery with private rooms on either side. The corridor's end led to other restaurants or hotels, a real hodgepodge.
When Brielle first came here, it was with classmates who said Kenzo had personally recommended it, insisting that they try it. At the time, she thought it was a joke, a way to claim a connection with Kenzo. It was only after seeing the message from Kenzo today that she realized he was serious.
"How's it going at Stellar Stage Entertainment? I saw the trending topics. The staff seem to trust you."
Brielle shed her coat, revealing a loose-fitting, grey cropped sweater. The room was sufficiently heated, and she didn't feel cold at all.
The owner had already served up some dishes, all homely fare.
"Are you really willing to sell that script to me?" she asked, still somewhat incredulous after reading Kenzo's text. After all, his scripts were priceless. Anything with Kenzo's name guaranteed a box office hit and critical acclaim. Even a TV drama adaptation could become the year's champion in ratings.
"It's just a script," Kenzo said, his tone gentle as he poured her some fruit wine.
"Thank you."
Brielle sat cross-legged and smiled at the familiar dishes on the table. "The menu here seems to be the same as always. I came here once with classmates and thought it would be demolished by now. I never expected this place to still be here.
###Chapter 661
Chapter 661
She took a sip of the fruit wine, and her eyes sparkled. "Is this the house special, brewed by the owner
himself?"
Kenzo raised an eyebrow, observing her fingertips resting on the glass. The cozy warmth of the room, combined with the pleasure of a favored drink, left her content as a cat curled up in a sunbeam. She was pristine and poised. Persian cats were known for their standoffish nature, after all.
*Sure, join me for dinner and the script is yours."
Brielle blinked, hastily setting down her glass. "I can't just accept that. I'll pay you whatever the highest bid from the other companies was. I know you're not hurting for money, but taking this script for nothing wouldn't sit right with me. I'd feel awkward coming to you for business again."
"There's always a next time for business, but my terms might change by then," Kenzo's gaze drifted to her fingertips lying gently on the edge of the table. She probably wasn't used to being in such close quarters with men. Initially tense, her fingers were tight, but after a bit of wine and their long acquaintance, she had relaxed. Her fingertips lightly touched the table, her face adorned with a smile. "You're not here on behalf of your sister, are you? Like, asking me to break up with Max or something?"
Kenzo chuckled, his eyes twinkling with mischievous amusement. "Do I seem like that kind of guy to you?"
"Not really, but Alivia has always been the apple of your eyes. If she asked, you'd probably say yes." Everyone in the Barnes family did seem to revolve around their little princess.
"Alivia did give me a task, but it wasn't to use the script to get you to dump Max."
"What is it then?" Brielle was puzzled. The wine was so delicious she couldn't help but indulge in a few more glasses.
"To seduce you."
She choked on her drink, coughing so hard her face turned crimson, and tears nearly spilled from her eyes.
Her complexion was glowing, her hair neatly tucked behind her ears with a few stray strands framing her face. Now her ear tips were reddened from the coughing, her eyes shimmered like a lake at sunrise, and even her fingertips had taken on a pink hue.
Brielle figured Alivia must have lost her mind. Why couldn't she just be happy with whatever Michael arranged? Why send her own brother to seduce someone?
Hearing those words from Kenzo sent a shock through Brielle as intense as when her colleagues caught her kissing Max that morning. To make matters more awkward, her sweater was now damp with spilled wine, its scent enveloping her.
"Excuse me, I need to use the restroom."
She placed her glass on the table and opened the door of the private booth, heading down the hall to the restroom she remembered well.
Just as she was about to enter, she caught sight of a man resembling Max passing by on the other side. Her steps faltered. Max was supposed to be finding Annie, so what was he doing here?
Almost on autopilot, Brielle followed, watching as Max entered another booth. Whether it was the wine's aftereffect or her vision blurring, she couldn't be sure. Peering through the slim gap between the booth's door and its small window, she saw Max sitting on the center-most couch, Annie nestled against his shoulder, their voices murmuring within.
Chapter oo
The reason she was sure it was Annie was because of the photos her colleagues had shown her earlier. The woman's outfit was identical to the one in the photos.
Brielle's breath hitched, and she instinctively wanted to flee, but she heard a man's sneering laugh from inside. "Mr. Dorsey, you sure know how to live it up, coming to a place like this for a dame. You rejected all those women I sent you way back when and even mocked me for it. And now, look who's fallen for the charms of love."
Max's hand rested on Annie's head, his tone nonchalant. "Murray, times change."
Murray's eyes lingered on Annie, who indeed possessed a certain allure. It seemed Max hadn't lost out this time. "I hear Miss Annie has secured a teaching position at Harvard. No wonder you're so protective. But then, I've also heard that Miss Annie isn't your real preference, Mr. Dorsey. Or is that girl just a stand-in for someone else?"
Annie, leaning into Max's embrace, responded coldly to that insinuation. Standing outside, Brielle could almost imagine it was her voice that she heard. "I've known Max for over a decade: That woman looks a bit like me, but that's the only reason he fell for her so easily. I don't mind his fleeting affair."
Murray suddenly let out a laugh, raising his wine glass in a toast. "Well then, if you're done with the lady, do you mind if I make my move?"
"Be my guest."
Max's gaze remained fixated on Annie as if Brielle were nothing more than a plaything he had tired of.
Brielle stepped back, bumping into a wall of a person. Turning around, she realized it was Kenzo. Just as Kenzo opened his mouth to speak, she covered it quickly with her hand and whisked him away from the
scene.
Chapter 661
The reason she was sure it was Annie was because of the photos her colleagues had shown her earlier. The woman's outfit was identical to the one in the photos.
Brielle's breath hitched, and she instinctively wanted to flee, but she heard a man's sneering laugh from inside. "Mr. Dorsey, you sure know how to live it up, coming to a place like this for a dame. You rejected all those women I sent you way back when and even mocked me for it. And now, look who's fallen for the charms of love."
Max's hand rested on Annie's head, his tone nonchalant. "Murray, times change."
Murray's eyes lingered on Annie, who indeed possessed a certain allure. It seemed Max hadn't lost out this time. "I hear Miss Annie has secured a teaching position at Harvard. No wonder you're so protective. But then, I've also heard that Miss Annie isn't your real preference, Mr. Dorsey. Or is that girl just a stand-in for someone else?"
Annie, leaning into Max's embrace, responded coldly to that insinuation. Standing outside, Brielle could almost imagine it was her voice that she heard. "I've known Max for over a decade. That woman looks a bit like me, but that's the only reason he fell for her so easily. I don't mind his fleeting affair."
Murray suddenly let out a laugh, raising his wine glass in a toast. "Well then, if you're done with the lady, do you mind if I make my move?"
"Be my guest."
Max's gaze remained fixated on Annie as if Brielle were nothing more than a plaything he had tired of.
Brielle stepped back, bumping into a wall of a person. Turning around, she realized it was Kenzo. Just as Kenzo opened his mouth to speak, she covered it quickly with her hand and whisked him away from the
scene.
###Chapter 662
Chapter 662
Kenzo awatted her hand away and dabbed at his lips with the tips of his fingers. It was then that Brielle realized she had overstepped, and she quickly apologized. "Sorry, Kenzo Kenzo's face remained serene as he brought a hand to his temple. "I noticed you hadn't shown up. so i came to check on you. You look a bit pale. Have you been drinking too much?"
"I just had a few glasses of fruit wine. I'm not that far gone."
They returned to the private room, and the scent of alcohol still clung to Brielle. She had forgotten why she had visited the restroom, and her mind felt hazy,
Kenzo glanced at her sweater, still damp with the spilled wine. "Aren't you going to dry it off?"
Brielle looked up, her thoughts slow to catch up. When she realized what he meant, she quickly waved him off with a smile. "It's alright."
She took a seat and chatted with Kenzo about the script for a while, took a few more drinks, and then began to stare blankly at the spread on the table, not touching a bite.
Kenzo picked up some food with the serving utensils and offered it to her. "Not hungry?"
It was only then that Brielle felt a hint of clarity return. She wasn't sure if it was the effect of the wine or the heat in the room, but her palms were sweaty, and she felt an indefinable ache-everything felt off. Kenzo thought she might be drunk, but when they discussed the script, she was articulate and sharp, not showing any signs of inebriation. She finished the entire bottle of fruit wine by herself.
Kenzo watched her, then, with downcast eyes, said softly, "You should eat something first."
Brielle managed a foggy smile. "Yeah, thanks, Kenzo."
She was as delicate as a kitten when she ate, taking small, careful bites and chewing slowly so as not to spill anything on her clothes.
After a small bowl, she couldn't eat anymore, although she did seem to favor the fruit
wine.
"If you like it, I'll ask the owner to pack a few bottles for you to take home."
"Thank you, Kenzo. That would be great."
"Brielle, you're drunk."
Maybe so.
Kenzo chuckled, setting down his wine glass and watching her as she rested her head on the table, revealing a small profile. Her cheeks and ears were flushed, her eyelashes long-she appeared so soft and vulnerable.
She's not at all like the director of Dorsey International, the president of Stellar Stage Entertainment. Her usual icy demeanor was gone.
Kenzo walked over to her and bent down to take a closer look, speaking softly. "Brielle?"
She didn't stir.
Kenzo called the owner to settle the tab and asked for a bottle of fruit wine before helping
Brielle out.
As they left the private room, Kenzo spotted Annie sauntering down the hallway. A frown creased his brow.
Annie stuck out her tongue playfully, hands clasped behind her back, exuding an air of girlish naivety. The man known as Murray followed her, feeling embarrassed by her behavior.
"Miss Annie, Max is your friend, after all. You got an imposer and stirred up trouble between him and Brielle. If he finds out, I'm afraid..."
"Oh, stop worrying. It's just a bit of fun. Everyone says I look like Brielle, and it bothers
me."
She pouted, her demeanor entirely different from her usual cool composure, clearly an
act.
"And I have to imitate her every day, which is so exhausting. I can't smile, carry sweets, or even see Ricardo-I haven't seen him in years."
Murray, previously threatened by Ricardo, scoffed at her words. "Ricardo doesn't listen to our boss. If you visit him, he's likely to give you a piece of his mind."
A spark of mischief flashed in Annie's eyes. "Ricardo's more fun; I like him best!"
Annie clapped her hands, the thrill of adventure sparkling within her. She wasn't worried about Brielle overhearing her. Brielle was too drunk to make sense of anything.
And what if Brielle knew? Annie might just intentionally reveal her intentions, playing with her prey before going in for the kill.
Alivia's fifty million wasn't easy to earn, but this game was more entertaining than murder. She planned to visit the company tomorrow and see Max's reaction.
As for Kenzo, he was not one for idle chatter. Alivia had always said her brother was the best at keeping secrets in the world.
2/3
11:13
Chapter 662
Murray looked apologetically at Kenzo and bowed respectfully. "I'm sorry, the young lady is spoiled. I'll take her away now."
As Annie walked away, she warned Murray incessantly, "I said I wanted to stay here longer. My godfather has agreed, so stop following me. He said I could go back after finishing my doctoral thesis." "But the boss said...'
Annie stopped, and her gaze darkened. "Do you know why I like Ricardo? Because he's obedient and doesn't try to be clever. You don't like Brielle's face, and you rashly ordered Ricardo to kill her, pretending it was Godfather's command. You're getting too bold."
Murray immediately knelt down, head bowed. "It's because you said you didn't like someone looking too much like you."
"Why not just change her face? It doesn't necessarily have to cost her life. Her face is a bit annoying."
###Chapter 663
Chapter 663
The back and forth between the two people completely disregarded Brielle as a human being. It was as if she was just some stray cat or dog, easily dismissed.
Annie took the candy from Murray's hand, and her expression finally softened a bit. "Aw, come en, I'm not mad at you. Don't let my poker face scare you off. Let's get a move on. The defense we set up is nothing compared to what Max can do. If he catches us slacking off because we're goofing around, we're toast."
Murray nodded, respectfully falling in step behind her,
The long corridor grew quiet in an instant, the lively warmth from the party room spilling out from the ajar door. Brielle felt suffocated and slowly pushed Kenzo away, leaning against the wall to catch her breath. She had no idea what she looked like. Her neck was craned slightly, her face flushed with a rosy tint.
The image of Max pinning her against the wall outside that room, his lips on hers, flickered through Kenzo's mind like a movie stuck on replay.
He frowned, looking away, "Can you walk?"
Brielle heard someone asking her a question, and there was a slight shimmer in her eyes.
"Yes."
"Alright, you're on your own then."
66
He didn't touch her again. Holding his drink, he just stood by her side.
"Sorry for the trouble."
Even drunk, Brielle wasn't one to cause a scene. She steadied herself against the wall and began to walk out.
Kenzo took her phone and dialed Max, but before the call could connect, a figure appeared at the end of the hallway, sweeping Brielle into a tight embrace.
Max, taking in the scent of alcohol on her, felt a twitch in his brow.
Kenzo stepped out from the shadows, handing over a fruit wine bottle and a script. "I was just about to call you, and here you are."
Max took them, his frown deepening at the sight of the bottle, so Kenzo explained quickly, "She asked for it and claimed it was tasty."
Max massaged his forehead, resisting the urge to pinch Brielle's cheek.
Brielle winced at the pinch, instinctively trying to pull away.
"Brielle?" Max called out, lifting her in his arms and heading straight out.
Chapter 663
The back and forth between the two people completely disregarded Brielle as a human being. It was as if she was just some stray cat or dog, easily dismissed.
Annie took the candy from Murray's hand, and her expression finally softened a bit. " come on, I'm not mad at you. Don't let my poker face scare you off. Let's get a move on. The defense we set up is nothing compared to what Max can do. If he catches us slacking off because we're goofing around, we're toast."
Murray nodded, respectfully falling in step behind her.
The long corridor grew quiet in an instant, the lively warmth from the party room spilling out from the ajar door. Brielle felt suffocated and slowly pushed Kenzo away, leaning against the wall to catch her breath. She had no idea what she looked like. Her neck was craned slightly, her face flushed with a rosy tint.
The image of Max pinning her against the wall outside that room, his lips on hers, flickered through Kenzo's mind like a movie stuck on replay.
He frowned, looking away. "Can you walk?"
Brielle heard someone asking her a question, and there was a slight shimmer in her eyes.
"Yes."
"Alright, you're on your own then."
He didn't touch her again. Holding his drink, he just stood by her side.
"Sorry for the trouble."
Even drunk, Brielle wasn't one to cause a scene. She steadied herself against the wall and began to walk out.
Kenzo took her phone and dialed Max, but before the call could connect, a figure appeared at the end of the hallway, sweeping Brielle into a tight embrace. Max, taking in the scent of alcohol on her, felt a twitch in his brow.
Kenzo stepped out from the shadows, handing over a fruit wine bottle and a script. "I was just about to call you, and here you are."
Max took them, his frown deepening at the sight of the bottle, so Kenzo explained quickly, "She asked for it and claimed it was tasty."
Max massaged his forehead, resisting the urge to pinch Brielle's cheek.
Brielle winced at the pinch, instinctively trying to pull away.
"Brielle?" Max called out, lifting her in his arms and heading straight out.
11.13
Kenzo lingered for a moment before following them out. He saw Max leaning Brielle against the car.
"What's got into you, drinking like this, Brielle?"
Her arms looped around his neck, a smile playing on her lips as her slender legs began to encircle his waist. Max's breathing became ragged, his lips pressing against the nape of her neck, grateful for the docility that came with her inebriation.
Brielle, breathless from his kisses, rested her chin on his shoulder, her vision blurring just enough to see a vague figure in the distance. But she was too tired, her mind a blank slate.
Max bundled her into the car, his voice husky with restraint. "Stay still. We're going home
to rest."
Brielle settled onto his lap, and amidst the car's jostling, she drifted to sleep.
Back in the small diner, a man behind a mask picked up a glass left on the table. Brielle's lipstick wasn't one for bold colors. She never wore bright red and always stuck to nude shades with just a hint of soft pink. So, the glass bore a faint mark.
The masked man pressed his lips against that imprint, his eyes churning with emotion. He wanted to ruin her, to see her sink in the mire of chaos and fall. He wanted to taint her so thoroughly that even the marrow in her bones turned black. Those legs wrapped around someone else were an eyesore indeed.
In the dimly lit car, Brielle turned over, feeling restless. The word "understudy" floated through her mind, followed by a sense of being ignited by rage.
She bit her lip, overwhelmed by a deep sense of frustration.
###Chapter 664
Chapter 664
Max patted her cheek gently, grabbing a moist towelette from the car to clean the tips of her fingers.
It was cold. Brielle's fingers recoiled.
When the car finally pulled up to the nearest hotel, Max ordered Patrick to ensure Annie was taken to the hospital while he carried Brielle into a room. This was the second time she'd gotten plastered. If he didn't intervene, any Tom, Dick, or Harry could've ended up sharing a drink with her.
As soon as they entered the room, Brielle felt herself pressed down onto the bed. She couldn't breathe and struggled to push the weight off.
This time, Max was serious. Her chin was grasped firmly, and there was no escaping the deep kiss.
It wasn't until dawn that Max finally released her. Brielle, exhausted, had long since passed out, her body bruised and battered.
The comforter was pulled up to her chest, the room's heater was cranked up high, and beads of sweat moistened the strands of hair on her forehead. Brielle was too tired to
open her eyes, but she vaguely felt her hands tied and a blindfold over her eyes.
"No more," she murmured, pushing away and opening her eyes. The blindfold obscured her vision, making everything unclear.
Halfway through the night's drinking, her consciousness had blurred. Kenzo hadn't warned her the liquor would hit so hard,
What else did she remember? Right, she remembered seeing Max with his new secretary.
"Mmm."
She felt someone behind her, and a cold sweat broke out over her body as she struggled to remove the blindfold. This wasn't the Premier Palace; everything felt unfamiliar. Max watched her struggle, then flipped her over and pinned her chin for another kiss.
Brielle's struggles intensified. The moment Max untied the necktie from her wrists, she yanked off the blindfold. Seeing the person in front of her clearly, her face flushed with
anger.
Bastard!
Max didn't give her a chance to retaliate. He was already dressed, his composure restored, knotting the tie he'd used on her hands around his neck.
He was such a jerk!
Hello wanted to curae put loud but found her throat was hoarse,
she'd pleaded the night before. There was a deep bite mark on Max's collarbone that she
She'd begged him, and he hadn't yielded. In her haze, she'd bitten him hard
Did it ever necur to you that if i hadn't come for you, you'd be carried off to a hotel room by someone else after getting drunk?" Max glanced at her as he adjusted his tie, then moved to leave the room. "Wait." Brielle got out of bed, but her legs gave out, and she dropped to her knees. She qursed him again in her heart.
Max intended for her to learn a lesson, not to be truly angry with her. He hesitated when he saw her kneel and her knees redden. After all, he'd teased her all night and had just deliberately frightened her. Leaving now would be no better than acting like an jerk.
He closed the door, returned to the bedside, and tried to lift her. Brielle was furious and tried to push him away, but her control slipped, and her hand accidentally slapped Max's cheek.
The sound was sharp in the tense air, and silence followed.
It wa
intentional.
The slap stung her heart more than his face. It felt like a vice grip on her chest, leaving her breathless.
Es
She quickly dressed, grabbed her purse, and fled the hotel like a fugitive. Once in the taxi, she stared at her hand for a moment.
She rubbed her forehead, regretting the slap. Her mind was too cluttered for explanations to sound anything but weak.
Suddenly, her phone rang. It was Kenzo checking if her head hurt.
Instead of returning to the Premier Palace, Brielle went home. She had to nurse her hangover. Her stomach churned until she sipped some hot water.
"No headache, just tired."
"Tired?"
She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror, her face flushed, with marks creeping down her neck. She looked away/quickly.
After exchanging pleasantries, she hung up and splashed her face with cold water.
She and Kenzo had known each other a while, and she had let her guard down. One glass of that fruit wine was enough to muddle her, yet she'd had a whole bottle. By the end of their meeting, her memory was fragmented.
2/3
11:14
No wonder Max was angry. It was the second time she'd gotten drunk in a short period And she'd slapped him. Even though it was light, it still counted.
The TV continued to blare news about Andrew's impending marriage to Tessa The media had sensationalized the childhood sweethearts' story, with four days left until the
wedding.
Brielle felt agitated and was about to change the channel when another story caught her eye. Infinity Brilliance's research institute was recruiting from top schools, and they'd just unveiled their new dean. Alivia's face sparked a media frenzy as she was hailed a national treasure. Beautiful,
educated, well-connected, and competent, she was the kind of woman who turned heads everywhere.
Confident and poised, Alivia addressed the media with warmth and assurance.
###Chapter 665
Chapter 665
Brielle's aches melted away in an instant as she watched Alivia dominate the entire TV screen with her poised presence.
This was the official broadcaster, and getting an interview slot here took some real clout.
Inevitably, the gossip mills churned once more, speculating about Alivia's relationship with Max. Brielle couldn't care less. With a flick of her wrist, she turned the television off.
She was in a bit of a fugitive state of mind, avoiding thoughts of Max, and instead headed to Stellar Stage Entertainment. Upon arrival, someone was already waiting in the lobby-John's ex-wife, Amelia.
Amelia had bided her time before showing up at Stellar Stage Entertainment, which showed she had some patience.
Brielle was clutching the script Kenzo had passed to her, and Amelia's eyes narrowed at the sight of that familiar cover. "Kenzo's working with Stellar Stage Entertainment now?" Disbelief tinged her voice as she sized up Brielle.
Having been through the wringer with Max the night before, Brielle still had a glow in her eyes that could be misconstrued.
Amelia bit back her frustration, "Were you with Mr. Kenzo last night?" She had parted ways with Kenzo just the previous evening, and at that time, he hadn't found a partner yet. Yet here was his script, in Brielle's hands overnight.
Wasn't Kenzo supposed to be indifferent to women?
Too many companies had tried to seduce him with beauty before. After all, a script by Kenzo was synonymous with untold riches and rave reviews. But every woman sent his way had been turned away. Eventually, some tried a different tactic, sending attractive men instead, but to no avail.
With Brielle looking the way she did, it was hard not to jump to conclusions.
Amelia had never taken Brielle seriously, who was just the CEO of some nearly bankrupt outfit.
Stellar Stage Entertainment's cash flow was probably less than her personal bank account. What kind of benefits could this CEO reap?
She sneered, "I'm Amelia, a director. Pleasure to meet you, Ms. Haywood. I've heard much about you." Her lips said 'pleasure, but her refusal to offer a handshake spoke volumes of contempt. Brielle hadn't expected to be cornered as soon as she stepped into the lobby. She couldn't
17/3
be bothered to engage. "If you have a proposition to discuss, Ms. Amelia, you can coordinate with the receptionist. I'll schedule a time."
Amelia's eyes narrowed sharply, almost disbelieving what she heard. How was the CEO of some crumbling company busier than her? Amelia had turned down several invitations to come to Stellar Stage Entertainment!
"Ms. Haywood, I believe Stellar Stage Entertainment's stocks are nearly depleted. This company might not even exist tomorrow, so there's no need for such airs."
Still fuming from the morning's events, Brielle looked up, her patience worn thin. "Ms. Amelia, you needn't worry about Stellar Stage Entertainment. Even if you're done, Stellar Stage Entertainment won't be. I'm busy. Good day."
"You!"
Amelia was so angry she took a few steps to follow but was stopped by security.
Watching Brielle's retreating figure, Amelia nearly laughed in rage. Did Brielle even know who she was? She was the most sought-after female director!
Fuming, Amelia took out her phone and fired off a post on her social media. [Stellar Stage Entertainment's CEO is indeed young and attractive, quite the strategist. She's got my ex-husband tamed perfectly.] The post insulted two people. It insinuated that Brielle and John had an inappropriate relationship and suggested that Brielle's success was solely due to her looks.
The sight of Brielle's face made Amelia's jealousy boiling over. Despite her efforts at self-care, age was an undeniable factor. No amount of cosmetic surgery could hide the traces of time in her eyes. Envious that Kenzo had rejected her and instead seemed involved with Brielle, she was livid.
The women of Beaconsfield desired two men above all. One was Max, the reclusive CEO of Dorsey International, who was rarely seen in public. His photos in financial papers were reused for years, and he seldom gave interviews.
The other was Kenzo, with a background similar to Max's. One was ice, the other water. Max was unapproachable, but Kenzo had to make public appearances as a celebrated scriptwriter, giving others a chance to interact with him.
Before meeting Kenzo, Amelia hadn't ruled out the possibility of something happening between them. She had her fair share of liaisons with male artists, some of whom were attracted to a mature woman like her.
But Kenzo had high standards and hadn't given her a second glance. He must have thought she was too old, preferring someone like Brielle.
Unable to bear being outdone in youth, Amelia was itching to lash out at Brielle in more
2/3
09:29
posts, but as a public figure, she had to restrain herself.
Brielle had just settled into her office when Aubree's call came through. Aubree must have just finished shooting and had seen the trending topic. She was livid. "What's with that old hag targeting you? Did you see what she posted? Utterly despicable!"
Brielle hadn't heard Aubree vent like this in a long time. It warmed her heart, and she sighed.
###Chapter 666
Chapter 666
Aubree sensed something off-kilter with her emotions. "Bri, it's been ages since we hit up a bar. How about we swing by Tequila Sunset tonight?"
She couldn't keep feeling nauseous at the mere sight of men. She needed to snap out of it, pronto. And where better to find a crowd of men than at Tequila Sunset?
Brielle was taken aback. She remembered Ricardo's words - Aubree couldn't stand being around men right now, except for Ricardo, that is.
Brielle, still nursing a hangover from last night, knew she couldn't indulge in drinks again so soon. But accompanying Aubree for a night out, just to sit and chat, that she could do. "Bri, Mr. Lynch will be there too."
Dustin was in town?
Remembering the research institute being mentioned in the news, Brielle wasn't surprised. Dustin was always on the move, flitting from one place to another.
After hanging up, Brielle thought to notify Max. As someone still reeling from last night's binge, the last thing she needed was Max getting wind of her bar plans-he'd be livid.
However, the scene she witnessed the previous night weighed on her, and the words exchanged still felt murky in her mind. Was Max the kind of guy to pull a bait-and-switch with a stand-in? Would he have given her that rosary if he was truly smitten with Annie?
There had to be pieces of the puzzle she was missing.
Brielle hurried through her work at Stellar Stage Entertainment and headed home, intent on digging out the rosary. She wasn't sure what to say by way of apology. Their last misunderstanding had her seeking him out, rosary in tow. Maybe wearing it now would help cool his temper. Perhaps she should wear it constantly from here on out.
But after turning her room inside out, the rosary was nowhere to be found. She was certain she'd left it at home. How could it just vanish?
Her face clouded over as she dialed the property management's number to request a review of the surveillance footage. Without knowing the exact date it went missing, the property management was less than helpful. "Ms. Brielle, maybe you should just report it to the police or, better yet, install a camera in your place from now on."
Without a timeframe, the task was too daunting, and it was not within the scope of their
services.
Deflated, Brielle mulled over the significance of the missing rosary. What would she say if Max suddenly asked her to wear it one day?
She considered the miscommunication from last night and this morning's slap. Now the rosary was also missing-how would she mend these rifts?
She rubbed her temples and glanced at the clock. Time was ticking, so she rushed off to Tequila Sunset.
As she was about to get out of the car, she spotted a familiar vehicle in the distance-Max's. Max, accompanied by Patrick and Annie, was shaking hands with a man in his forties. They acknowledged each other with a nod and proceeded inside.
Brielle sat dazed in the car for a few minutes before her window was rapped on. "Bri,
what's got you spaced out?"
It was Dustin's voice. He was fresh from some formal event and opened the car door. "Did you hear me?"
Brielle caught the metallic scent of blood. Was Dustin injured? But in his formal attire, it seemed he had just come from a social function.
"Mr. Lynch, are you hurt?"
Dustin grunted, and a sheen of sweat glistened on his forehead. "It's nothing. Just a scratch."
The look on his face told Brielle it was anything but minor. And yet, here he was at the bar. "I'll take you to the hospital."
"Aubree is waiting inside. I saw some pretty boy with her-is she switching things up?"
Brielle didn't want to delve into Aubree's troubles, but Dustin added, "That pretty boy looks familiar. Can't place where I've seen him before."
"Ricardo's done a lot of odd jobs before and has a memorable face. You've probably crossed paths."
Dustin leaned back, trying to steady his breathing. "Let's
go
inside."
"Are you sure you're okay?"
Dustin was stubborn, so Brielle didn't press further.
Inside Aubree's private booth, several young, attractive lads were lounging about. Brielle's steps faltered as she saw Aubree reach out to touch one of the boys' shoulders.
A vein on Brielle's forehead throbbed. "Aubree? What are you doing?"
Ricardo looked up, deadpan. "Desensitization test."
Clear enough, Aubree wasn't quite there yet. Only Ricardo's presence was tolerable.
Dustin settled on the opposite couch, eyeing the pretty boys with a squint, his gaze finally
resting on Ricardo. Was it really just a case of déjà vu from a public sighting?
Feeling Dustin's scrutiny, Ricardo just sat there innocently, like a newcomer to the scene.
Aubree's expression soured as she withdrew her hand, thewhelming urge to hurl receding. She gestured for the male companions to leave. But one, not ready to give up, brushed her hand, evidently hopeful to stick around.
###Chapter 667
Chapter 667
Aubree's face turned ashen in an instant. She hurriedly pushed open the doors of the private booth and made her way to the restroom in the hallway, where she leaned over the sink and began to vomit until her eyes reddened.
The guy hadn't expected such a reaction and felt a flush of embarrassment that only subsided when Brielle produced a credit card as compensation, prompting the
disgruntled group to leave willingly.
The booth was thick with the scent of alcohol and perfume, yet Ricardo's senses honed in on the faintest trace of blood amidst it all. He glanced toward Dustin, whose silhouette was obscured by the shadows, revealing only a hand clutching an unlit cigarette-a concession to the enclosed space and the presence of a lady.
Brielle made to stand and check on Aubree, but Ricardo held her back. "Ms. Haywood, let
her be for a moment."
Aubree had braced herself for tonight's ordeal yet still found herself overwhelmed. She's probably feeling upset right now. Reluctantly, Brielle sat back down.
Dustin had come tonight to inquire about the Sunflower Children's Home, having heard that Brielle had grown up there. Their investigation had led them only as far as that orphanage before hitting a dead end. The trail was deliberately erased.
The Lynch family had spent years mingling in North American high society, rubbing shoulders with the offspring of the wealthy and influential and securing their top-tier status. Yet, their domestic influence paled in comparison to the old-money dynasties.
Dustin had already partnered with the Clements family, but even they could only dig up leads pertaining to the orphanage.
Tonight Dustin had learned that Brielle had undergone a DNA test, which had ruled out the possibility of her being the missing sister in Dustin's family.
The orphanage's records were incomplete. They were historically managed by the enigmatic director Mark, and a fire had destroyed much of the documentation. The new director of the Sunflower Children's Home was clueless about past procedures, and Mark had vanished without a trace.mThe mystery deepened.
Dustin's questions weren't limited to the orphanage. He was also interested in Mark. Investigations into Mark painted him as an unremarkable retiree, divorced, and out of the spotlight.
Dustin hadn't initially suspected anything amiss about Mark until the Clements family's inquiry into his ex-wife hit a dead end. A divorce was one thing, but her complete disappearance was another. Either she had gone off-grid to a place where no digital
1/2
09:30
footprint was required, or someone had meticulously altered both Mark and his ex-wife's
identities.
The one person who had frequent interactions with Mark was none other than Brielle. Dustin couldn't fathom the coincidence, even warming to the thought of it.
Noting Brielle's distraction, Dustin chose not to broach the subject but instead presented her with gift boxes. "Bri, this is for you."
Brielle, pulled from her reverie by his words, focused on the gift boxes before her.
Not one, but two.
Dustin was a gentleman. He would never leave a lady giftless, especially when meeting two. If Aubree were present, she wouldn't feel slighted.
"Go on, open it."
Dustin had given many gifts before, but presenting something to Brielle felt different, special somehow.
Brielle unwrapped the gift to reveal a diamond that nearly blinded her with its brilliance. "Mr. Lynch?" The diamond was easily worth millions, its purity unmatched, and its cut was the work of a master. Infinity Brilliance, the global diamond authority, would never offer anything but the exquisite.
"It's too valuable, I can't accept this."
"Keep it. Aubree has one, too."
Dustin's tone was nonchalant, the unlit cigarette still between his fingers. Brielle felt less inclined to refuse and resolved to return the favor with a gift of her own at some point. "Alright, thank you, Mr. Lynch." Dustin chuckled, his eyes twinkling. "We've got bigger ones at home. If you ever travel abroad with me, you can toss these away."
Brielle's lips twitched in a half-smile. The world of the wealthy was beyond her imagination. “I heard Infinity Brilliance owns a private jet decked out in diamonds?" She had read about it in the news, finding it outrageous, but with the way Dustin casually spoke about diamonds, it seemed plausible.
"Yeah, grandma always said girls love sparkly things. She wanted to use that jet to pick up my sister when she finally came home. But, it's never been used."
His sister was still missing.
###Chapter 668
Chapter 668
Brielle found herself envying a stranger for the first time in her life.
Had the little princess not been lost, she would have grown up adored by many. She would have had a doting grandmother, loving parents, and a brother who always kept her in his thoughts. But alas, fate can be cruel.
Aubree was still in the restroom, leaning against the corridor wall, fresh from throwing up in front of the mirror. She had rinsed her mouth but still felt terrible. It was like a fire was burning in her stomach, and countless ants were crawling over her body.
She was about to leave when she overheard a familiar female voice. "Andrew, maybe we should head back. Your wound hasn't healed, and I'm really worried about you."
It was Tessa's voice.
Andrew had already removed the bandage on his head, requiring only five stitches. He insisted on not wearing a bandage, so the doctor took it off. His hand was more seriously injured, and the doctor had even removed a piece of glass from it.
Andrew had insisted on coming here for drinks, and Tessa, fearing for his safety, had followed him every step of the way, her voice tinged with tears. "Andrew, how about we go try on wedding dresses tomorrow?"
Andrew was leaning against the wall, smoking. At the mention of wedding dresses, he paused, his fingertips still. He stood nearly six-foot-three, and even the male models passing by couldn't match his charm.
Annoyed by Tessa's suggestion, he pushed open the door to a private booth and went in.
Tessa sniffled, worried that her makeup would run after crying. She decided to step into the nearby restroom, but the sight of the person inside made her pupils shrink. Aubree!
Aubree raised an eyebrow and let out a cold laugh. It was as if that smile provoked Tessa, whose anger flaring up instantly. "What are you laughing at? Didn't you hear? Andrew and I are going to pick out a wedding dress. Our wedding is just days away, and you're certainly welcome to attend."
Tessa thought about the video, her eyes gleaming with triumph. "Oh, by the way, I forgot to ask
you, how does it feel to be gang-banged? You saw the video, right? You were crying so pitifully. I didn't realize you were so slutty. Here you are at the bar again, looking for men. It seems last time's company wasn't enough for you. Do you need me to arrange some more for you?"
As soon as Tessa finished her taunt, Aubree pushed her, using her foot, not her hand.
1/2
Tessa fell onto the corridor floor, her face turning pale. Aubree stepped on her hand,
grinding it fiercely. When Tessa cried out in pain, the sensation of ants crawling vanished from Aubree's skin.
Ah!!
"Aubree! I'm going to kill you!" Tessa yelled in fury, but Aubree had already started throwing punches and kicks.
Andrew came out, seeing a crowd had gathered. Tessa was on the ground, receiving kick after kick from Aubree, with footprints marking her cheeks and chest.
"Aubree!" Andrew shouted, pulling her away.
Tessa, sobbing pitifully, looked up at him and slowly stood, nestling into his embrace. With Tessa's build, she was not one to win a fight.
Aubree, having vented, felt her stomach wasn't so painful anymore. She didn't glance at Andrew but turned to leave.
Andrew's scalp was tingling with anger. He tried to grab her, but Tessa held him tightly. "Andrew, it hurts so much." Tessa was truly in pain, finding it difficult even to breathe. Andrew's expression chilled. He swept her up and carried her into his private booth. "Jaired, keep an eye on her for me."
No sooner had he spoken than he turned to chase after Aubree. "Aubree!" He caught her at the corner.
Aubree no longer seemed afraid of him as before, just disgusted. Even the touch of his fingertip was revolting to her.
Andrew pulled her into his arms and into the men's restroom, barking, "Everyone out!" The men inside were startled. They quickly made themselves scarce once they recognized him.
With the door shut, the space became sealed. Andrew trapped Aubree against the door, one foot wedging hers in place and one hand pinning her arms behind her, rendering her immobile.
Aubree was restrained, her face going pale. Andrew's free hand grasped her chin, but the action caused his wounded hand to throb with pain. He didn't care and kissed her fiercely. Aubree shook all over, biting down on his tongue, drawing blood from both their mouths, but Andrew didn't stop, hungrily devouring her lips like a man possessed.
###Chapter 669
Chapter 669
Aubree felt like she was about to hurl, stars bursting in front of her eyes. His lips entangled with hers, leaving her gasping for air. The intense battle slowly morphed into a grinding friction. Andrew's forehead rested against hers, and as the image of that pretty boy from the other day flashed in his mind, a surge of anger swelled in his chest. With one swift motion, he ripped open her blouse, but the bitemark on Aubree's shoulder caught his attention.
He had never left such a mark on her before, and in that instant, it felt as if his pupils were about to explode. "Who did this?! Aubree, who left this mark?!"
He was like a furious lion, and with his height advantage, he scooped her up and seated
her on the bathroom counter.
Aubree kicked out in panic, but his question drained all the strength from her body.
Who left it? How absurd. Wasn't that a question he should be asking Tessa?
Aubree had no energy left to argue, meeting Andrew's bloodshot gaze with a weak smile. That smile seemed to stab right into Andrew's heart, and he desperately wanted to slap her.
This whore had been defiled. She had actually slept with someone else. The thought of her casting that hazy, seductive look beneath another man filled Andrew with a burning rage, and he grabbed her hair. "Are you that cheap? Are you that desperate for a man?!"
The last vestiges of color drained from Aubree's face, his words echoing Tessa's accusations. She was on the verge of tears yet stubbornly held on. "Yes."
Andrew's breath trembled, and in a swift motion, he hoisted her over his shoulder and marched into a private booth. Soon, several men entered the booth, offering their 'special services.' For the right price, they would follow a woman back to her place or directly to a hotel upstairs.
"Aubree, I never realized just how desperate you were," Andrew sneered. "If you need a man that badly, I can find one for you. Why did you have to go outside and pick up such sleazeballs? They're not even clean."
Aubree's eyes widened with fear at the sight of the strangers in the booth, wanting to shrink back. But Andrew held her tight. "They look pretty good, don't they? As good as that pretty boy. If you like, I can let them have you right now. How about that?"
Aubree trembled, unable to utter a word.
Andrew's heart was scorched with rage when he saw her tremble. He gestured to one of the servers. "You, come here, kiss her."
The man hesitated, saw Aubree's pitiful, tear-streaked face, and felt a twinge of
1/2
compassion. But in Tequila Sunset, everyone knew Andrew, the notorious heir to the Clements family.
Swallowing nervously, the man cautiously stepped forward, reaching out to touch Aubree's cheek. Aubree reacted as though stung, tears streaming down her face as she desperately tried to recoil.
Andrew just grabbed her ankle, pulling her back, and sneered, "What's the matter? You said you were desperate, didn't you?"
Aubree was beyond words, shaking uncontrollably. The man reluctantly followed Andrew's orders, pinched Aubree's chin, and moved in to kiss her.
Aubree turned her head away, her nails digging deeply into the sofa, struggling to push him away. She bent over, wanting to vomit, but nothing came out. She wished she could vomit her very heart out! She wanted nothing more.
Seeing her reaction, Andrew felt an unbearable prickling sensation. He barked, "Get out."
The man had only put on a show. It was clear that Andrew was only trying to scare Aubree. At Andrew's command, the man quickly let go.
Andrew pulled Aubree into his embrace, his grip on her chin unrelenting as he continued to kiss her.
Aubree could no longer struggle, the pain spreading from her heart indescribable. What did she even love about Andrew?
She loved the way he stood by her, his valor, his looks, and his role as her savior. She loved the thrill he brought into her life, all the poetic moments they shared.
She thought being with Andrew would lead her to the ultimate paradise, but she was pushed into the deepest hell. She thought love could mend her regrets, but ironically, love itself created more.
The man who had always shone brightly in her heart, fierce and wild, suddenly became unrecognizable, scarred beyond belief. This realization made her wish she could just die. Andrew felt her stop struggling, and his expression softened. His heart unexpectedly warmed.
He didn't understand himself. He should have been disgusted with Aubree, tainted with the touch of another man. But as his anger faded, what remained was an aching tenderness. He pulled her closer, his lips finding the mark on her shoulder, kissing it ever so gently.
###Chapter 670
Chapter 670
He'd leave marks on Aubree too, but they were the kind of marks you suck into the skin-they'd fade in a few days, not like these bloody ones that screamed of a wound. He had never torn into her with such fury. What was it about the pretty boy that she liked so much?
Aubree huddled up, her skin broke out in goosebumps, and her tears soaked her clothes. She wanted to slap him, but her hand felt like it was made of lead:
The jerk had built her a fairy tale, only to shatter it mercilessly. Her sincerity was a joke to be trampled on. Her affection became trash, the kind you step on and complain about it being underfoot.
She couldn't even muster the strength to push him away. She was no match for Andrew when it came to brute force. Her teeth chattered as she felt an arm wrap tightly around her waist and press her down onto the couch.
Andrew's head was buried in the crook of her neck, his voice hoarse. "What happened to you?"
Aubree's pupils shrank slightly, her emotions a mix of laughter and tears. It was always like this. A slap followed by some sweet words, and she'd been domesticated to comply.
She felt sick to her heart, yet her body couldn't resist Andrew. She wanted him to treat her like before, to hold her tight and ravish her with mad desire.
Pathetic.
This body was tamed and no longer her own. She was utterly powerless before him.
Why was she the only one stuck in hell? Why were Andrew and Tessa still doing fine, planning a wedding, and stepping over her to pluck the fruits of love? It just wasn't fair.
Andrew's kisses trailed down her neck, his breathing growing ragged, his voice tight with clenched teeth, "Break up with that pretty boy!" Then, come back to him.
0 = 40 A? AE IS
A pang shot through Aubree's heart, and she gave a wan smile. "Are you sick or something?"
Andrew felt a dry, stabbing sensation spreading from his heart to his limbs. "Aubree, I'm not disgusted by you. You should be grateful."
He let go of her and patted her face gently. "Does he know you've been in my bed for
years?"
Aubree slowly got up from the couch, feeling a flicker of energy return. "I've been with you for so long, and that makes me the one who's tainted, right?"
11.40
You say that one more time?!" Andrew's eyes fared with anger again. You think I'm dirty?
Aubree was his first, and he had indeed relished the experience of unlocking doors to new worlds. But marrying Tessa was non-negotiable. They both knew that from the start. He couldn't fathom Aubree's sudden change of heart.
Tve only ever been with you. How many have you been with? What right do you have to
call me dirty
Aubree was buttoning up her shirt, fighting the urge to cry. "Four."
Andrew thought he had misheard, his eyelashes fluttering in disbelief.
Aubree just looked straight at him, a light laugh escaping her. "Four. I am dirty, so don't touch me again."
Andrew stood up abruptly and slapped her across the face. The blow turned Aubree's cheek aside. It didn't hurt. It seemed no matter what he did to her, she couldn't feel the pain anymore, just a dead numbness
"Slut!" That was all Andrew left her with before he stormed out.
Aubree sat in the empty lounge, the silence enveloping her, punctuated only by her breathing and the "drip-drop" of tears hitting the floor.
Outside the lounge, Andrew punched a wall, his breathing erratic with fury. Blood coated his knuckles, reopening old wounds.
Passersby watched fearfully, but no one dared to stop and ask what was wrong.
Andrew rubbed his reddened eyes, feeling their sting one moment and his nose tingle the
next
Everything was off.
Returning to the lounge, he found Jaired still holding onto Tessa, who sat on the couch, crying silently.
Jaired, seeing Andrew return, felt like his head was about to explode. "You're finally back, man. She's been crying so much, she's nearly flooded the place."
###Chapter 671
Chapter 671
Tessa flung herself into Andrew's arms the moment she saw him, her voice tinged with urgency. "Andrew, let's go home. I don't want to stay here anymore."
She had been truly terrified, afraid that Andrew would vanish again, afraid he would take Aubree upstairs to some sleazy hotel room. Thankfully, he came back. Jaired was nursing a glass of whiskey, his eyes scanning the empty space behind Andrew as he asked, "Where's your sister? Didn't Tessa say you were chatting with her?"
A tremor of rage quaked through Andrew's chest, his frustration threatening to break free. He yanked Tessa close and stormed out of the VIP lounge without a word.
Tessa tasted blood in her mouth, a bitter reminder of how quickly Andrew could discard her whenever Aubree was around. He left her alone and spent what felt like an eternity with her rival. What had they talked about?
Her teeth chattered with rage. Ever since the downfall of the Rowland family, she had been too scared to contact anyone else. Andrew was her only sanctuary from being outcast by their social circle.
She was haunted by nightmares where Andrew chose Aubree, who pities her with those sympathetic and patronizing eyes.
Tessa forced back the metallic taste of blood. She wouldn't allow that scenario to play out, not even in death. She would be with Andrew no matter what.
Tonight was the night. Once they got home, she'd make sure to take their relationship to the next level. Then Andrew would never leave her. After all, she was untouched, while Aubree was nothing but a cast- off, someone people slept with and discarded! Andrew would surely choose Tessa.
With that thought, Tessa masked her resentment with weakness, nestling vulnerably into
Andrew's embrace.
Andrew watched their reflection in the elevator's polished metal walls. The shadows of his rage, jealousy, and anger seemed to tear at each other, burning inside him.
Four.
He scoffed. They had been apart less than a month, and she had already been with three other men. The thought disgusted him. He would never touch Aubree again.
He took a deep breath but could feel his hand, the one holding Tessa, trembling with unrestrained fury. Every muscle in his body tensed.
Tessa, wrapped in his arms, felt the storm of emotions raging within him. She bit down hard, holding him even tighter. Just one more night, and she would sleep with Andrew.
11:41
Back in the lounge.
Jaired, feeling lost, turned to Kenzo, who appeared nonchalant on the couch, "Did I say something wrong?"
Cradling a glass of bourbon, Kenzo shook his head slowly, prompting Jaired's curiosity. "Did you see Andrew's head wound? I heard he ripped off the bandages and came straight here. His hands were stained with blood, too. I'm worried he might've run into Max, and they fought again."
Kenzo showed no concern. His jacket was discarded nearby, revealing a camel-colored sweater. He'd been completely indifferent, even as Tessa wept and wailed within these walls, not offering a single word of solace.
He was like a lone rose, untouched by the chaos around him. His tall, lean figure lounged on the sofa, exuding a lazy, gentle vibe.
Next to him, Jaired looked like a thorn, all rough edges and tension.
Jaired propped his head on his hand. "Kenzo, you seem curious about nothing. I'm talking about Andrew being back in the hospital and his injuries looking worse. Aren't you the least bit curious if Max was behind it? Andrew stormed out of the hospital tonight and must've been furious. That must've opened his wound again, right?"
Of the four, Jaired considered himself to be quite composed. But no one could outdo Kenzo's stoicism. Different from Max's coldness, Kenzo was just smoldering.
Kenzo offered a wry smile, his hands idle. "Did you invite Max?"
"No, but I saw his car. He must be somewhere around here tonight."
E OY Y Y Y YE
Kenzo leaned back, his tone mild. "Andrew got hit by Aubree. If Max had laid a hand on him, the whole town would've known by now."
Just like their public brawls, Andrew wasn't the type to let things slide. His silence meant it was Aubree who had struck.
Jaired chuckled, scratching at his buzz cut, about to comment when Max pushed through the door. He wasn't in his usual suit but wore a different colored coat paired with a matching scarf
Jaired let out a "damn" so loud he nearly sprang from the sofa. He rubbed his eyes, making sure he wasn't seeing things. Max, the guy who seemed to be born in a suit, was actually dressed down, and Jaired was visibly shocked.
Kenzo's reaction was muted, his gaze resting on the scarf. Under the dim light, the pattern was hard to discern, but it's clear that the hands that crafted that scarf were skilled, and the pattern woven into it was exquisite.
###Chapter 672
Chapter 672
Kenzo's gaze lingered for a moment before he looked away.
Max was sitting next to Jaired, who couldn't resist the urge to fiddle with the scarf around Max's neck. "Have I ever seen you wear one of these things before?"
Jaired's hand hadn't even reached out before Max swatted it away. Another crisis had just been averted, and Jaired could feel the tension in the air as if another bomb was about to go off.
Max was in a foul mood, and it was as if a chilling aura surrounded him. Jaired felt as though he might be cut by the icicles emanating from Max and instinctively retracted his hand, his fingers curling up slightly.
"What's with you guys tonight, all acting like you're on edge? Just now, Andrew was outside going off at his sister, then came in looking like he was ready to commit murder, and you're not far off from that state either."
Max took off his coat, carefully placing his scarf on top of it with a deliberate gesture. Beneath the coat, he wore a suit, clearly having just finished some business negotiation. He casually unfastened his cufflinks and tossed them onto the couch.
Jaired was tempted to ask about the deal Max had been working on, but sensing his bad mood, he decided against asking and getting an earful.
Jaired's phone rang. He pressed the answer button, and his brain exploded with urgency. It was Tessa again. He grabbed Max. "To the parking lot! Something's happened to Andrew!"
Max's eyelashes fluttered. He had known Andrew for years, and despite their differences, they never completely cut ties. Hearing that Andrew was in trouble, he followed Jaired to the parking lot without hesitation.
From a distance, they could hear Tessa's piercing screams and the sounds of a brawl. As Max and Jaired approached, they saw Andrew in the center of a scene with a dozen thugs on the ground, all groaning in pain.
Andrew's palms were dripping with blood, but he seemed oblivious to the pain.
These men had tried to harass Tessa.
It was Tessa who had called Jaired, worried that Andrew, in his current state, wouldn't be able to handle the thugs, who were skilled and ruthless, regardless of consequences.
The underground parking lot, connected to several entertainment venues, was a notorious hangout for troublemakers.
Jaired's scalp tingled with tension as he rushed forward and gave a final kick to one of the thugs. "Get lost! All of you, get lost! Are you blind or what?!"
11:41
The thugs hadn't expected to meet such resistance and scrambled away.
Both Jaired and Max could tell that Andrew was barely holding on. He had just been discharged from the hospital, his body still healing from injuries, and now he had taken down so many people. He was likely to pass out at any moment.
Sure enough, once the thugs had fled, a sweat broke out on Andrew's forehead, his eyes bloodshot as he tried to light a cigarette, hands shaking, but before he could get it lit, the cigarette was snatched away. He looked up, ready to lash out, only to find Max standing there. His irritation flared. "What are you doing here?"
Max tossed the cigarette into a nearby trash can, his brow furrowed in disapproval. "Looking for more trouble?"
Andrew couldn't help but laugh bitterly, reaching out to grab Max's collar. Max glanced at the blood on Andrew's hand with disdain and kicked him away. Andrew landed with a thud on the hood of a car behind him.
Damn Max and his high horse!
Jaired glanced at Tessa, still teary-eyed, and couldn't suppress a chuckle. "You two are getting married in a few days, and the news is already out. Do you want your bride to walk down the aisle with swollen eyes? Doesn't Tessa have health issues? With your constant brawling, she'll end up back in the hospital worried sick about you."
Andrew's sense of reason returned, and he fell silent.
in
The parking lot grew quiet. Tessa walked over and hugged him tightly. Guilt welled up Andrew's heart. Tessa was infinitely better than Aubree. At least she didn't aggravate him. He got to his feet and glanced at the security cameras, then called the police to have the thugs locked up for a few days.
Jaired noticed Andrew's bleeding hands and sighed. "Do you need to go to the hospital?"
Andrew was already getting into his car. "No need, I'll take Tessa home. You guys go up and have a drink. Don't worry about me."
Jaired and Max stood still, noticing the bloodstains on the steering wheel, both with furrowed brows. But the car had already driven off.
Jaired turned to see Kenzo, his fingers pinching a cigarette, standing at a distance. He couldn't help but throw an arm around Kenzo's shoulders. "You're the calmest one of us. Even Max landed a kick on Andrew."
Kenzo rarely smoked, but now he snuffed out his cigarette. "Are we going back up?"
No one felt like drinking anymore, but their belongings were still in the private room. When they returned to the room, Max's expression darkened immediately. His coat, scarf, and cufflinks were all missing. Jaired's phone and Kenzo's coat had vanished as well.
Chapter 672
Jaired burst into laughter out of sheer frustration, his teeth bared in anger.
"This is Tequila Sunset, isn't it? How could someone have the nerve to steal here? They must be looking for trouble."
###Chapter 673
Chapter 673
The manager of Tequila Sunset was contacted, and he scrambled to pull up the surveillance footage. However, there were no cameras inside the private suites, so all they could see was a shadowy figure entering a suite and leaving with a bag in hand.
The manager felt a chill run down his spine and cursed under his breath. How could this slick thief steal from three VIPS in one go?
Tequila Sunset might require membership for entry, but they allowed all members to bring their male and female companions. Considering this place was a veritable gold mine, it's no surprise it's caught the eye of top-level thieves in the past. Loss is not a new concept here. But losing clothes? That's unheard of. And to top it off, we're not talking about any average clothing item, we're talking about a tiny, hand- knitted scarf.
Jaired was almost ready to write it off as bad luck, but Max's icy voice came through, "Find them." That meant they were going to chase this down to the end.
Jaired was puzzled. Thieves bold enough to target Tequila Sunset typically had strong anti-surveillance skills. If something were lost, the lounge would usually reimburse the original price, and no one would bother pursuing the matter, but Max seemed to take a particular interest in this.
"Max, your coat, scarf, and cufflinks, all together, are worth what, a few million?" Jaired tried to reason.
A cold glint passed through Max's eyes as he insisted to the manager, "Find them."
The manager jumped, feeling as if a mountain was crushing down on his head, and quickly acknowledged the order. "Don't worry, Max, we'll notify all the staff right away."
Max's eyelashes fell. He was silent for a moment before he spoke in a hoarse whisper, "I don't care about the rest. Get the scarf back to me."
The manager bowed even lower, assuming the scarf was studded with hundreds of diamonds or some other rare collectible. He wasted no time in alerting the staff to find it.
Brielle's suite was notified that an important guest had lost a valuable collectible. They were asked to remain in their rooms to avoid any misunderstanding. Brielle's eyebrow arched at the commotion Tequila Sunset was making. This important guest must've been quite significant.
Aubree still hadn't returned/Brielle frowned and was about to call when Dustin stood up, taking a gift box from the side.
"Bri, I'm stepping out for a smoke, and while I'm at it, I'll bring your friend back. With your status, you should stay here with him," Dustin offered.
As the CEO of Infinity Brilliance, Dustin could wander around without raising suspicion of
1/2
12.36
being a thief, but Brielle's status might not afford her the same luxury, especially since the missing item was a top-tier collectible, supposedly priceless. She couldn't afford to cross swords with Tequila Sunset just yet.
Dustin grabbed the gift box, a cigarette between his fingers, and stepped out. He intended to find a smoking area, but as he passed by the suite at the end of the hallway, he spied through the small window in the door and saw Aubree sitting alone. Raising an eyebrow, he opened the door and walked in.
The suite was dimly lit, and he heard the sound of sobbing.
Dustin's initial teasing words caught in his throat as he sat down beside her. "Hiding out here to lick your wounds? Or did you run into your heartbreaker and get wounded by a few harsh words?" He hit the nail on the head, noticing Aubree's stiff, trembling posture. Dustin's eyes narrowed, recalling Ricardo's mention of a desensitization test. Was Aubree always this fearful of men? When Andrew had pushed her towards him before, she had managed to kiss him with composure, hadn't she? What on earth had happened in such a short time?
"Bri's worried about you. Let's go back."
Aubree was barely able to stand, but then she saw a gift box placed before her. "Maybe a gift will cheer you up?"
Aubree looked down, wiping the tears from her face, and rasped, "Thanks, Mr. Lynch, but you should take it back."
Dustin raised an eyebrow and opened the gift box. Inside was a giant diamond, just like the one he'd given to Brielle. He was honestly just tossing these things around like - playthings. "Seriously? Is there a woman out there who could refuse a diamond?" His words were genuine. Usually, such gifts brought joy, screams, and a night of passion with his
companions.
Aubree broke into laughter at his words, but as she laughed, her face turned pale once more. The diamond was pristine and pure, and she felt undeserving.
She thought someone like her was only fit to receive wildflowers as gifts.
###Chapter 674
Chapter 674
She lowered her eyes and pushed the gift box across the table. "Thanks, Mr. Lynch, but! don't have any use for this."
Rising to her feet, a wave of dizziness swirled through her head, nearly sending her crashing to the ground. Dustin caught her, his instinct to call Brielle, but Aubree stopped him, "Don't bother Bri with this. Let's not add to her troubles."
As she spoke, a sour sting pricked the tip of her nose, and tears threatened to fall once
more.
"I haven't done anything wrong, and I just don't understand why things turned out this way. Maybe I was too greedy and always believed that if I just waited, he would notice me. That when he got tired, he would come back."
Maybe Andrew wasn't tired yet and still had the energy to tangle with her, but she had grown weary first. She really didn't want to see Andrew again. His words were like poison, and she refused to endure his cutting remarks any longer.
Aubree pushed away the hand Dustin offered, her tone self-deprecating, "Mr. Lynch, I'll be able to walk on my own. There's no need to dirty your hands."
Dustin stood still, his eyes losing their luster at her words. "I'll call Bri. I won't mention you're upset and just say that I'm seeing you home.”
In her current state, Aubree might collapse halfway and get took advantage of.
"Thanks, Mr. Lynch." Aubree leaned against the nearby wall, covering her face with her hands, her whole being exuding utter defeat.
When Brielle got the call, she was ready to leave, but just then, the door to the private room swung open, revealing an employee from Tequila Sunset.
First, with utmost politeness, they explained the situation. Tonight's drinks were on the house, but they needed to conduct a thorough search of the VIP room because a guest had lost something very valuable. The clientele of Tequila Sunset were usually rich or famous, and this incident tonight was bound to offend many. To compel Tequila Sunset to risk such offense in search of an item indicated its immense value.
Brielle wasn't offended by the intrusion. After the search was over, they brought in a bottle of wine worth tens of thousands as compensation.
Staring at the bottle on the coffee table, Brielle chuckled. "Ricardo, who lost their stuff? They're making such a fuss. What did they lose, the royal seal?"
Tequila Sunset was comping drinks for every private room and even providing a bottle of expensive wine as compensation. The loss must be in the millions. Yet Tequila Sunset's
12:36
staff carried out their task without flinching, clearly under the orders of some very
Important guest.
Brielle's room had been searched, and they were free to go. Brielle was at Tequila Sunset to accompany Aubree. With her gone, there was no reason to stay. She handed the bottle to Ricardo. "Take it home and enjoy."
Ricardo was stunned. "Is it okay to take this?"
Seeing his surprised expression, Brielle sighed. This kid probably hadn't been to such places before nor sipped such fine wine. "This is worth a pretty penny. It'd be a waste not to drink it. Take it. There's no rule against taking the drinks home."
Ricardo nodded, and a genuine smile was on his face. "Thank you, Ms. Haywood."
His smile was pure, and it lifted Brielle's spirits. She ruffled his hair affectionately - he was like a little brother to her.
Following the staff's directions, they made their way to the first floor. As Brielle was about to get into her car, she caught a glimpse of Max's new secretary. She was wrapped in a scarf and busy on a phone call. "I don't want to stay here as a secretary either. I'll find a way back soon and explain everything to Max. He doesn't want me to leave for now, and I don't know why, but I will handle it as quickly as I can."
Brielle's gaze fixed on the scarf around Annie's neck. She knew it well because she had knitted it herself. Even the iris at the end of the scarf was identical to the one she had
made for Max.
Max had given away the scarf she had made.
A chill settled in Brielle's eyes as she watched the woman get into a car, her voice light and airy, seemingly unaware of Brielle's presence.
Brielle stood motionless, feeling the night's chill creeping up from the soles of her feet, spreading coldly to the crown of her head.
She hoped she was mistaken.
###Chapter 675
Chapter 675
Ricardo stood behind her, watching as she seemed lost in thought. He couldn't help but ask, "Ms. Haywood, are you worried about something you saw online?"
Brielle shook her head, her complexion a bit off. "I'll take you home."
"It's okay. You don't have to. Someone's coming for me."
With no choice but to feign composure, Brielle flashed him a weak smile. "Alright, then I'm off."
Ricardo nodded at her, cradling the bottle of wine in his arms as if it were a precious treasure.
After Brielle left, the car that Annie had been sitting in mysteriously reappeared, pulling up in front of Ricardo. As soon as Ricardo got in, Annie engulfed him in a bear hug. "Ricky, I've missed you so much!" He gently pushed her away, his brow furrowed in annoyance. "Miss Annie, what do you want with that scarf?"
Annie took off the scarf, placed it aside, and let out a sigh. "I'm on a little mission, which is way more fun than offing someone. Ricky, why are you hanging around Brielle?"
Wrapping an arm around his, her eyes sparkled with excitement. "How about we go out and have some fun?"
Ricardo stared at her face, scrutinizing it for a long while. "It's been ten years, Miss Annie. You and Ms. Haywood could be twins."
Annoyed by the repeated comparison, Annie waved it off. "Forget about her. It's because of this face that I could strike a deal with Michael. Ricky, your skills are as sharp as ever. There's no mission you can't complete, no prize you can't nab. Heh."
Resting against the car seat, Ricardo frowned impatiently. Annie was just as noisy as a child, and that hadn't changed.
Noticing his silence, Annie stopped talking and carefully tugged at his sleeve. Ricardo just held the wine bottle, and ignored her.
Annie sighed and pulled out candy from her purse, popping it into her mouth.
"You're still like a kid, Miss Annie."
Her face lit up when he finally spoke. "Why are you with Brielle? Come with me instead."
"I'll come back when I'm bored." He stepped out of the car, still holding the wine bottle. Annie was reluctant to let him go and tried to follow him, but Ricardo pushed her back. She put the window down, her eyes pleading. "Ricky, if I take care of Brielle for you, will you come back then?"
1/2
12:36
Murray was driving the car and tensed up, wary of Ricardo's potential reaction. But Ricardo just stood there, his tone casual. "Are you trying to take my toy?"
Annie's face darkened. She settled back into her seat, her eyes downturned in disappointment. "I get it. I'll wait for you."
After the window closed, Murray consoled her, "Miss, he's always been like that. Don't be
sad.
Annie crossed her arms, gazing outside with a heavy look. Glancing at the scarf, she grabbed it in a fit of anger and tore it apart before setting it on fire with a lighter. The car filled with flames, but neither of them seemed to care. When the fire grew larger, Murray stopped the car amidst the gasps of bystanders.
Annie seemed amused. "This is fun."
"Miss, I'm glad you had fun, but let's go before we draw Max's attention. Michael wouldn't want you to reveal your true nature so soon. Better to be careful."
Annie pouted. "I hate Brielle. One day, I'll get rid of her!"
"Miss, when Ricky's done with her, I'll deliver her to you as a pet."
"You're the best."
Their conversation was always so chillingly straightforward, referring to Brielle as nothing more than a plaything.
Meanwhile, Brielle's car was parked in the courtyard of the Premier Palace.
Wesley heard the engine and stepped outside, and his face lit up at the sight of her. "Ms. Brielle."
She looked a bit pale but managed a smile.
"Ms. Brielle, I've made some soup."
"Wesley, it's not necessary. I'm just tired and want to sleep."
Wesley sighed, instructing someone to bring her a soothing glass of warm milk.
Brielle retreated to her bedroom, lying in bed, haunted by the scenes she'd witnessed last night and the scarf from this evening. She tried to comfort herself, believing it was all her imagination, just drunken hallucinations. She resolved to ask Max directly when he returned.
But then she had lost the rosary, and her lips twisted into a bitter smile.
She waited until 3 a.m., dark circles forming under her eyes, but Max never came. A chill swept over her body, and she couldn't shake the feeling of dread.
###Chapter 676
Chapter 676
At six in the morning, she left the Premier Palace and made her way to Stellar Stage Entertainment. There were paparazzi camped out at the entrance of Stellar Stage Entertainment. Catching sight of her, they shouldered their cameras and moved in.
"Brielle, word has it you're the new head honcho at Stellar Stage Entertainment. How'd you land the top spot?"
"Is it true you've got a little something-something going on with Director John?"
"Did you know Director Amelia blasted you on social media last night?"
This was Brielle's first close-up with the entertainment industry's hounds, and she was out of her comfort zone. Despite running on no sleep and with a head full of clutter, she faced these questions with a stoic expression, addressing the cameras. "Director Amelia might want to keep her phone lines clear because she'll soon be receiving a subpoena for spreading rumors. I'd advise some caution in her statements as she is a public figure."
With that, she pushed past the microphones and headed inside.
"Brielle, cut the act! You've been trending before! When you were a director at Dorsey International, rumors swirled that you climbed the ladder by cozying up to a string of men, and that's why you got demoted to Stellar Stage Entertainment."
Brielle stopped in her tracks and turned to face the male reporter who had spoken. He had a weaselly look about him, the type who thrived on stirring the pot.
"Who says I cozied up to a bunch of men? Got any proof?" She crossed her arms, her
brow firm with confidence.
"Or is it because of my looks that people think that's the only way I could gel to where I am? My track record at Dorsey International is crystal clear. Since I started there, I've handled at least thirty major mergers and acquisitions involving billions of dollars. I've been at the top of the performance reviews every year. As for cozying up to men, do you care to give specifics? Or do you mean to say that an attractive and competent woman can only have gotten ahead on her looks?"
Brielle deftly shifted the focus, turning the question into an issue of gender bias, which immediately stirred the female reporters.
"Wasn't there a report that said she aced her college entrance exams and was top of her class at Beaconsfield College?"
"That's right, and she represented Dorsey International at international auctions abroad while she was still quite young, rubbing shoulders with the North American moguls. Everyone saw that live broadcast. She was quite self-assured."
The female reporters exchanged glances, their demeanor softening.
11:37
"Ms. Brielle, are you really going to sue Amelia?"
By now, Brielle had entered the lobby and glanced at her phone. "Sorry, folks, if you're
looking for an interview, please schedule a time. I'm not a celebrity. I've got a
meeting to attend. Any other questions can be directed to our PR department, who will arrange a press conference. Also, I've just secured a collaboration with Mr. Kenzo, and Stellar Stage Entertainment is looking to bring even better content to our audience soon, so stay tuned."
The mere mention of Kenzo made the crowd seem as though they'd been struck dumb. Stellar Stage had snagged the rights to a Kenzo script?
That was unbelievable. Countless companies had been shut out trying to collaborate with Kenzo, who penned no more than two scripts a year. His latest project had been fiercely coveted. Yet, Stellar Stage Entertainment had quietly secured the rights.
Brielle offered a warm smile, her aloof aura melting away. "See you next time."
Those who'd come with an agenda to smear her felt a sudden warmth at her smile. Everyone loved to see cute girls.
By the time they snapped out of it, Brielle was already ascending in the elevator. As the elevator doors closed, the smile faded from Brielle's face, and she listened in silence to the sound of its ascent.
As soon as she reached the top floor, she received a call from Mason. The company, Book, had thrown down the gauntlet. They had to come up with a counterstrategy this month.
Brielle felt a wave of irritation. "I'm aware. Book's project is being spear who probably wants to take a big bite out of us with a major news sto they're stirring up trouble."
nded by William,
at's why
###Chapter 677
Chapter 677
"Hey Brielle, are you tight with the folks over at Dorsey International?"
Mason, a tech wiz through and through, didn't bother with online gossip and was even less interested in Brielle's personal life. He'd only reach out to Brielle for work-related matters, spending most of his time at the company's overseas branches.
"Yeah, send the latest updates to my computer, and let's set up a meeting for later."
Mason didn't hang up, and Brielle thought he had something more to say. He then asked, "How's Tiffanie doing? Is she busy?"
Brielle paused, "When's the last time you saw her?"
Mason's face turned a shade of crimson, and he awkwardly ruffled his hair. "Well, she came over to see me, and, uh, after we... you know... she left. That was about ten days ago."
His stammering made it clear that he found the topic rather embarrassing. Brielle fell silent. She had never disclosed the relationship between the two, and now it was even harder to speak up. Mason took a deep breath, ready to face the embarrassment. "I don't know if I did something wrong. She's not been answering my calls lately. Could you call her and check. in when you're free?" "Sure, I'll check up on her." After hanging up, Brielle rubbed her temples and walked into her office, feeling exhausted. She called Donny in and set herself up with an online public account, listing her position as President of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
The account was quickly approved, and most artists from Stellar Stage Entertainment followed her promptly.
Brielle found Amelia's tweet, which blatantly criticized her for her lack of decurum. She retweeted it with a comment. [Don't delete this. Wait for the court summons.]
The night before, Brielle hadn't paid any mind to the news online or checked her phone. She was preoccupied with the memory of Annie wearing the scarf and the fact that Max hadn't come home, leaving her feeling anxious and unsettled.
And now, she had to deal with a challenge from her opponent so early in the morning. Her features sharpened with determination, and she took the opportunity to arrange a meeting with Tiffanie to discuss both Amelia and Mason.
Once Brielle's account was verified and she retweeted Amelia's post, she instantly drew the attention of many online users.
"Is that the real Brielle? This a new account, right?"
11:38
Chapter 677
"That's a verified tag: the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment. The media was hounding her earlier, so it must be her."
"Talk about bold. Amelia's fans are gonna have a field day with this."
Indeed, Brielle was lambasted by the public. Firstly, she wasn't a celebrity with a massive fanbase, and the artists from Stellar Stage Entertainment who followed her didn't pack much punch. Secondly, Amelia was well-connected with numerous stars whose fans numbered in the millions. So, Brielle's blunt response led to her trending online amid a barrage of insults.
After posting, Brielle let her lawyers handle the legal side of things and moved on.
By noon, Tiffanie showed up, still sporting her trendy look, complete with sleeve tattoos. Chewing gum, she looked around Brielle's office and commented, "This place is way less fancy than Dorsey International."
Brielle put down her pen and asked, "Why aren't you taking Mason's calls?"
Tiffanie stopped her chewing for a moment, sensing a tone in Brielle's voice that eerily resembled Maxie's. It must've been her imagination.
"It's just, once you've had your fun, the thrill's gone."
What a heartbreaker!
"I hear you're planning to push Aubree into showbiz. How about me?" Tiffanie seemed to have brushed off Mason as she eagerly awaited Brielle's opinion.
Brielle took a moment before frowning. "Are you playing with his feelings?"
"He's too serious. It's boring." Tiffanie looked down. She was slightly afraid of people who
were too earnest.
"Tiffanie," Brielle called her out, "not everyone is an Everett or Victoria."
But Tiffanie steered clear of that topic, shifting the conversation. "You didn't call me here just for this, did you? Is it about that Amelia thing? I have friends who know her. She's quite the party animal for her age. She was in a friend's VIP room and took home two guys in one night."
Brielle rubbed her forehead, allowing Tiffanie to dodge the Mason issue. "Got any proof?"
Tiffanie leaned in, her smile growing. "Maxie's been down lately, and I didn't get a chance to shake him down for some cash. You're gonna help me out, right?"
2010
###Chapter 678
11-38
Chapter 678
Max's name made the strained smile on Brielle's face faded. She picked up a check. "I'm not rolling in cash like he is-there's only ten million here."
"That's plenty." With a flick of her wrist, Tiffanie toyed with the USB drive in her hand, her expression cocky. "Don't worry, that old hag's news will blow up the trending searches. soon enough."
She referred to Amelia as an "old hag," though in truth, Amelia was quite well-preserved and was the only female director of note who had won awards. She had her fair share of aspiring male actors willing to hook up with her to advance their careers.
As John had once revealed, it was Amelia's promiscuity that was her downfall. When John caught her red-handed, she worried he would go public with the news, so she preemptively concocted a story of John being abusive and unfaithful, casting herself entirely as the victim.
Over the years, Amelia had crafted a successful public persona. Society had a soft spot for strong, independent women. In the public eye, Amelia was a woman who had been dealt a bad hand in love, but had risen from the ashes of her divorce to carve out her own successful path. She'd even become a vocal advocate for women's issues on social media, preaching about financial independence, independent thought, education, and more. She'd even boldly claimed that she was done with men for life.
If Amelia hadn't built up a public image of fearing men, then the video wouldn't have fazed her. As a single, wealthy woman, a fling with a handsome man would have been merely a private indiscretion. But she had built this image, and was claiming to be done with men while secretly calling in not one but two male escorts for the night. It was the height of hypocrisy.
Brielle knew she could trust Tiffanie with this matter, as she had connect. n all sorts of places and always managed to unearth something surprising.
As Tiffanie stood to leave, Brielle couldn't help but think of Mason and gave her a gentle reminder. "Mason's serious about you."
Mason was a tech geek who had spent most of his life buried in books and technology, hardly ever interacting with women. A naive soul like him was no match for Tiffanie's charms, and he'd fallen for her quickly. But Tiffanie's upbringing had been so different from Mason's that she couldn't bring herself to trust men, let alone believe in love. The more serious Mason got, the more Tiffanie pulled away.
A complex look flickered in Tiffanie's eyes, and she pulled out a cigarette, lighting it up right there. "Brielle, don't worry about me and Mason," she said.
Brielle knew Tiffanie smoked. Her form was practiced and effortless-a clear sign of years of habit.
1/2
11:38
I'm off then. By the afternoon, Amelia's scandal will be all over the news. Later.
Tiffanie's cigarette wasn't the harsh kind. It had a sweet, fruity aroma. She took a few puffs and then tossed it in the trash. Brielle shook her head resignedly.
After finishing up with Stellar Stage Entertainment's paperwork, she called over Donny and handed him Kenzo's script. "Take a look at this, and pick out some suitable actors from Stellar Stage. Remember, they have to be a good fit. This is a solid script, and we can't afford any casting mistakes."
Donny's hands trembled with excitement, his eyes even misting over. This was Kenzo's work. Anyone in showbiz knew his name. His scripts were typically reserved for top-tier directors, and now Donny had the chance to handle one, maybe even cast one of his talents in it. This was no pie in the sky-it was the whole bakery!
"But Ms. Haywood," Donny interjected. “John's tied up with his own projects. Who's going to direct this one?"
Brielle's brow furrowed. "Doesn't Stellar Stage have any directors?"
"There are a few, but they're a bit... peculiar. Still, with Kenzo's script, I'm sure they'll want to take charge. It's just that they might not be too keen on casting a newcomer as the lead."
After all, a movie's cast was a guarantee of its box office potential. John's situation was unique. He had to work with two newcomers.
Brielle massaged her temples. "Just make sure I review the performance of whoever lands the lead role."
Donny's face lit up. "I'll go talk to the director right now!"
After wrapping up her morning tasks, Brielle found herself with some downtime, idly checking her phone. The busyness of Stellar Stage had filled her thoughts, but now, the scarf incident lingered in her mind. After much deliberation, she decided to visit Dorsey International at lunch.
Meanwhile, at Tequila Sunset...
The staff were pale, avoiding glances with the icy figure within. Max sat quietly in the VIP lounge with an unconscious Jaired beside him. Kenzo had already left for the day.
###Chapter 679
Chapter 679
A scarf had led to an all-night manhunt, but the thief might as well have vanished into thin air. Despite turning every private lounge Inside out, there was no trace to be found. Moreover, there was a concurrent cyber attack on the surrounding security systems. This job was so slick it had to be the work of someone on the international most-wanted list.
The staff couldn't fathom what was so special about Mr. Dorsey's scarf that warranted such a massive uproar from the thieves. Could it possibly bear the secrets of Dorsey International's business strategies?
Everyone was baffled and on edge.
Max had been sitting on that couch all night, his eyes now half-closed, his thoughts a mystery to all. The rest of the room remained silent, not daring to speak.
"Go on. Get out," he said, his voice barely above a whisper, likely having given up on the scarf.
Those present felt a wave of relief wash over them as they shuffled out of the lounge, their bodies heavy with exhaustion.
The commotion stirred Jaired, who had been dozing off to the side. He stretched languidly and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. "Did you find it?" His voice was still rough with sleep.
Max was irritated and yanked at the tie around his neck, his usually impeccable composure now visibly disturbed.
"No."
Jaired was now fully awake. "It's just a scarf, right? Why all this fuss? You must've lost at least a hundred million just shooing away the guests last night. What kind of scarf costs that much? I heard the staff gossiping about it being covered in Dorsey International's business secrets."
Jaired was jesting, of course, knowing full well that no trade secrets would be woven into a scarf. But he was just as curious about what made this particular scarf so valuable.
Max was in a foul mood. He had taken such care of that scarf, having it cleaned and maintained daily, never expecting it to disappear after just a week of wear. His lips pressed into a thin line, but his expression softened slightly at the thought. "Brielle made it."
Jaired thought he'd misheard and froze, then dug a finger into his ear. "Say that again?"
A loss of a hundred million, alienating numerous guests, and having the staff at Tequila Sunset scour the place all night all came down to a scarf that was hand-knitted by Brielle.
Wasn't it just an ordinary scarf?
Jaired was in disbelief! He wanted to curse out loud but didn't know where to direct his anger, so he managed to blurt out, "Damn! Love is a real piece of work!"
Life seemed to be one foolish move after another, and love was a folly chased by two fools.
Utterly pointless.
After his outburst, Jaired kicked a table, regretting the wasted night in the lounge. Kenzo was right to have left early. He was likely enjoying a good night's sleep by now. Max said nothing, feeling the weight of several restless days, and as the lounge quieted down, he leaned back on the sofa and fell asleep.
Patrick entered, intending to report on a charred car that had been found with the remains of the scarf inside. Barely anything was left of it, unrecognizable from its original form. It might have been better if it hadn't been found at all.
The previous night's citywide electrical issues and surveillance interference meant no footage captured the thief's exit. Clearly, whoever was behind this had a strong motive, but Patrick couldn't puzzle out what they truly intended to steal. Was the scarf just a secondary prize, and had they stolen something far more valuable from someone else?
Seeing Max asleep, Patrick thought of exiting quietly but heard a hoarse voice ask, "Did you find it?"
"Yeah, it went up in flames with the car. Just a pile of ash left. It's no use to anyone now." Patrick thought Max had been sleeping, but he was wide awake.
"Hmm." Max grunted, a pang of tightness/spreading across his chest.
"Why don't you go up to the penthouse suite to rest, sir?"
Rest was the last thing on Max's mind, as there was an unexplained silent treatment between him and Brielle, and now the missing scarf was left unaccounted for. "Did you track the hacker from last night?" Which faction was it?
"We did, but they set up a dummy ID. We almost had them in less than ten seconds, but they retreated fast. All we know is they were in Beaconsfield."
10:18
Keep digging:
Will do
Max rose, an Icy aura enveloping him. Patrick followed, unsure of his next move. Once in the car, he meant to inquire further but instead
noted how Max leaned back, his neck arching slightly to reveal a stark Adam's apple.
He looked aloof and unreachable, yet now tinged with a hint of desolation.
###Chapter 680
Chapter 680
Patrick's heart soured inexplicably as he thought about the possibility of a spat between the CEO and Ms. Brielle. The last thing he wanted was for them to be at odds.
Even in sleep, Max's brow was furrowed as if worries plagued his dreams.
Patrick was supposed to drive to
to Dorsey International, given that Max was a workaholic and would most likely want to head to the office at this hour. But seeing the dark circles under Max's eyes, Patrick took the liberty of steering the car towards Premier Palace instead.
Max was tall, and even though the car was spacious, it still seemed a snug fit for him as he dozed off.
"Sir, you should hit the hay on a proper bed," Patrick suggested.
Max slowly opened his eyes to the sight of Premier Palace, said nothing, and got out of the car.
Wesley approached, ready to mention Ms. Brielle's visit the previous evening. But noticing the chill surrounding Max and catching warning shake of the head from Patrick behind him, he promptly shut his mouth, sensing trouble.
Max went straight to his room, took a shower, and then lay down to rest. It was probably the first time since taking the helm at Dorsey International that he skipped a workday to sleep in the bedroom during broad daylight.
The bed still held Brielle's scent, as if she had just laid there the night before. Though exhausted, Max's sleep was elusive as her scent tickled his nose, making his eyelashes flutter.
He got up and went back into the bathroom, showering in cold water for an hour. It was winter, and the cold water was a stark awakening for his senses.
After the shower, he didn't leave the room but instead pondered when he might fall ill.
Max's constitution was robust. Sespite a recent fever and a relentless work schedule, two hours under cold water didn't seem to induce sickness. His already pale complexion looked even worse. His aura was so icy it seemed it could lance those around him.
Meanwhile, Brielle had arrived at the top floor of Dorsey International. Stepping out of the elevator, she encountered Annie carrying a stack of papers. Annie did not recognize her and merely nodded politely. For Brielle, stepping onto the top floor required a bit of courage, especially after the office had buzzed about her last encounter with
Max.
From the moment she entered Dorsey International, everyone, even the receptionist, recognized her face. As she entered the top floor, her colleagues cast curious glances. Those who had been slouching quickly straightened up as if the CEO's wife was inspecting them.
Oblivious to these subtleties, Brielle was about to enter Max's office when she saw Annie step in ahead of her.
Annie placed a cup of coffee on Max's desk and began arranging his papers. On seeing Brielle, surprise flickered through Annie's eyes. "Are you here for Mr. Dorsey? He's taking a nap and asked not to be disturbed," Annie said while continu to tidy the desk.
Brielle watched Annie's practiced motions as she opened Max's drawers. This prompted Brielle to say, his drawers." Even Patrick needed permission before delving into them.
esn't like others touching
Annie looked up with a smile. "I asked him, and he allowed me to. That's why I'm doing it."
Brielle felt a wave of discomfort, as anyone might when speaking to someone who looked so much like themselves. Although strictly speaking, Annie's face only bore a fifty percent resemblance to Brielle's.
As Brielle stood by the desk, she watched Annie continue to clean. Her fingertips were tense as if she were caressing a lover's body.
Annie, noting Brielle's continued presence, got irritated slightly. "Do you need me to wake Mr. Dorsey? He didn't sleep last night and has just now laid down."
Her words implied that Max was in the resting room.
Annie's tone held no provocation. She was simply doing what a secretary should, leaving Brielle unable to act as she might with prying journalist.
Brielle wanted to say she'd wait, but just then, the cleaning lady entered, apparently ready to disinfect Max's office. Max had a mild case of germaphobia, and his office was routinely disinfected every other day. Under these circumstances, Brielle couldn't stay and had to step out.
Annie followed her and couldn't help but ask, "I don't mean to offend, but may I ask about your relationship with Max? You and I sort of
resemble each other."
###Chapter 681
Chapter 681
Just a few words seemed enough to let Brielle's imagination fill in all the remaining details, but Brielle was exceptionally cautious and serious when it came to matters involving Max. She wouldn't suspect him into the proverbial lion's den without hard evidence.
She also opted not to contact him over the phone because she understood all too well that when two people were in love and at odds, even the slightest disturbance could set the other off.
Even the pause between breaths, hesitation could easily be misconstrued. Hurt could be easily inflicted through a screen, so it was always better to ask questions face-to-face. "I'm his girlfriend."
After Brielle said this, she saw a flash of oddness cross Annie's eyes. "Max has a girlfriend?"
Brielle couldn't tell whether Annie was acting or genuinely unaware of her presence in Max's life. Since she didn't feel any hostility from Annie, she didn't rebut every word with relentless counter-arguments. "Yeah."
Annie looked down, a smile in her eyes, but her words carried a hint of confusion. "How could he have a girlfriend?"
Realizing the inappropriateness of her comment, she quickly looked up. "Sorry, I didn't mean anything against you. It's just that my godfather never mentioned Max having a girlfriend."
Brielle kept a smile on her face, her tone even. "Well, now you know."
"The scarf last night..."
Annie paused for a few seconds before tentatively continuing, "Did you knit the scarf Max wore?"
"Yes." Brielle had no intention of lying. She was curious to see what Annie really wanted to say.
"I'll bring it back to you this afternoon. I didn't know it was your handiwork." Annie bowed slightly, a sincere gesture.
"No need. I gave it to Max, so it's his to do with as he pleases." Brielle's tone remained steady as she reached the private elevator.
Annie pressed the elevator button for her. "When Max wakes up, I'll let him know you were here."
*Thanks."
Brielle stepped into the elevator. Her brow furrowed only when the doors began to close.
In the hallway near the emergency exit, Annie couldn't suppress a laugh, tugging at her own face. She was acting more and more like Brielle.
Max was not actually in the resting room, but she was certain Brielle wouldn't check. And even if she did, Annie had a hundred ways to clear her name. She licked her lips with the tip of her tongue. Initially, Annie was reluctant to take on this task. After all, she had genuinely earned her teaching pos youngest female professor. She had no desire to play house with these people.
+ Harvard and was the
Her life was full of thrills and excitement. She never considered others. She even found Alivia's hypocrisy somewhat distasteful.
But after agreeing to cooperate, the thrill of acting in front of everyone was exhilarating. She planned to work hard to drive a wedge between the couple, to drive Ricardo away from Brielle, so that she could treat Brielle like a pet.
Annie's treatment to pets were exceptionally cruel. She would pluck the feathers from a parrot that prided itself or feed a noble Persian cat rotten dead rats instead of kibble.
Pets were nothing more than cheap tools to satisfy her whims. She never saw Brielle as a person.
Brielle didn't leave Dorsey Tower immediately. She knew how exhausted Max had been lately. She stopped by a nearby hotel to pick up a
what's up hearty chicken soup, intending to deliver it herself. But just before stepping into the elevator, she got a call from Dustin. "Bri, with your friend? She was crying her eyes out all night like it was the end of the world, and now she's all perky, ready to shoot a film. Is she bipolar or what?"
Before Brielle could respond, Aubree retorted in the background. "Mr. Lynch, could you not diagnose someone with bipolar disorder to their face, please?"
Aubree's voice was hoarse, barely audible, indicating she had indeed cried most of the night. Brielle felt a tightness in her chest. With only three days left to Andrew and Tessa's wedding, many had received their invitations, and knowing Tessa, she'd likely send one to Aubree, too.
After ending the call, Dustin sent a message. [I'm not being an alarmist, but she's really not okay. You better keep a close eye on her these next few days.]
He sent a message to prevent Aubree from eavesdropping.
[Bri
she was calling out for Andrew all night long.]
1/1
###Chapter 682
Chapter 682
Brielle's chest ached with numb pain. Worry gnawed at her Insides at the thought of Andrew, that jerk, getting married soon. She feared Aubree might do something foolish out of despair. So she hurriedly left the soup she was carrying on Max's office desk, and dashed off to Aubree's shoot.
The set was closed off, but most of the crew were staff from Stellar Stage Entertainment who recognized her, allowing her easy access.
She spotted Aubree acting opposite Ricardo, but her gaze drifted towards Dustin. He stood with his arms folded, an odd fit against the dingy backdrop of the set. Yet, even in such rough surroundings, his presence hinted at a man born to wield power.
"Bri.
Dustin arched an eyebrow, smiling at her with his charming, flirtatious eyes.
"Mr. Lynch, did you take Aubree home last night?"
"She's your friend, isn't she? I wouldn't neglect her. After I dropped her off, she cried all night, clutching her face. Just look at her eyes."
Indeed, Brielle could see the puffiness in Aubree's eyes, but it happened to fit the role she was playing-a girl tormented and forlorn-so it wasn't out of place.
Dustin stepped closer to Brielle, his voice low enough for only the two of them to hear. "Desensitization tests? What's that about?"
Brielle opened her mouth, but naturally, she couldn't spill Aubree's secrets. The more people who knew, the more danger Aubree would be in.
Dustin wasn't one to pry excessively. Seeing Brielle's silence, he understood there must've been a reason. "I've got things to handle later, but I dropped by last night because I had a few questions for you. Let's sit for a bit."
Unsure of Dustin's questions, Brielle joined him on a pair of chairs set aside on the set.
"Bri, do you know Mark?"
Surprise flickered across her face. Of course, she knew him. "He's the head of Sunflower Children's Home, the man who raised me until I was brought back to the Haywood family at age ten."
She noticed Dustin's demeanor shift from teasing to serious as she spoke. "I had someone check into him. He's divorced now, a retiree."
"Yes, he has a kind heart."
"Not to hide anything from you, Bri, but I've mentioned before that my sister went missing back home. The latest lead we have involves Sunflower Children's Home. It might be inaccurate, but there are many doubts surrounding the home. Our people haven't been able to locate Mark's residence, and even his ex-wife has vanished."
Brielle felt bombarded with too much information, momentarily stunned. After a minute to process, she recalled a past mix-up.
Mark had called her once, claiming that a top-tier family had lost their little princess, who was possibly amongst a group of girls from the home. Brielle and Lillian had both been candidates for a DNA test.
1/2
15
the results revealed an as the daughter of the Haywood family, while Brielle was an orphan with
According to Mark someone had abandoned Brielle at the orphanage's doorstep, nearly frozen to death. Mark had sent a fortune to save her, which led to his wife leaving him. So, as an adult, Brielle kept in touch with Mark and treated him like family.
She never expected the so-called top-tier family to be the family behind Infinity Brilliance-what a twist of
"Mr. Lynch I was womed for Mark's safety, so I had him relocated far from Beaconsfield. I can give you a contact number. Hopefully, you can find your sister soon."
Dustin looked at her, a soft chuckle escaping him. "Alright."
He handed off the number to his people, mentioned other leads to follow up on, and promptly left.
Brielle watched his retreating figure, envying the princess who was always being sought after by her
samity. She herself was like an unwanted weed sprung from nowhere.
Meanwhile, at Dorsey Intemational, shortly after Brielle left, Max arrived at his office. He hadn't rested long at Premier Palace and had taken several cold showers to stay sharp. His skin was still icy to the touch, his expression as if frosted over.
Entering his office, he saw the soup on his desk
Annie came in with a cup of coffee, spotting him, and hastily offered, "Max, I noticed you've been working hard, so I got you some soup from the hotel. It's the chef's special. You look a bit pale. Give it a try."
2/2
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683
Max wouldn't touch anything prepared by another woman, so he gently pushed it aside. "No thanks, just focus on your tasks at hand"
Annie picked up the soup with a nod. "Shall I take this and offer it to someone else? Here's your coffee."
"Coffee's handled by Patrick." His voice was indifferent as he settled into the leather office chair and booted up his computer.
Annie didn't press any further, carrying the coffee and soup out of the office. She had become well-acquainted with the top brass by now. Back at her desk, she slid the bowl of soup towards her neighboring colleague.
"Max girl whipped this up. He didn't want it. Have at it, will ya? My stomach's off this morning; can't stomach a sip."
With that photo of Brielle and Max's kiss making the rounds, Annie's colleague definitely knew about Brielle. Brielle had become something of a celebrity within Dorsey International. The company chat had been buzzing for days.
When Max was still remotely handling business from abroad, he was held in near-mythical regard. In the flesh, he was practically untouchable. His interest was strictly on work and nothing else. Who would have guessed he'd plant one on an employee right there against the office wall?
The memory alone was enough to set hearts racing. It wasn't them Mr. Dorsey kissed, but witnessing it felt like a whirlwind, sending shivers down their spines.
Mr. Dorsey clearly fancied Ms. Brielle, but why did he turn down her homemade soup?
Annie's decision to offer the soup to this particular colleague was no coincidence. She knew the woman loved a juicy bit of gossip, especially about the higher-ups. True to form, the woman lifted the lid, snapped a photo, and flung it into the group chat with hundreds of employees. [Can you believe my luck? Sipping on soup made by the boss future lady herself.]
A wave of question marks flooded the chat, and the colleague, unable to keep a secret, spilled the beans. [Ms. Brielle made it for the boss, but he passed it off to Annie. She said she wasn't feeling it and gave it to me, hehe.]
When the M&A folks in the chat saw this, one, feeling a touch irked, forwarded the screenshot to Brielle.
Brielle was on set with Aubree at the time. She pursed her lips upon seeing it.
Her colleagues seemed miffed, chattering nonstop. [What's this about Annie not having an appetite Haywood, everything okay with you and the boss?]
Brielle lifted her hand and massaged her forehead, without making a reply. She genuinely didn't know what
to say.
Furthermore, she was unclear of Annie's intentions. All she saw was that Annie portrayed herself impeccably. However, seeing Annie by Max's side, exhibiting a temperament and appearance strikingly similar to her own, she couldn't help but feel a sense of unease stir within her heart.
Silence fell briefly in the staff chat before the sleuths began to theorize.
[They must go way back. Could Mr. Dorsey be with Brielle because of her and Annie's similar looks?]
1/2
15:11
Chapter 683
The conjecture set the rumor mill spinning Just as the conversation was picking up steam, the chat was abruptly disbanded, leaving everyone's commends hanging and unanswered The admin had dissolved the group.
Patrick, sening the matter settled, handed Max his phone. "Sir, all taken care of"
Max was in the midst of a video conference, his demeanor icy, his face frosted over. He finished up in silence and then looked up. "Is Brielle still at Stellar Stage Entertainment?" Patrick nodded, "Seems like it."
Max reached for his coat, ready to take the initiative, but after a few steps, a shadow crossed his eyes
Brielle had fled after that accidental slap and had not sent a message or called since. From his perspective, it hardly seemed right to chase after her. If Brielle cared even a bit, she wouldn't be so coldly
indifferent.
A restlessness flickered across his features. Whether psychological or not, he felt a fever brewing.
"Patrick" He called out, and Patrick was at his heels in an instant. "Tell Brielle I'm working sick. Wouldn't
listen to anyone who tried to stop me.
2/2
###Chapter 684
Chapter 684
Patrick's lips tightened, suppressing the laughter in his eyes. "Sure thing, I'll let Ms. Brielle know right
away,"
Max returned to his seat, his long, lush eyelashes casting a shadow over his dark eyes, betraying a hint of barely visible hurt.
Brielle was waiting for Aubree to wrap up for the day. She noticed that Aubree had paused while the makeup artist touched up her makeup, so she placed her handbag on the table and stepped forward to help:
Aubree's eyes were indeed swollen. Brielle sighed as she looked at Aubree's reflection in the mirror. "Cried a bit, huh?"
Today's scene happened to be a tearjerker, so the swollen eyes didn't hinder the schedule.
Aubree couldn't muster a word. Her throat was too sore, and she pitifully pointed to it. Brielle stepped out to fetch a cup of water for her. With the makeup artist present, Brielle refrained from offering advice, simply stating, "How long do you plan to cry over him? You gonna keep this up forever?"
Just the mention of his name and the sight of his face was enough to bring on the tears. What was the point of a love that could only lead to breakdowns?
To Aubree, Andrew represented disappointment, embarrassment, and a void of darkness. Once upon a time, she would've broken all her pride for Andrew's love. But what about now?
It didn't take long for the touch-up, and sensing they needed privacy, the makeup artist tactfully stepped out. The door had barely clicked shut when Brielle let out a sigh. "I'm worried you'll do something foolish." From childhood, the people around her always seemed to be leaving. It felt like only Aubree had stayed by her side all this time. Sometimes, Brielle even wondered if she was cursed with some fate of solitude.
Aubree rubbed her eyes, her voice hoarse and heavy with sorrow. "I got their wedding invitation last night. They're getting married in three days."
A sharp look crossed Brielle's eyes. Tessa had not missed her chance to capitalize on the situation.
"Bri, I'm thinking of getting revenge."
After a sip of water, Aubree's voice became clearer, her eyes churning with something fierce.
Brielle frowned, knowing all too well that Aubree was spineless in front of Andrew. How would she seek revenge with her swollen eyes and frail body?
"Bri, you've done enough. The Rowland family's down. Let's not bother with Tessa anymore I'll de. her myself." Aubree's grip on the cup tightened, her eyes icy.
True love was trampled underfoot until numbness took over, while insincerity was what got people desired.
Brielle didn't know what Aubree was planning. She only wanted Aubree to be alive. Whatever happened, Brielle would stand by her.
With Aubree's affirmation, Brielle got into her car, ready to leave the set. As she started the engine, she nearly hit a crew member, slamming on the brakes in alarm. "Are you okay?" She opened the car door,
1/2
15:11
Chapter 604
stepping out to check on him, only to see the man wearing a hat, his hands covered in scars. The box he was carrying had fallen, spilling various parts needed on set
Was be an employee?
Brielle bent down, noticing his twisted ankle as he struggled to walk She quickly tried to help pick up the
parts
"I got this!" The man's voice cut through. He was trying to hide his identity, but Brielle recognized him
It's Spencer.
His face was pale and flushed, frantic to gather the parts back into the box, but his injuries to his foot and hand made him stumble and fall. His hat tumbled off. There he was, sprawled unexpectedly at Brielle's feet. His cheek bore a wound, likely from a fight, and a bandage adorned his forehead.
The once high-and-mighty rich guy now seemed lower than a common laborer.
Brielle wanted to speak but didn't know what to say
Spencer's lips were tightly pressed, his eyes red with the struggle to pick up his things. Brielle could guess he was still prideful and was avoiding work at high-end spots, fearing recognition by his fair-weather friends. So he came to these small sets for temporary work. But these jobs were fiercely competitive, and a few hot tempers could spark bare-knuckle brawls.
Spencer, who had always had an easy life, had no idea that ordinary folks sometimes fought tooth and nail for a job worth a few thousand bucks. In these back alleys, dignity was the cheapest commodity. Despite her distaste for Spencer, Brielle couldn't bring herself to kick someone when they were down. After all, her restlessness had caused her to hit him.
"How much do you want for compensation?" After gathering all the parts, she asked nonchalantly.
Spencer's pupils shrank, a mix of humiliation and discomfort. "Are you insulting me?"
Brielle couldn't help but chuckle. "Spencer, you think this is an insult? This little scratch is nothing compared to what you've done to me. If I were you, I would put my dignity aside in such times of survival." Even if someone threw money in her face, she would quietly pick it up and buy a couple of toasts. After all, that was what she did back in the orphanage-nothing was more important than filling her stomach.
2/2
###Chapter 685
Chapter 685
After thelle Boished speaking, she watched as he picked up his hot from the ground and placed it on his head this loup was more pronounced as he started to leave.
Youre not seeking compensation, but if anything else goes wrong with your foot, don't come crying to me she called after him.
Spencet paused, feeling pain searing through his whole body, and tears suddenly sprang to his eyes as he but his lips hand. "Get lost i don't want your money, he spat out bitterly. tuelle was taken aback by his prideful outburst. If that was how he wanted it, then she wouldn't insist on INIVING
Not far from where held started walking off, Spencer's pain became too much, and he sat down on the corb His ankle was swollen, and other injuries were beginning to throb.
Sweat beaded on his forehead, and as he saw Brielle's car turn down a side road, his eyes reddened with emotion. It only he hadn't gotten involved with Lillian and had realized from the start that it was Brielle he liked, he might not have made so many foolish mistakes.
It was too late to have regrets now.
Just like she had said once, if he wasn't a Dorsey scion, he probably would never have been able to be in her orbit. She had climbed her way to the top, becoming the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, swiftly reorganizing the company's corrupt core, and commanding respect from everyone.
Such a radiant figure should have been his wife.
Spencer's tears flowed more freely as he wiped them away awkwardly, gathered the strength to pick up his case, and headed into the studio.
Meanwhile, Brielle's car was at a crossroads. She glanced at her phone-no messages, no missed calls. Her heart felt empty as she waited for the green light, then decisively drove towards Dorsey International. He should be awake by now, right?
All she wanted was ten minutes to talk, particularly about the situation with Annie.
In the rearview mirror, Brielle caught a glimpse of Spencer's hobbling figure, and her expression darkened. She had to admit that Michael Dorsey played hardball, ousting Spencer from the family without a penny to his name. Even with his grandson injured like that, Michael didn't bother to check in, seemingly content to let Spencer fend for himself.
Brielle knew this wasn't her fight, but it left a chill in her heart all the same. If Michael could be th ruthless with Spencer, he wouldn't spare Max either when the day Max would completely disappoi really came. Brielle gripped the steering wheel tightly. She didn't realize that the atmosphere at Dorsey International's top floor was one of brooding silence.
Patrick had tried calling her several times, but each attempt was met with a disconnection. It wasn't that no one answered. The calls were intentionally cut off.
He sneaked a glance at Max, murmuring cautiously, "Perhaps Ms. Brielle is just preoccupied."
1/2
15-11
Chapter 685
Max's lips were pressed into a thin line, and his eyes eventually revealed a trace of scorn. Was she too busy to take a single phone call?
Amidst the silence, Patrick's phone rang. His face brightened, hoping it was Brielle. Instead, it was from the sanitorium. He dared not meet Max's gaze as he answered the call. After a brief conversation with the doctor, Patrick hung up.
Max could no longer sit still and stood up to leave. Patrick hurriedly followed, not daring to ask where they were going
Max's presence was chilling, his usual warmth fading back into the persona of the impassive CEO of Dorsey International.
Desperate to break the ice, Patrick sought another topic. "Sir, we've located the hacker who attacked the Beaconsfield network. He's been on the World Cyber Center's wanted list for a while. He's notorious for launching attacks overseas and is listed as a top enemy. But no one knows what he looks like. Ever since his first offense, he's never slipped up. Remember the data chaos on Wall Street? That was his doing. His identity is always changing; no one can pin him down."
In an age where the internet reigned supreme, a top hacker could orchestrate events from behind a screen, never needing to show his face. For years, he had stayed well-hidden. Perhaps he was even close by, yet nobody knew he was a wanted fugitive.
Patrick talked at length, only to notice Max staring out the window, lost in thought, his hair hanging forlornly.
The golden boy of Infinity Brilliance had a luster to his sadness, but Max's was quiet and colorless. His gaze was fixed on the outside world, lost in his thoughts.
Patrick suddenly regretted the conversation, feeling a sour twist in his heart. Maybe, he thought, the CEO shouldn't be with Brielle..
Ms. Brielle just wasn't the right match for him.
###Chapter 686
Chapter 686
Brielle tapped her foot impatiently as she waited for the traffic light to turn green, her fingers racing over her smartphone to text Max quickly. She was concerned he might've knocked off early from work, and she wanted him to hang tight until she got there.
The rush hour was in full swing, with the streets choked by cars, turning what should have been a fifteen-minute drive into a half-hour crawl. The message sent notification popped up, and she gripped the steering wheel tighter. Her mouth felt dry, as if she'd stuffed it with cotton balls.
Both she and Max were trying so hard to reach out to each other, to clear the air, but it was like the signals between them were jammed.
Murray's hands flew over his laptop keys, his cheeks flushing as he caught a whiff of perfume from the woman standing behind him. He tried to keep his composure as he spoke. "Miss, as you can see from the data here, hacking into Brielle's phone was a piece of cake. Someone had already planted a Trojan horse in her system, which made my job a walk in the park."
Annie was munching on a piece of candy, and the sweet scent wafted into Murray's nose due to their proximity. Without bothering to gauge his reaction, she perked up at his explanation, throwing her arms around his neck in excitement.
"Isn't that just perfect? Who's the genius who planted that thing in Brielle's phone? That's why you pulled this off with such ease. They can't contact each other now, so I guess the misunderstanding just got bigger."
"In theory, yes, but we can't rush things," Murray cautioned, his face turning a deeper shade of red as Annie clung to him.
"Murray, you're a star. Picking you up was the best decision I ever made. You're way more useful than Ricardo. He only knows how to brawl and shoot."
Her praise made Murray's eyes light up. He was about to return the embrace and wrap his arms around her waist when she added, "But Ricardo is still my favorite."
His enthusiasm deflated, and his eyes fell. His voice grew husky with disappointment. "Miss, what's our
next move?"
Annie circled his neck from behind, her gaze fixed on the incomprehensible data on the screen. "We'll just play it cool for now. They can't communicate, the misunderstandings are piling up, and with me cozying up to Max, they're bound to break up soon. Though Max doesn't seem like the type to say, "it's over, so I'll have to push Brielle to be the one to call it quits."
Annie finished her thought with a soft shake of Murray's neck. "Pretty smart, huh?"
Murray looked down, his voice rough. "You're always the smartest, Miss."
Annie released him and began to rant about Alivia with disdain. "That's what I'm saying they're all so boring. It's just a breakup. Why make it so complicated? They're all useless."
Annie, who shared a passing resemblance to Brielle, sat on a lofty window seat, chewing her gum, a look of confusion in her eyes. "Murray, do you think I could go ahead and seduce Max? He's quite the looker, and it wouldn't be a loss for me, right?"
No one could ever get a bead on Annie's moods. She was fickle. Her affections changed as quickly as her
1/2
15:11
Chapter 686
whims. But when it came to Ricardo, she was consistently drawn to his ruthless streak
Murray's body shuddered at her words. He slowly approached her, knelt on one knee, and took her delicate foot in his hands, pressing it to his chest. "Do you want this now, Miss?"
Her smile stiffened, and her foot brushed against his chest as she considered "Let's role-play then. You be Max, and I'll be Brielle. How about that?"
Murray bowed his head, kissing the top of her foot with reverence, and murmured. "As you wish."
Half an hour later, Brielle's car pulled into the Dorsey International parking lot. She reached the top floor and found Max absent. Even Patrick was nowhere to be seen.
The place was still buzzing with people working overtime, but ever since the staff chat had been disbanded, everyone knew to keep tight-lipped. When they saw Brielle, they remained silent. With no one in sight and calls going unanswered, Brielle's irritation spread like wildfire.
Dorsey International was a dead end, so she had no choice but to retreat to her car. However, her license plate had somehow made it onto the internet, and now Amelia's fans had surrounded her. Amelia, with her carefully crafted public image, had a substantial following. People encircled Brielle, their faces inflamed with righteous indignation.
"Apologize to Amelia! Don't think your title as President of Stellar Stage Entertainment gives you any right to act out! We all know Stellar Stage Entertainment is just a sinking ship!"
"Director Amelia has worked so hard to get where she is, and you, as a fellow woman, have insulted her!"
"Brielle! Make a public apology!"
Brielle was caught in the middle of the crowd. Her expression turned icy
Had she insulted Amelia? It seemed Amelia was stirring up a storm online again.
2
###Chapter 687
Chapter 687
As Amelia's fans swarmed around Brielle, lurking journalists were also in hot pursuit. Brielle's license plate had been leaked online long ago, and in this age of information, there were few secrets left. The route to Dorsey International had been a gauntlet of seemingly endless traffic, with countless eyes peering from behind steering wheels, tracking her every move. Now that Brielle was alone, the more zealous followers saw their chance to confront her. They were practically frothing at the mouth with the opportunity to tear
her to pieces.
Brielle wondered what Amelia had posted online to set off such extreme behavior among her supporters. She was unable to get to her car, no she had no choice but to retront back into the lobby of Dorsey International. Security at Dorsey International was tight, and they weren't about to let this mob inside.
As she sat in the lobby, a receptionist quickly brought over a cup of coffee. Brielle murmured thanks as she watched the fans outside lose their minds, arguing with the security guards.
She rubbed her temples and finally took a moment to check out Amelia's latest post. The post was almost laughable.
Amelia had played her cards right, releasing her own depression diagnosis and several photos of alleged domestic abuse.
John hadn't abused her, so those photos must have been staged with makeup - a smear campaign, plain and simple. Brielle hadn't pegged Amelia for having such cunning.
Amelia was now woman scorned and depressed, standing strong after divorce who wouldn't sympathize with that?
Amelia knew the entertainment industry and how to play the media like a fiddle. In this era, public opinion was a powerful current, sweeping people along in its tide, ready to strike at whomever it was directed against. Amelia had mastered the art of killing with a borrowed knife.
Amelia's latest post didn't outright name Brielle, but the insinuation was clear at the end.
[Since my divorce, I've been trying to escape the shadows of that time. I thought John would disappear from my world, but he's back. I'll continue my treatment, and you don't have to worry. Through my personal experience, I want to advise all single women out there not to get too close to men and not pity them. Instead, let's focus on bettering ourselves, or we'll just end up jealous and fighting over a man who's not worth it during our best years.]
The post was somehow a hit online. The final sentence was a jab at Brielle, suggesting she was causing trouble over jealousy about John.
The outrage on the internet was palpable they wanted nothing more than to confront B her.
throttle
Brielle's car was now out of the question, and she could only watch as the fans attacked it like lunatics. She reported the incident with practiced ease, confident that the surveillance cameras would reveal the culprits who would be footing the bill for damages.
She took a mask from the receptionist, slipped out through a side exit, and hailed a cab. But as the taxi wove through the streets, she found herself unsure of her destination.
The driver glanced in the rearview mirror and asked, "Miss, where are you headed?"
1/2
15:11
N
Chapter way
Belle was about to say the Premier Palace, but something made her pause, a bitter taste forming at the thought the had a meeting with Mason that evening to discuss Book, and heading to Premier Palace would just mean being shackled to her computer again.
Robben her thed eyes, she made her decision. "Pearl Estate, please."
As she looked at the angry crowd outside, her eyes momentarily clouded with doubt before a chill passed through them, the tested Tiffanie to hold off on any action.
ane replied quickly. Why? Amelia's already sicced her fans on you. If one of them gets extreme, you could get hurt)
et the media stom rage brew a bit longer. The wilder the fans get now, the more devastated they'll be when the truth comes out. The woman they idolize claims to shun men and stand strong but actually looks for male company every other night. Let's wall two more days. The media frenzy will peak, and then release the video. Amelia will fall hard.]
Meanwhile, Amelia sat in a private café across from the long-absent Alivia. Alivia stirred her coffee gently, a picture of delicate grace.
Amelia was almost obsequious in her politeness. "Ms. Alivia, look, the internet is tearing Brielle apart. I heard her car got wrecked, too,"
Alivia didn't need to lift a finger against Brielle. Ultimately, Michael had promised that no matter what Brielle achieved, she would never be a part of the Dorsey family.
Michael had shared a secret with her, one that was enough to keep her content to watch from the sidelines. With Annie still pushing hard, all Alivia had to do was stir the pot a little more, and Brielle would crumble under the pressure.
###Chapter 688
Chapter 688
Alivia's face was a canvas of smiles as the corners of her mouth curled up.
"Amelia, that move of yours was quite clever, but I really can't call the shots on the script. Once my brother sells it, there's no turning back For now, you've got to take down Brielle, hit Stellar Stage Entertainment where it hurts, and stall their production. Once the script is back in my brother's hands, then you'll your chance. Alivia said with a wink.
Amelia managed to meet Kenzo by leveraging her connection with Alivia. As the youngest head of the research institute, Alivia's value had skyrocketed. Securing an audience with her was no simple task. Amelia considered herself incredibly lucky. With a simple ask through a friend, Alivia had agreed to pull strings for her
"Now that you've spoken, I won't slack off where Brielle is concerned," Amelin declared with venom. "And to think she's hooked with my ex-husband, the shamelessness of it all!"
The mirth in Alivia's eyes intensified as she set down her spoon. "Right. Once the script is back with Kenzo, I'll convince him to sell it to you."
Amelia had her sights set on Kenzo's script, convinced it was a surefire award-winner and a golden ticket for her own prestige. So, when she learned that Stellar Stage Entertainment had snapped up the script, her blood had boiled.
"But Ms. Alivia, you'll have to watch out for Brielle. She's a loose cannon. I'm worried she might seduce Kenzo. Why else would he sell the script to her?"
Amelia had expected Alivia to panic at her words. Instead, Alivia's response was soft and soothing. "How could she ever be worthy of my brother? I've only encouraged him to lead her on a bit. If he can make her fall for him and then coldly cast her aside, that would be sweet revenge for me. My brother has always been protective of me. He would never let such a woman tarnish the Barnes family name."
Amelia felt relieved. She figured if Kenzo truly fancied Brielle, she wouldn't have the guys to target Stellar Stage Entertainment anymore.
Brielle's lack of solid backing was her downfall. Her only claim to fame was as Spencer's cast-off fiancée. She had not even crossed the threshold of the Dorsey family home before being tossed aside. Amelia smirked at the thought. No matter how pretty the package was, without connections, Brielle was a plaything in the entertainment world. John must have been desperate to partner with someone like her.
Inwardly scoffing, Amelia wished John would remain in his dark corner forever. If John co lane, she'd make sure he and his allies were dragged through the mud. "ay in his
After parting ways with Alivia, Amelia's steps were light with triumph. The more the internet lambasted Brielle, the lighter her heart felt.
Brielle had been so defiant, Amelia had anticipated a counterattack. Yet, silence was all she got. Brielle was probably waiting for the storm to pass.
Amelia wouldn't grant her that peace. The quieter Brielle became, the more Amelia encouraged online trolls to provoke her. Soon, Brielle's social media was flooded with thousands of comments. "Thought you were tough? Now, playing the shrinking turtle, are we?"
1/2
15:11
Chapter 688
A valedictorian? Are you sure you didn't cheat your way to the top?"
"Shame on you for bullying another woman suffering from depression. I'm disgusted. Maybe we should call Beaconsfield College and have them revoke your diploma. They must feel disgraced to claim you as
an alumna."
Brielle's quiet was a stark contrast to the online furor. After a meeting with Mason, she crafted a detailed action plan and sent it his way.
Marveling at her thoroughness, Mason couldn't help but exclaim, "Teaming up with you was the best. decision of my life."
Brielle was drained. She had meticulously analyzed their entry strategy into the market and identified points of a counterattack,
Mason and his team of tech experts trusted her implicitly. They urged her to rest the moment they received her plan, noticing how weary she was. Gone was Brielle's usual vivacity. She only spoke up when it was necessary to correct a misstep. The meeting's usual ease had evaporated.
Afterward, Mason took a moment to check in on Brielle's personal life. "Are you going through a breakup?" he asked, noting the resemblance to his own pre-breakup demeanor.
2/2
###Chapter 689
Chapter 689
But Mason just couldn't fathom why Tiffanie could be no heartiens un to not even pick up the phone. Was she giving him the silent treatment before breaking it off for good? Or had he disappointed her on bed?
It was a touchy subject that he wouldn't dare ask Belle to probe into, He'd have to wait until he could ask Tiffanie face-to-face.
Brielle, upon hearing this, zoned out for a moment, She wasn't exactly heartbroken, but the feeling gnawing at her was uncomfortably close.
The texts she'd sent to Max had all vanished into the ether, and the one she'd sent out two hours ago, as n feeler, still hadn't been answered.
Brielle had really believed that Max liked her, but his current evasion was making her unexpectedly. nervous. Moreover, that scarf she'd seen on Annie only added to her swirling thoughts.
If only Max would give her some kind of sign, she'd be bold enough to fight for him a little harder. But if he truly saw her as just a stand-in, she doubted she'd even have the strength to take another step.
"Brielle, you should really get some rest," Mason advised, noting her pallor. "If there's any news on Book, I'll let you know right away."
Brielle mustered a weak smile. "Thanks, I'll rest up in a bit." Though once they'd hung up, she did little more than sit on the couch, lost in thought.
As the sky outside darkened, and she watched the city lights flicker to life, a familiar loneliness crept over her. She was reminded of the holiday decorations at Premier Palace, the fairy lights that had adorned the place, and the wreath on the door that had brought a sudden sting to her nose.
Just out of a soothing shower, Max, too, was gazing at the shimmering city lights, his mind a whirlpool of thoughts. A lit cigarette dangled loosely from his fingers, the fiery ember nearing bare skin, but he seemed blissfully lost in the distant radiance, unaware of the encroaching burn.
He rarely smoked, only when he was feeling particularly restless. As he lifted his eyes in the midst of the hazy smoke, a flicker of emotion crossed his face, and he closed his eyes halfway in a chilling calm. Patrick entered and stood respectfully behind him. "Sir, I've spoken with Beaconsfield College. They'll release Ms. Brielle's exam details to the public tomorrow," Patrick announced. Max's eyelids twitched, and he acknowledged the news with a detached "Hmm,"
Patrick opened his mouth as if to say something more but thought better of it. A hundred words from him couldn't measure up to a single word from Ms. Brielle. But the problem was, Ms. Br Iking
After multiple calls, she'd hung up each one with a cold finality. She had the energy to confront her fans but couldn't spare a single text message.
Patrick stood silently for a few more minutes before turning to leave, only to hear Max's voice. "Patrick, do you think she wants to break up with me?"
Max had never been in love before, but he knew this much: indifference often heralded the end. This realization made his lips tighten. His expression was as cold as ice.
The cigarette burned to his fingers, finally snapping him back to reality as he stubbed it out in the ashtray.
When he had decided to be with Brielle, the thought of breaking up had never crossed his mind. In his
1/2
15:12
Chapter 689.
mind, being in love meant it was forever.
Patrick was at a loss for words, feeling for the first time that Max didn't deserve this. So he bowed his head, still pectful as ever. "Sir, love doesn't always last a lifetime with the same person. Sometimes, you start off thinking it's right, but as you go along, you realize it's not. You keep going until you find the night one."
It wasn't that Brielle was not good, nor was Max.
Everyone had a gap in their heart like a void letting in the chill of the soul. And that was why people desperately sought another heart to fit perfectly into that space.
Even if Ms. Brielle was as perfect as the sun is round, the jagged, mismatched shape of the hole in Max's heart might mean she just couldn't fill it. It was simply a matter of compatibility.
"I see," Max replied softly, his voice dissipating into the breeze. But from his tone, Patrick could tell he was deeply confused. The Dorsey family had never taught Max how to love or how to sustain a relationship, so he was at a loss.
Love had been endlessly depicted by poets throughout history, seemingly amounting to nothing extraordinary in the end..
"Sir, I believe when you really like someone, you can't bear the thought of them getting hurt."
If Ms. Brielle could make Max feel this lost, then perhaps she didn't like him enough. There was subtlety in Patrick's words, though he didn't spell it out.
1/2
###Chapter 690
Chapter 690
His long eyelashes quivered once more as he bent his hond to light a second cigarette. Through the hazy smoke, Patrick heard him say. "But I don't want us to part ways."
The sense of loss Max fell now seemed trivial compared to the devastation of parting with her. He was a businessman, after all, and when it came to choices, he always knew how to pick the most suitable
one.
Patrick was speechless, silent for a few seconds before blurting out, "Have you fallen for Ms. Brielle?"
Max ticked the ash from his cigarette with a nonchalant gesture that seemed both casual and seductive. "I probably don't know that... thing"
He said 'probably' not definitely!
He never admitted to loving Brielle.
Affection was like a storm brewing in the heart. It often made it easy for him to embrace someone, But love seemed cliché, like a chemical reaction following reproduction. It felt dizzying at the start and then faded away, leaving nothing but a trail of failed marriages.
None of the Dorseys' marriages were happy. Didn't Victoria love Everett? Didn't Faith love Ryan? That was how cheap and selfish love was.
"I just like having Brielle around, it's like...
Max couldn't think of a good comparison. He initially thought of saying it was like having a v
well-behaved pet, but comparing Brielle to a pet seemed disrespectful. After all, in their circles, pets were just tools to be ordered about and discarded at will.
But he had never thought of her that way. He liked Brielle's boldness, her shyness, her openness. This 'pet' only showed her soft belly in front of him, blushing at his every word. Even when he had her pinned beneath him in bed, she was so compliant it was unreal, letting him do as he pleased.
He lost interest in smoking, crushing the half-burnt cigarette out. Patrick knew it was bedtime, so he tactfully turned and left.
Max cleared the air of smoke before lying down in bed. Brielle's scent lingered faintly on the sheets. It was not strong enough to lift his spirits, but it deepened his sense of loss.
He did like Brielle, but her affection probably didn't even measure up to half of his own.
Well, let it be.
Brielle herself didn't sleep well, having gone through an entire day of busyness without eating. Her stomach ached throughout the night, and she tossed and turned. When she awoke, daylight flooded the
room.
She was about to get out of bed when a sharp pain in her stomach struck. She quickly swallowed a couple of antacids, then clutched her stomach and slumped onto the sofa, waiting for the pain to subside. Her phone was abuzz with notifications. With one hand over her stomach and the other holding her phone, she scrolled through them. Her newly created Twitter account had exploded with comments overnight.
"Shameless! John's script is a rip-off of Amelia's, and Stellar Stage Entertainment is backing this trash!"
1/2
15:12.
Chapter 650
Boycott Stellar Stage Entertainment! Boycott Brielle! Boycott John!"
"Domestic abuse, infidelity, plagiarism-Stellar Stage Entertainment and John can go to hell!"
"Everyone at Stellar Stage Entertainment is garbage!"
"Brielle and John are having an affair. Maybe she's the one he cheated with. Go to hell, home wrecker!"
Brielle's frown deepened as she opened Amelia's page to find a new post.
"Just learned my ex-husband might have taken my script. I'll provide evidence this afternoon, and Ms. Brielle said she'd serve me court papers-where are they? Stellar Stage Entertainment, wait for your day
in
court."
If the public decided Stellar Stage Entertainment's debut script was stolen from Amelia, it would be the end for them-there was no coming back. Amelia was intent on dragging both Brielle and Stellar Stage Entertainment through the mud, down into the sewers!
Brielle's gaze hardened. She had planned to deal with Amelia in a couple of days, but Amelia was making bold moves. Taking a deep breath, Brielle noticed a text from the police station and promptly returned the call.
she
The officer on the line said they had identified the fan who had vandalized her car and asked how s wanted to proceed.
"The damages should be paid for, or 11l sue."
*Ms. Brielle, the perpetrator is a student. She likely doesn't have the means to pay and comes from a challenging background-her father works in construction, and her mother's ill, with a hospital debt of over two hundred thousand
Brielle cut him off. "I'm not concerned with the offender's background. I'm only protecting my legal rights within the scope of the law. If hardship becomes a tool for leniency, what justice does the law serve?"
2/2
###Chapter 691
Chapter 691
The silence on the other end of the line was palpable before the police officer let out a sigh. "Alright, we'll pass on your message to the girl."
It wasn't that Brielle was heartless. She was simply tired of society's leniency toward criminals. Every time a heinous act was committed, the public would delve into the perpetrator's backstory.
It was always, "Look, his folks had a rocky marriage. That's why he resented society."
"He grew up too poor to afford a decent meal. That's why he despised the wealthy."
"His wife cheated on him and ran off with his dough. That's why he targeted other women."
Crime is crime. The moment the student swung that rock, nothing else mattered.
After hanging up on the police, Brielle popped an antacid, changed her clothes, and prepared to tackle the uproar online.
In no time, public opinion had exploded. The doors of Stellar Stage Entertainment were swarmed with fans blockading the entrance. Anyone who passed was pelted with trash.
Brielle couldn't abandon Stellar Stage Entertainment. Initially, it was merely a business deal with Michael, but those hopeful faces that trusted her deserved more than her cowering at home. Besides, it was her decision to involve John, and she had drawn this hatred upon herself.
She quickly got ready. Her car was trashed, so she had no choice but to hail a cab outside. But as she stepped out, a young girl rushed towards her and dropped to her knees. "Ms. Brielle, I'm truly sorry, please forgive me. My family really can't afford this."
Brielle frowned, not recognizing the girl at first. Then the girl began to cry. "I didn't mean to smash your car. I'm truly sorry. Please don't ruin me, okay?"
Brielle's frown deepened. After a moment of confusion, her heart grew cold. Was this her way of asking for mercy?
Brielle's expression was icy as she looked down at the girl. "Pleading with me won't help."
"Ms. Brielle! I'm only seventeen. Are you really going to watch me die? How can you be so cruel?"
Brielle took a deep breath, her lips curling into a faint smile. "If you're still a student, then I suggest you go back to your teacher and learn some manners. Had you spoken from the heart today, I wouldn't have asked for a dime for that car. But you seem to plead while you threaten, and I will not agree. If you think your death will threaten me, then I have nothing to say and certainly won't stop you."
"Brielle! You're heartless! You'll get what's coming to you!"
After Brielle disappeared around the corner, the girl's tears vanished as she turned to the car parked nearby. "Did you get it? Is it all on tape?"
"We got it, we got it. Let's edit the footage and post it online."
The girl's face was smug. "Hmph, I'll not only smash her car, but I'll also make her beg me. That's the way to avenge Amelia!"
Ten minutes later, the edited video and dialogue hit the internet, quickly racking up over a million shares. Brielle's name was trending, followed by a barrage of insults.
1/2
15:12
Chapter 691
The video showed the girl on her knees, crying and begging Brielle. Key parts of the conversation were omitted, making it highly unfavorable to Brielle.
"Please, don't ruin me, okay?"
"Pleading with me won't help."
"Ms. Briellel I'm only seventeen. Are you really going to watch me die?"
The stark contrast between the girl's pitiful cries and Brielle's Indifference was striking. One was kneeling. the other standing, as if the dignity and life of an ordinary girl were nothing but disposable trash.
Brielle was a monster!
Upon seeing the video, the enraged public swarmed Stellar Stage Entertainment, hurling rocks inside and causing the receptionist to scream in terror. Stellar Stage Entertainment and Brielle became targets of public outrage!
In the midst of this chaos, Amelia's lawsuit arrived, Unlike Brielle's empty threats, Amelia was a woman of action. Compared to Amella's transparent and self-reliant nature, Brielle was nothing but despicable, "Boycott Stellar Stage Entertainment!"
"Boycott all artists from Stellar Stage Entertainment!"
"Boycott John!"
Outside Stellar Stage Entertainment, the crowd chanted slogans, furiously waving their metaphorical pitchforks, ready to sentence Stellar Stage Entertainment to its demise.
15
###Chapter 692
Chapter 692
Brielle's taxi pulled up outside the towering edifice of Stellar Stage Entertainment to find a throng of people already crowding the entrance. Reporters were broadcasting live, their cameras pointed at the chaos. It was a blockade, utterly impenetrable.
The driver, catching sight of the bedlam, couldn't help but exclaim, "This company's the devil incarnate, I tell ya. Heard the big boss is forcing some poor girl to her demise. Utterly wicked"
Brielle, masked to avoid recognition, had now realized that the situation with Stellar Stage Entertainment had gone citywide in no time. She had the driver circle the building, but everywhere was swamped with frenzied fans, held back only by the burly security guards who were preventing what seemed like an
imminent not.
Rubbing her temples, she resignedly gave the driver Tiffanie's address. As soon as they reached Tiffanie's apartment building. Brielle's phone began to ring. It was an unfamiliar number. A sense of foreboding washed over her. She hesitated before finally answering just as it was about to disconnect.
Michael's voice came through, terse and unamused. "It looks like you've messed up."
He was referring to her promise to skyrocket Stellar Stage Entertainment's performance within six
months. The company's reputation was now in the gutter, worse than ever before.
Stellar Stage Entertainment used to be off the radar, but now it's the town pariah. Forget about profits. The stock's barely staying afloat.
"Brielle, you've lost." His tone was icy, but Brielle could detect a hint of pleasure. "I'll give you a sum of money. Leave Beaconsfield."
Already on edge from a spat with Max, Brielle's stubbornness surged at Michael's words. "Michael, the game isn't over yet."
He raised an eyebrow, his voice dripping with condescension, "Without Max, what chance do you have? Face it, Brielle, you and Max were never meant to be."
"If I were the type to accept my fate, I would've starved on the streets as a child. I've come this far because I never gave up.
Her tone was even, devoid of emotion. She paid the driver with cash from her purse and looked up at Tiffanie's residence.
"The universe hasn't settled yet, Michael. There's always uncertainty."
A chill flickered in Michael's eyes. He detested the defiance of those from the lower rungs of society. To him, the world's wealth and power belonged to the elite, and despite Brielle's tenacity, her origins were her shackles.
Economists termed the chances of social mobility as a measure of hope for the underprivileged. High mobility meant a chance for the poor, most people like Brielle clung to that hope. But in a stable, developing country, social mobility inevitably dwindled.
Beaconsfield was one such place where mobility was scarce, its resources and connections cemented within an exclusive circle. For Brielle to climb out of this quagmire was nigh impossible. Michael had no more words to waste. "Stellar Stage Entertainment is under Dorsey International, and this mess won't leave us unscathed. We can handle the fallout if you step down now."
1/2
15:12
Chapter 692
"I haven't lost yet, Michael." With that, Brielle hung up first.
Michael, staring into the silent phone, was shrouded in darkness. He managed to held his composure and turned his attention back to the news on TV
When Brielle found Tiffanie, she was on her way out. Her face lit up at Brielle's arrival. "I was about to look for you. What's our next move?"
Brielle shrugged, "Give me the USB stick."
Tiffanie quickly handed it over, along with her laptop. The video on the stick showed Arnelia, not as the iron lady she was known to be but cooing vile sweet nothings to two men clinging to her. Their conversation got more repulsive by the moment.
Brielle smirked. This footage was gold.
Tiffanie was pacing, anxious. "Do we release it now? Stellar Stage Entertainment's about to be torn apart
as it is!"
Instead of releasing it right away, Brielle anonymously leaked a message within Stellar Stage Entertainment. [Looking to buy shares at $50 a pop. Interested parties, get in touch.]
The number she left was foreign, free from local tracking, and untraceable to Mason. With the company's stock plummeting, the offer was a godsend for shareholders. Yet, some questioned the legitimacy of the deal. With Stellar Stage Entertainment in the eye of the storm, why would anyone offer such a price for its shares? What was the buyer's angle?
###Chapter 693
Chapter 693
The offer of $50 per share was simply irresistible Given the current circumstances, the stocks of Stellar Stage Entertainment being held would soon become worthless paperweights. But if the current shareholders sold now, they could still pocket a tidy sum
Once the first shareholder reached out, others quickly followed.
Brielle sent a message to Mason, instructing him to get the funds ready. Mason was her most trusted ally. never one to question her choices. After all, their company had just completed a multi-billion dollar funding round. The amount Brielle needed was chump change in comparison.
In less than an hour, all shares of Stellar Stage Entertainment were snapped up by an enigmatic buyer, giving her complete control of the company.
The takeover happened so swiftly that by the time Michael wanted to intervene, it was already too late.
To call the mysterious buyer an opportunist was a stretch. They had offered a fair price, especially considering the stocks were on the brink of collapse. The timing was impeccable, leaving not a single shareholder indifferent.
With this mysterious entity holding absolute control, Dorsey International's influence over Stellar Stage Entertainment was now at the mercy of this new owner. A company wholly owned by one person didn't need to listen to anyone else's advice.
Tiffanie watched Brielle's maneuvers in stunned silence. She didn't know whether to call her bold or
meticulous.
The outside world was in uproar-anyone else would've been scrambling to turn the tables by now. But not Brielle. Instead, she used this time to secure absolute control over Stellar Stage Entertainment. Tiffanie watched her calmly making calls, arranging her next moves with a serene confidence in her eyes. For a moment, Tiffanie thought she was looking at Maxie.
If Brielle wasn't perfect for Maxie, then who was?
Maxie was the epitome of excellence in Tiffanie's eyes, beyond words. Brielle was equally outstanding. which made their relationship like a clash of titans, but even titans could have affection for one another. Even if they were to fall apart in the future, that would also be borne of affection.
Once they were together, no one else could come between them.
Tiffanie didn't interrupt Brielle's strategy session but continued to monitor the news online. She was nearly livid with anger. That girl who had kneeled to Brielle had made an account and was heaping thanks on Amelia, claiming Amelia had covered her parents' medical bills and helped them through tough times. She was portraying Amelia as a saintly figure.
With this as a backdrop, the video circulating online made Brielle look monstrous.
That bitch! Tiffanie wished she could confront Amelia right then and there to give her a piece of her mind. She managed to contain her fury and, while Brielle wasn't looking, sneakily texted Maxie, [Brielle's being dragged through the mud. Aren't you going to do something, Uncle?]
[Hmm.]
Tiffanie stared at the message, unsure if it meant he would intervene or not. Could they have had a fight?
1/2
15:12
Chapter nu
But Brielle was working so hard for that so-called six-month agreement-how could Maxie fight with her
HOW?
Tiffanie had to admit she was somewhat bewitched by Brielle's charm and secretly wished for such a woman to be her aunt-in-law.
[She's mad at me.] Clearly, if he intervened, Brielle might only grow angrier.
Tittanie had a whole spiel prepared to persuade him, but that message gave her pause.
People tread carefully because they care.
The online controversy was explosive, with Brielle's name plastered all over the trending searches. The crowd outside Stellar Stage Entertainment was growing, and the unruly among them continued to pelt the building with stones.
The company had called the police, who were now present, but the angry mob showed no signs of dispersing
Inside, the Stellar Stage Entertainment staff was on edge, hoping against hope that Brielle would show up-she was their pillar, their source of hope. But Brielle was nowhere to be seen, and the executives were out of the loop.
Some of the more timid ones had already started to cry.
"Why hasn't Ms. Haywood come yet? I...is she unaware?"
"Stop crying. Trust her. She'll have a plan," one tried to reassure.
"It's not that I don't trust her. It's just that I'm... scared."
The group was mostly young artists who had chosen to stay with Stellar Stage Entertainment. Now, they all shared a bitter taste of fear.
They were young and unable to hide their worries. A heavy silence fell over them. Ms. Haywood wouldn't abandon them, would she?
###Chapter 694
Chapter 694
The social media storm surrounding Stellar Stage Entertainment and Beaconsfield College was a force to be reckoned with. Hundreds of thousands of comments bombarded the college's official Twitter page, each one screaming for the institution to revoke Brielle's degree. "A student like that is an embarrassment to Beaconsfield College!" they cried out in digital uproar.
Despite the online frenzy, Beaconsfield College, a titan in the academic rankings, remained silent, biding its time.
Behind closed doors, the college's leadership-many of whom had climbed the ranks from professorship-convened in urgent meetings. Those who had taught Brielle held a fondness for the bright and diligent student. To them, her brilliance was not simply intelligence but raw talent.
Effort determined one's lower limits, but talent set the ceiling.
Dorsey International was backing them and had insisted that the college stand by Brielle. The faculty's resolve only hardened. They would protect this exceptional pupil at all costs. So, as the Twitter feed descended into chaos, the college focused instead on compiling Brielle's impressive academic record, ready to silence the critics with cold, hard facts.
Meanwhile, at Stellar Stage Entertainment, the tension was palpable. Silence had fallen in the dance studio, where artists usually honed their craft. Donny walked among them, feeling the weight of their collective despair. He sighed and rallied them with a few choice words. "Keep practicing, folks. Put your faith in Ms. Haywood."
Donny's belief in Brielle was unshakable. Despite their brief acquaintance, he was convinced she had a plan up her sleeve, that her silence was just the calm before the storm.
"Ms. Haywood won't let Stellar Stage down. She won't abandon us."
His simple words rekindled a spark within the despondent group. A young woman wiped away her tears and stood tall, her voice breaking the silence. "Ms. Haywood got rid of that boss who used to bully me. I trust her! She'll pull us through!"
The others were inspired. They rose to their feet and resumed their routines as if the outside world's anger didn't exist. Their dreams and beliefs slowly took root once more, and Donny watched with a nod, confident in the resilience of these young talents-and Ms. Haywood's loyalty to them.
Outside, the vitriol continued unabated. Online, the hateful comments persisted. Nearly a million comments piled up beneath Brielle's social media posts, yet she remained silent.
Amelia watched the chaos unfold with a smirk barely concealed. "This is what happens when you cross me," she thought. "People like
Brielle, like John, belong at the bottom."
She let out a cold laugh. It was clear that Kenzo's script was soon to be back in her possession. Brielle desired the script, but she seemed to have forgotten to check if she even had the capability to handle it. Beside Amelia sat a youthful male artist, her new of fascination. Given her uplifting mood, she planned on spending some 'quality time' with him in the master bedroom.
Their clothes had barely hit the floor when shouts echoed from outside the room. "Ms. Amelia! Something is wrong!"
A wave of annoyance washed over Amelia as she slipped a robe over her body and rose from the bed. "What's wrong now?! Isn't everything going according to my plan?!" "Check online right now!"
F. Fàs
The distress displayed by her secretary gave Amelia pause and, with a sense of apprehension, she clicked on the trending news.
Brielle had posted on social media half an hour ago.
[Amelia's portrayal of herself is intriguing. Is she really a man-phobic, hardworking woman? Everyone in the industry knows about her wild parties and explicit videos with men. Be careful, Amelia, you never know who has copies of those scandalous videos.]
Before this revelation, a video of Amelia had already made it to the trending topics. It was a video of her with a man, two men, countless men. If it were just pictures, she could have claimed they were fabricated, but the videos showed it all in high definition. The words, the faces, the gestures; it was unmistakably her.
"Amelia, did your ex-husband really cheat on you?"
"He's too dense to cheat."
"Did he really mistreat you?"
"No, but under those circumstances, if I say he's abusive, then he is."
"Amelia, you're really wicked. You're nothing like what people say about you."
Every word, every frame was incriminating. Her die-hard fans fell silent upon witnessing the undeniable evidence.
John hadn't cheated or abused. Then why did Amelia levy such accusations against him?
After the initial status, Brielle posted again.
1/2
10:32
Chapter 694
[We have obtained the rights for the script John is currently filming. Plagiarism would've hindered our application. Here, take a look at the property rights. Amelia, you claimed we stole yours, so where's your proof?]
###Chapter 695
Chapter 695
Just after Brielle posted her second update on the situation, she hit the internet with a third, this time a video. The clip played out the entire conversation Brielle had with the fan who had knelt before her. The truth was as clear as day - the video that had sparked the outrage was maliciously edited.
[She wrecked my car, so she should pay for it. Is being broke suddenly an excuse? When I didn't forgive her, she started slinging mud ofiline, even deliberately posting misleading videos to incite cyberbullying against me. I've handed all evidence to the police, and I won't give up on holding her accountable.]
The video was unambiguous about what had happened, capturing their exchange and even the moment when the fan asked her accomplice if they got the footage, plotting to get back at Amelia. Three posts, three pieces of evidence, and the internet mobs were silenced, with Amella left without a leg to stand on.
Amelia watched helplessly as the online world exploded, but this time, it was not at Brielle but at her. It was over; everything had crumbled. How could things have turned out this way?
She felt her knees buckle, dropping to the floor in despair.
Those who had exposed Brielle were now blushing with embarrassment, wishing they could just vanish into thin air.
The mob that had been hounding Stellar Stage Entertainment couldn't even look each other in the eye. They scurried away with their tails between their legs. They had been defending such a woman one with a scandalous private life who slandered her ex-husband and poached his resources. They had been unwitting pawns in her game.
The shame was unbearable!
At this pivotal moment, John logged into his Twitter for the first time in years. His feed was still flooded with new messages, the vitriolic residue from the days he had stepped away from the spotlight. Like rabid dogs, they had never let go.
Those hateful messages had haunted him, so much so that he had avoided his account for years. But now, he was ready to return with his head held high. [I'm back. Thanks to Stellar Stage Entertainment and Ms. Haywood. Grateful for the new beginnings.]
John's loyal fans, who had been waiting for his comeback, were moved to tears. They had been powerless back then, insisting John was incapable of the abuse and infidelity he was accused of. Unfortunately, their voices were drowned out by the chorus of slander. Their talented director had been forced into an ignoble retreat.
They had never lost faith, always believing John would return to filmmaking. Now, their wish had come true.
"I'm crying so hard. That wicked woman is finally getting her comeuppance!"
"John, we never left. I've watched your movies over and over."
"Thank you, Stellar Stage Entertainment. Thank you, Brielle."
Everyone noticed. John had truly returned after being absent for years. No finger-pointing and no kicking Amelia while she was down, just simple gratitude.
Only after lying in the mire did one understand how hard it was to stand again.
Gratitude was John's only sentiment.
Meanwhile, Beaconsfield College's official account stepped into the fray, addressing the public's skepticism and revealing Brielle's admission scores, her grades in each subject, and even her thesis defense video.
[At the request of the public, we are disclosing the academic records and thesis defense video of our alumna, Ms. Brielle. Throughout her time here, she maintained the top GPA in her class and represented our college as an exchange student for a year, earning excellent marks. Ms. Brielle has always been an exemplary member of our alumni.]
At the end of their statement, the college quoted a line from "The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind."
[The individuals in the crowd are prone to be swayed by intense sentiment and false images, believing what they would never accept under the dominion of reason.]
If Brielle's reply to the press had been, deemed too direct, Beaconsfield College's statement was even more so. Using 'The Crowd' to satirize irrational netizens undoubtedly hit a nerve.
3 ES = FFS I
This was Beaconsfield College - a top institution, a dream for many from a young age, and this was the first time the college had taken such a public stand to defend someone. Those who had wanted Beaconsfield to revoke Brielle's degree were instantly silenced.
The college had revealed her entrance scores - top of the admission exam. Her GPA - top of the class in a highly competitive environment. Her thesis defense an impeccable example of academic excellence.
How could anyone demand her degree be revoked over mere dissatisfaction?
###Chapter 696
Chapter 696
The tide had turned so swiftly, and the evidence was so overwhelming it left the online crowd at a loss for words. The flood of information was just too much to process all at once.
An hour later, Amelia was being raked over the coals online, enduring the vitriol previously directed at Brielle a hundredfold.
Brielle, for her part, was unbothered by the chatter. She was touched by the official statement from Beaconsfield College, her atma mater. Without hesitation, she retweeted the post with a brief, heartfelt note- [Thank you, Beaconsfield College.]
With that done, she continued to unveil her next move by sharing a court subpoena. [As for the slander and defamation Ms. Amelia has spread about me online, I've pressed charges, and the police are on it. You said you haven't received a subpoena. Well, it's been in my hands, waiting. As you wished, it's now on its way to you.]
Brielle's series of updates came hard and fast, leaving Amelia reeling and defenseless. The evidence was irrefutable, nobody could accuse Brielle of playing dirty. And now, nobody dared to speak ill of her. After all, what was there to criticize?
She hadn't forgiven the fan who damaged her car, but her response had been reasonable-she wouldn't be morally blackmailed by someone seeking a favor.
Even Beaconsfield College stepped in to defend her, proudly displaying her stellar academic record, which left everyone in awe.
Here was an outstanding woman, unfairly maligned as a villain, a slut. A true evildoer had masqueraded as an independent woman.
The irony was not lost on anyone, and the college's use of the phrase "mob mentality" seemed particularly apt in reminding the public of their misjudgment.
What had escalated into a fierce online battle by day had fizzled out by nightfall. It had begun with a bang and ended just as dramatically.
Brielle had stayed with Tiffanie all day, not eating a thing, and was now overwhelmed by exhaustion. She rubbed her temples wearily and stood up. "It's over. I'm going to check on Stellar Stage Entertainment." Tiffanie nodded, offering a reminder, "Take care of yourself. And while you're focusing on Stellar Stage Entertainment, don't forget about your relationship with Maxie. You came here for him, after all. Don't lose sight of what's important."
Brielle stiffened at the mention of Max, a bitter smile touching her lips. The day had brought her a resounding victory and even full control of Stellar Stage Entertainment, yet she felt no joy. The reason was precisely what Tiffanie had pointed out-success in her career but disappointment in love.
"I know," she replied.
Tiffanie didn't dwell on the subject. She trusted that Brielle, being smart, would know how to balance her priorities.
Descending to the ground floor, Brielle took a deep breath and coughed as the chilly night air caught her throat. She pulled out her phone
and dialed Max's number.
No answer.
She sent a message. No reply.
Her eyes briefly reddened, and she sniffled. It wasn't that she wanted to neglect Max. She was trying, but he was giving her the cold shoulder.
Upon returning to Stellar Stage Entertainment, her expression was still gloomy, a clear sign of her inner turmoil.
Inside the building, a janitor was sweeping up broken glass. Brielle instructed a nearby worker, "Get someone to replace the window. Anything else that's broken should be replaced, too. Just get the budget from the finance department."
The name Brielle had become synonymous with resilience.
"Will do, Ms. Haywood," came the prompt response.
Brielle nodded and made her way to the top floor. Donny's eyes lit up at her arrival. "Ms. Haywood!"
But after noticing Brielle's somber mood, he quickly subdued his excitement. "Ms. Haywood, thank you."
She entered her office and inquired about everyone else.
"They're good. Everyone was scared at first, but they've settled down now."
"It's been tough," she acknowledged.
"You've had it the toughest, Ms. Haywood. Oh, and there's one more thing. The director I've contacted has agreed to take on our project. He's willing to cast from our pool of talent at Stellar Stage Entertainment for all roles except the lead actor. He's got someone in mind for that and won't budge on it."
Brielle massaged her temples, knowing Donny wouldn't stress over a director unless he was truly talented. Now that the director had made a request, Stellar Stage Entertainment ought to accommodate it as much as possible.
10:32
"Donny, go ahead and firm up the other leads and supporting roles. As for the male lead, let's hold off on that. I need some time to think of a solution."
Donny's eyes brimmed with excitement, finding comfort in Brielle's words. Stellar Stage Entertainment had weathered the storm. And soon, they would be soaring to new heights. With John's movie paving the way and this new project in the wings, it wouldn't be long before their doubters were silenced.
"Okay, okay, Ms. Haywood. You rest, and I'll get right on the casting."
###Chapter 697
Chapter 697
Donny was practically bouncing off the walls with excitement, his energy infectious as he handpicked the best candidates in less than half an hour. He pushed open the door and found Brielle lost in thought, staring blankly at the computer screen. He called out softly,
hesitant to startle her
"Ms. Haywood?"
It was puzzling. The crisis at Stellar Stage Entertainment had been resolved, and the company's reputation was on the mend. Why, then, did Ms. Haywood seem so downcast?
Brielle glanced up, quickly composing herself, and resumed her cool, collected demeanor.
"Something on your mind, Ms. Haywood?"
Rubbing the bridge of her nose, Brielle shook her head. "No, have you finished the casting?"
"Yeah, these are the actors I've chosen-the ones who stuck around. They're all top-notch, clear-headed folk."
Brielle skimmed the files and was pleased. These faces could stand up to the scrutiny of the big screen.
"Donny, have them each play a part, then send me the footage. I'll review it when I can."
After all, the final say still rested in Brielle's hands.
Relief washed over Donny as he registered Brielle's engagement. He bit his lip, barely containing his enthusiasm. "I'll get right on it."
Brielle waved him off, eager to get back to work, but then Donny posed a new question.
"Ms. Haywood, who should we send to Dorsey International to deliver Stellar Stage Entertainment's annual report?"
Despite being a small subsidiary, Stellar Stage Entertainment had protocols to follow, especially with the new year rolling in, which included presenting the year's plans to the Dorsey International headquarters.
Previous managers had treated this task with indifference and sent digital reports, while Dorsey International had taken a laissez-faire approach to its subsidiary, but times had changed. After a day of battling public scorn and achieving a miraculous turnaround, Stellar Stage Entertainment undoubtedly caught the attention of Dorsey International's executives. A slipshod report might now provoke their dissatisfaction.
While Donny knew Brielle had powerful connections at Dorsey International, the extent of those connections was unclear to him, prompting his cautious reminder.
Brielle's hand, which had been massaging her forehead, paused at Donny's words. In truth, Stellar Stage Entertainment could now operate independently of Dorsey International, with the majority of shares in Brielle's possession. Brielle's overseas companies could fund Stellar Stage Entertainment if necessary.
But to do so would sever ties with Dorsey International-a move Brielle was not yet ready to make. Even if the connection with Max was as tenuous as a spider's thread, Brielle clung to it, wary of letting it snap. The executives, who had been eagerly awaiting their moment outside, burst into the room as though on cue. They were thrilled, barely containing their excitement, certain that Stellar Stage Entertainment was destined for greatness.
"Ms. Haywood, I could personally deliver the report to Dorsey International."
"Yes, Ms. Haywood, there's no need for you to be bothered with
trivial matters."
These were the same executives who had once tried to expose Brielle at Dorsey International, only to learn of her stronghold, which was none other than the CEO of Dorsey International himself. Max, known for his stoic exterior, had shown Brielle an unexpected tenderness, wrapping her in his arms. There were even rumors of a passionate morning encounter in the company corridor. The executives, barely containing their glee, saw this as a golden opportunity to curry favor with Max. A few well-placed compliments could mean promotions, raises, and a fast-track to the top of their
careers.
They were each lost in their daydreams when Brielle stood up. "I'll go myself."
The executives hesitated, then rationalized that perhaps she just wanted to see Max-after all, young love was impatient. They nodded understandingly, no longer vying for the assignment.
After Brielle's departure, Donny eyed the sycophantic executives with disdain. Since being rebuffed by Brielle and voluntarily offering financial penance to appease her, their behavior had been acceptable, but their fawning was difficult to stomach.
"What's all this about?" Donny inquired, curious despite his distaste for their fair-weather loyalty. He was eager to understand what had transpired during their visit to Dorsey International that had caused such a drastic shift in their attitudes. Their expressions were smug, as if privy to a secret wisdom.
1/2
10:33
"Donny, my friend, you wouldn't understand. When you reach our level, it all becomes clear. Just stick with Ms. Haywood, and you'll reap the benefits."
"Yes, we've picked the right side. What a day of vindication! Stellar Stage Entertainment is on the rise, no doubt about it."
Of course, with the wife of the CEO at the helm, how dim could the future of Stellar Stage Entertainment possibly be?
###Chapter 698
Chapter 698
Despite not being fond of the group, Donny couldn't help but agree with their sentiment. He believed Stellar Stage Entertainment was set for stardom under Ms. Haywood's guidance.
A smile crept onto his face unbidden. "Ms. Haywood's got game, for sure. If anyone can turn the tide, it's her. Plus, she's got a heart for the crew. I'm all in on trusting her."
The others eyed Donny's expression and let out a knowing sigh.
"It's not just that, kid. You don't get it, do you? Well, we do. From now on, if Ms. Haywood says jump, we won't even think about sitting."
In Brielle's absence, their loyalties blew as freely as dandelion seeds in the wind. Feeling out of place among them, Donny excused himself and left.
The remaining group shared a look, their faces alight with aspiration. They had contacts at Dorsey International, which was how they received the photo of Mr. Dorsey kissing Brielle so promptly. Although they were aware of Mr. Dorsey's special treatment of Brielle, they couldn't gauge the depth of their relationship. After all, despite her talents and looks, Brielle wasn't born with a silver spoon - a significant disadvantage when mingling with high society. While there were tales of stars bridging the class divide, their marriages often seemed less than joyful once the novelty wore off. The young heirs would eventually replace their starry-eyed brides with fresher faces, leaving their wives to suffer in silence, bound by pride and the absence of a powerful lineage.
But Max and the Dorsey family weren't your run-of-the-mill elites, and he was far from ordinary. Despite the liberal overseas tabloid culture, he had remained scandal-free without so much as a girlfriend. And while there had been whispers about him and Miss Alivia, nothing concrete had ever surfaced.
However, with Brielle, the public displays of affection were undeniable. They were convinced she was destined to be Max's wife, and they were eager to ride her coattails to glory.
Unaware of their scheming, Brielle had gathered the necessary documents. It was time to see Max. His silence over text, his refusal to answer calls - even Patrick's - and his absence from Dorsey International left her with no choice but to avoid the Premier Palace.
Brielle entered her car with a heavy heart and drove to Dorsey International, parking an hour later. She ascended to the top floor, but she ran into Annie as the elevator doors opened.
Annie, clutching a stack of documents, looked surprised to see Brielle. "Looking for Max? He's not here. We're about to head out for a business lunch with the CEO of InnovTech Solutions. Dorsey International is looking to partner up. Max is down in the parking garage, ready to leave. I just came to grab some papers."
The timing couldn't have been worse for Brielle.
"Ms. Brielle, maybe give Max a call? Or you can come with me to the garage."
"No, I'll wait in his office," she replied, masking the bitterness of being avoided.
"Alright, I'll let Max know about it. Given that today's gathering is rather important, you might want to give him a call if it gets late,"
Brielle couldn't tell Annie that Max was declining her calls, so she only replied with a "Thank you."
Annie and Ricardo were natural actors, effortlessly slipping into character. There was an eerie conviction with which they carried their performances. So much so, they would often blur the lines between actor and character.
Annie smiled at Brielle before excusing herself, "I'll head out first then."
Brielle responded with a nod, then shifted her gaze away. She made her way to Max's office. It was done up in monochrome tones, an aesthetic that conveyed a bleak loneliness.
To avoid the disappointment of not finding him there again, Brielle found herself dialing Wesley's number for some assurance. Wesley confirmed that Max had been keeping late hours at the office recently, often working well into the night. This reassured Brielle, and she eased herself onto the sofa, much more relaxed now.
###Chapter 699
Chapter 699
Max was indeed heading out to schmooze that evening, with Patrick behind the wheel and Annie perched in the passenger seat. Arnie had initially planned to sit in the back with Max, but after Patrick coughed subtly, she took the hint and gracefully slid into the shotgun position.
Max settled into the backseat alone, quietly flipping through the documents needed for InnovTech Solutions. His phone lay beside him as if in wait for a message.
After the day's events, he even had Patrick set him up with a Twitter account. It was his first foray into the world of social media, and while he had meant to defend Brielle in a tweet, Patrick had advised against it. The chaos of the day was too much, and those vile Tweets were attacking Brielle's personal life. If he stepped into the fray, it would only tarnish her further.
His account wasn't verified, so no one knew he was the CEO of Dorsey International. Even his username was a jumble of characters.
After reviewing the documents for a while, Max checked his Twitter.
Upon signing up, the platform auto-followed a bunch of accounts. Frowning slightly, he unfollowed each one meticulously, and then he found Brielle's profile and hit follow.
Seeing that '1' in his following list lifted his spirits, but then, a wave of inexplicable melancholy washed over him. He suppressed the feeling, returning his attention to the documents in his hands and setting his phone aside.
Patrick, driving up front, wasn't entirely used to having a female secretary around, as Max's entourage had always been exclusively male.
But Annie was discreet and never tried to seduce the boss like some other women. She was competent, often quietly working on her doctoral thesis as if soaking up real-world experience from the job. Besides, the professor had personally recommended Annie to Max, and she performed flawlessly, leaving not even the slightest error for Patrick to pick at. He had grown accustomed to her presence. Especially with what happened just now, he coughed, and Annie promptly moved upfront, clearly not interested in any extracurricular relationship with Max. Patrick found that agreeable.
The car was silent, save for the sound of Max's fingers turning the pages of his documents. The dinner with InnovTech Solutions went smoothly. As they were wrapping up, the CEO of InnovTech received a call from his wife. He quickly excused himself with an apologetic smile. "Mr. Dorsey, I need to take this call. My apologies."
4
Max nodded, distant but polite, watching as the man stepped away to whisper, "I'm out for dinner with Mr. Dorsey from Dorsey International. What would you like? Alright, I'll bring it home later. You're not getting fat. How could you possibly get fat?"
After hanging up, the CEO seemed somewhat sheepish. "Ten years of marriage, and I get an earful every time I'm homw late. Mr. Dorsey, being single like you has its perks, doesn't it?"
Patrick sat beside Max and didn't miss the deep envy in his gaze, as restrained as the man himself. It seemed that even someone as distinguished as Max could harbor envy for others. Perhaps this was his first real taste of sour and bitter envy. It was impossible to hide it in his eyes.
The dinner ended with Max having a few drinks, just enough to feel a light buzz. The InnovTech CEO took another call from his wife, explaining and laughing helplessly. "I'll be home soon, just another half hour. It's just finished. The same flavor as last time, right?"
EFFE ZOF
Max stood still, the night breeze cool against his skin. He pulled out his phone and scrolled to Brielle's number, contemplating a call but fearing she might still not answer.
The prospect of another rejection seemed even more disheartening than his current state of solitude. He felt an itch in his throat, the old urge to smoke creeping back.
###Chapter 700
Chapter 700
"Max, are you heading home?" Annie asked her eyes gleaming with a subtle light as she stood behind Patrick and Max
Patrick, observing Max's slightly flushed cheeks and the drunken warmth in his eyes, knew that any more work at the office was out of the question tonight. Despite not being completely wasted, Max definitely needed some rest.
Annie, ever so considerate, slung her purse over her shoulder and stepped aside to hail a cab.
"Patrick, why don't you take the boss home to sleep it off? I'll grab a cab back. After you drop him off, remember to fix him some food for the hangover," she said, turning to leave.
Patrick was pleased with her initiative. He opened the passenger door of the car so Max could climb in.
Just as Max was about to get in, a yellow rolled to his feet. A little girl, bundled up in a white puffy jacket with a butterfly bow on her head, rushed over to pick it up. It was an orange that had rolled right to Max's feet. He bent down to pick it up and handed it to her. The girl, barely reaching above his knee, looked up at him with big, grape-like eyes that blinked innocently. Those eyes reminded him so much of Brielle.
He vividly remembered the first moming he woke up in Brielle's bed, consumed with initial panic as he grabbed her by the throat, demanding to know if she had a death wish. Those same pure, pained, yet defiant eyes met his gaze. That kind of look had a way of disarming him, even to the extent of making him want to gift her the world the should she desire it. So he knelt down, his long fingers picked up the orange, and handed it to the little friend.
The girl took the orange with careful hands, blinked her watery eyes, and then ran back to a man not far away, hugging his knees tightly. "Daddy, Daddy, I saw an actor!" she exclaimed.
The man lifted her up and perched her on his shoulders. "Really?" He said.
"It's true, He is so pretty."
By now, Max had entered the car and was watching the playful father and daughter through the window. The man hoisted her up, twirling her around, and the girl laughed and pointed ahead, prompting him to charge forward.
Max mused that if he ever had a daughter, she'd probably be just as adorable. He watched them for a moment longer before turning his
gaze away.
The air conditioning was on in the car, but Max felt suffocated and asked Patrick to turn it off. He then rolled down the window, letting in the chilly outside air, hoping it would help sober him up. "Take me to Pearl Estate," he instructed, unbuttoning a few buttons on his collar and leaning back, falling into silence.
Patrick felt a tightness in his chest, knowing that Max was inevitably heading to see Ms. Brielle, He could only hope that Ms. Brielle was worth Max's affection.
But Brielle wasn't at Pearl Estate. Instead, she was sitting the CEO's office at Dorsey International, occasionally glancing out at the city lights and feeling oddly comforted by Max's presence in the room despite his physical absence.
As time ticked by, her nerves began to fray. What would she say to Max if he showed up?
to his desk, only to notice a delicate hairpin lying there. It was a diamond-studded
Rubbing her temples, Brielle stood and walked over to accessory, glistening under the office lights.
Just as she reached out to touch it, the office door swung open. Her fingertips retracted quickly, and she pulled her hand back. Her heart. started racing, and she mustered all her courage to look towards the door.
###Chapter 701
Chapter 701
It wasn't Max who came through the door, but Annie.
Annie looked surprised to see her. "Ms. Brielle?"
Brielle nodded, watching as Annie walked straight to the desk, scooped up a hair clip, and slipped it into her purse. "Aren't you heading out, Ms. Brielle?"
"The socializing isn't over yet?"
Both asked at the same time.
Annie chuckled, "Not yet, probably another fifteen minutes or so. I got a call from my godfather, so I left early. Ms. Brielle, I passed your message on to Max. I've got to run now. I was worried you'd be waiting too long. Maybe give him a call to check in?"
Annie knew their phones were out of reach and messages couldn't be delivered, so she dared to say so. She wanted to make Brielle feel more frustrated and more uncomfortable.
"Sure, thanks for the heads up."
Brielle sat on the couch, helplessly watching the hair clip disappear into Annie's bag as she departed, leaving the office quiet once
more.
Brielle glanced at the wall clock. It was already nine in the evening. If Max was going to come back to work late, this would be the time. She started out lounging on the couch but gradually sat up straight with hands on her knees and a nervous sweat forming on her palms. Even as her back began to ache from the tension, Max still hadn't arrived.
Outside Dorsey International, not far from the building, Annie hopped into Murray's car, a grin spreading across her face as the door closed. "Murray, I've managed to stir up trouble between Brielle and Max again. Gosh, I feel like I'm just too good at this."
As she spoke, she pulled a piece of candy from a box beside her and popped it into her mouth. Murray's gaze on her was tender as if she were just a mischievous little girl. No matter how outrageous Annie's antics, Murray always thought she was an eternally youthful sprite.
Savoring the candy, Annie leaned in close, turned Murray's face towards her, and passed the sweet from her lips to his, her eyes sparkling. "Is it good? Sweet enough?"
Murray felt his heart melting, his breath quivering, and his voice growing hoarse with desire. He was lost in her gaze and, after a moment, murmured, "Miss, it's very sweet."
Maybe he was referring to the candy, or something else entirely.
Annie leaned back, legs propped up, her eyes full of mirth. "I'm in such a
fantastic mood today."
Her good mood usually meant Murray could suggest something audacious, like another round of the role-play they had indulged in the night before. But he was so meek, so cautious, that he only dared to steal a glance at her through the rearview mirror.
Resting her chin on her hand, cheeks bulging with candy, Annie caught his look and smiled. "What's up? Is there something you want to tell me, Murray?"
The man swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing. Instead of driving off, he got out, opened the back door, and slid in beside Annie. She said nothing, watched him sit down, and then felt his arms wrap around her waist. "Miss, may I?"
Even in her buoyant mood, Annie had no desire for sex, so she frowned slightly. "Haven't I told you, when I want it, I'll let you good, go drive."
know? Be
Murray, with a crestfallen look, reluctantly released her. He returned to the driver's seat and pressed the accelerator. The car glided forward smoothly.
Annie hummed a tune in the backseat, her voice pure and youthful. With her delicate features and eyes squinting as she savored her candy, she might as well have been a teenager. She seemed like a girl who had grown up sheltered, but Murray knew all too well that Annie was no damsel from a sheltered tower yet she was the princess in his heart.
They got back to their place, but Annie, seemingly weary, dozed off in her seat. Murray gently lifted her, cradling her carefully in his arms. Instinctively, Annie wrapped her arms around his neck, murmuring, "Ricardo."
She smiled in her sleep, and Murray's grip tightened, his eyes filled with a bitter-sweetness. He had been by her side all along, and years had passed since she'd last seen Ricardo, so why did she still harbor feelings for him?
As Annie nestled against his chest, he worried she might catch a chill. He carried her into the room.
Meanwhile, up in the top-floor office at Dorsey International, Brielle had fallen asleep waiting. The chill of the night made her stir, her brow furrowing as she pulled a throw pillow into her embrace.
"Achoo."
10:11
She felt a cold draft and realized the office air conditioning had broken down. The nights in Beaconsfield were bitter cold, and without a blanket she felt an loy numbness in her hands and feet. It was two in the morning now; Max certainly wouldn't be coming.
As Brielle stood, her numb legs gave way, and she stumbled, a sharp pain shooting through her ankle. She crouched down to examine it, feeling the tears on her face and wiping it away.
###Chapter 702
Chapter 702
Taking a deep breath to ease the pain in her legs, she steadied herself against the wall and started walking out.
At this hour, Dorsey Tower was basically deserted. She took the elevator down. Since her car had been vandalized, her only option was to hail a cab by the roadside. But catching a cab in the wee hours was tough, and the cold had turned her lips a faint shade of purple.
An hour later, she finally managed to flag down a taxi. By the time she arrived back at Pearl Estate, it was four in the morning. She paid the driver and, with a limp, made her way into the complex, only to find that the lights in her apartment were on. Her brow furrowed at the sight. She must have left in such a rush that she forgot to turn them off.
As she rode the elevator up, she reached into her bag to get her keys, only to realize with delayed awareness that she had left her purse in Max's office. Now, aside from her phone, she had nothing. Brielle was not usually one to break down. She was often frighteningly strong. But today had been too much. All she wanted was to find a warm place to rest, yet she had left her keys behind.
Blinking back the tears, she slid down against the wall, not wanting to make another trip to Dorsey International. She had no energy left and just wanted to make do in the hallway for the night. She even tapped on her own door, knowing no one would answer, but she couldn't help but keep tapping, even as the tears fell uncontrollably.
Pain shot through her ankle, leaving her both cold and hungry.
After a couple of knocks, her palm reddened and ached, so she stopped and curled up, resting her chin on her knees and closing her eyes, Footsteps sounded from inside the apartment, and for a moment, she wondered if she was hallucinating.
She was the only resident on this floor. If those weren't her footsteps, whose could they be?
She opened her eyes and slowly lifted her head to see her apartment door cracked open, with Max standing in the light, his gaze soft upon her. The warm, orange light made him look quite unreal.
Brielle blinked, wondering if the cold had conjured up a hallucination, but before she could think further, this vision crouched down to meet her eye level and even reached out to wipe away a tear from her cheek.
His touch was moist. "Why are you crying?" he asked.
Brielle opened her mouth to speak but quickly closed it, fearing the vision would vanish. Even the Max she imagined was perfect. The apartment's lights bathed him, and for a moment, everything else faded away, leaving only his presence and the warmth from inside. He had shed his suit jacket, wearing just his shirt with the top three buttons undone. This squatting pose exposed a patch of his chest. Max looked at her, not understanding why she was crying so late at night after coming home. He watched as Brielle wiped her eyes and got up from the ground, walking past him into the apartment.
Max frowned and noticed her closing the door, leaning against the wall to change her shoes, then moving to the couch to grab the blanket he had just laid out and wrapping it around herself. Brielle was freezing. The chill from the office had seeped into her bones, and her mind was foggy. She saw the apparition remain still by the entrance, quietly watching her. This hallucination felt so real that she could sense Max's presence.
"Brielle, let's talk."
Max stood in the entryway, his heart aching a bit at her deliberate disregard. He walked up to her quickly, grasping her wrist. "Don't sleep, let's talk."
Brielle was truly exhausted, and his pull barely made her lift her groggy gaze to meet his. As Max touched her hand, it felt like ice, and any lingering sense of loss shattered. He knelt down slowly, cradling her hand in his warm palm.
With this sudden warmth, Brielle realized this was no figment of her imagination. Her gaze collided with his, and the coolness in her heart began to thaw.
Who was it that said romance in love lay in the silent yearning beneath?
Max had been waiting for her at Pearl Estate/The person she wanted to reconcile with had already been there all along.
Max held her hands, rubbed them gently, then kissed the back of her hand. "Where have you been? Your hands are freezing."
This was an instinctive gesture for Max. Looking up, he saw Brielle staring blankly at him. "Brielle?" He called out to her, and seeing her dazed with no response, he tucked her hands under the blanket.
He stood up straight and turned up the apartment's thermostat. After setting the temperature to a cozy 80 degrees Fahrenheit, he was about to set the remote down when a pair of arms wrapped around his waist.
###Chapter 703
Chapter 703
Brielle was lounging on the couch while Max stood. She wrapped her arm around him, leaving her head resting against his midsection. Max froze for a moment, then felt her hand slip under his shirt- deliberately igniting his lust. A shadow passed over his eyes, his Adam's apple bobbing.
He chucked the remote control, not bothering to see if it landed on the coffee table. He spun around, pinned her to the couch, and kissed her fiercely.
Brielle felt breathless, on the verge of suffocation, before he released her. Clothes littered the path from the living room to the bedroom. Max carried the faint scent of liquor-he must have had a drink here, evidenced by the small wine glass still resting on the coffee table. His eyes, slightly intoxicated with warmth, imprisoned her completely in his embrace as he hoisted her up. Startled by the vulnerability of the position, Brielle's cheeks flushed. "Hey, easy," she murmured.
Their bodies pressed close together.
In truth, she didn't want him to be gentle. She wanted him to be rougher, to completely unravel her so that she could feel his presence instead of a gesture of rejection.
His rejection was painful. His indifference drove her mad. She wanted to be entwined tightly with him, to forget everything else for a moment and focus only on each other. Neither asked why they didn't answer calls or texts; physical communication was far more honest.
Hours later, Brielle was exhausted and on the edge of sleep. Her feet pushed against him, too tired to speak. Drops of sweat beaded on Max's forehead, sliding from his jaw to her chest. The bedroom light was dim as Brielle woke, watching him through half-lidded eyes just in time to see the sweat drip onto her skin.
At that moment, she felt the heat of his sweat turn dry, then red, and finally, like a tattooed mark on her chest.
She had so much to say, so many questions, but for now, she just gazed at him with shimmering eyes.
Max's breathing grew heavy again, and he covered her eyes with his hand. "Stop looking, just sleep," he said. Her gaze made his body react and feel like she was dependent on him, that she couldn't let go. But he wasn't so sure himself.
Brielle's eyelashes fluttered against his palm as she mumbled, "Don't leave me."
Max tensed, feeling as if his palm was scorched. All the words in the world couldn't weigh against that single plea. His heart's
bitterness and sense of loss vanished, replaced by a light chuckle. Wasn't this what he was worried about?
"I won't."
"I'm sorry for slapping you. Maybe you can slap me back to even it out?" With her eyes still closed, Brielle's willpower was the only thing keeping her talking. She feared it was all a dream, that Max would vanish upon waking. So, while she still had the strength, she wanted to say everything on her mind.
"I don't blame you for the scarf. I lost the rosary too, so please don't blame me. We both lost something of each other's. Let's call it even, okay?"
Max felt a softening in his heart, but it wasn't sweet, it was more sour. How could affection be like this? They were so close. She was in
his arms, yet he wanted to be closer, to blend her into his being.
All his emotions-grievances, touches of affection, sourness-surged in his heart.
"Yeah."
Hearing his affirmative response, Brielle's lips curved slightly, and she fell into a
own words when she woke up.
peaceful sleep. Perhaps she wouldn't remember her
Max held her close, noting the sunlight already streaming in, filling the room with warmth. He also hadn't rested in a long time. Now, with his worries set aside, he closed his eyes as well. Brielle slept soundly until she woke to see the empty room, her heart skipping a beat. She feared last night had indeed been a dream, but as she got out of bed, the soreness in her body told a different story, and her cheeks reddened.
As she wrapped herself in a robe and headed to the bathroom, she overheard Max on the phone. "Don't make the oatmeal too sweet. She doesn't like it that way. Be here in ten minutes, yeah." After hanging up, Max continued staring at his laptop, wearing just a bathrobe, his skin glowing. Brielle finished freshening up just as the doorbell rang. She saw Annie standing outside, hesitating. Annie gave her a small smile, her arms laden with two large food containers. "Ms. Brielle, I brought some documents for Max and thought I'd bring you breakfast too. He mentioned you might be hungry." Seeing Annie, a delicate girl burdened with both paperwork and substantial food containers, Brielle's doubts dissipated. Max wasn't indifferent to women's needs. He just didn't extend the same care to others. No other man would treat a dainty lady this way.
###Chapter 704
Chapter 704
Feeling completely at ease, Brielle took the lunchbox from Annie's hands.
"Thanks, you're a lifesaver."
Annie nodded at her and handed over some documents to Max. "These are the files for the upcoming meeting."
Max grabbed the documents and noticed Brielle holding the lunchbox. He stood up, stepped past Annie, and took the lunchbox from her. "Is it heavy?" Brielle felt a sweet thrill of satisfaction as the corners of her mouth turned up in a smile. "You go ahead and have your meeting, and I'll set this up."
Annie stood beside them, her gaze shifting back and forth in confusion. She was genuinely puzzled. Why had these two suddenly made up?
After delivering the files, she had no reason to stay, so she tactfully made her exit. As she stepped outside Pearl Estate, her mind was still trying to unravel the mystery. She was so lost in thought that she nearly tripped over her own feet.
Why were they so fickle? Weren't they at odds just yesterday? Relationships were far too complex, she mused. It seemed she had a lot more to learn.
Upstairs, Brielle laid out the lunchbox contents
closed his laptop to join her.
a hearty chicken soup and her favorite side dishes. Her smile deepened. Max casually
"Aren't you supposed to be in a meeting?"
"The meeting isn't for another half-hour."
As Brielle ladled soup into his bowl, she couldn't resist teasing, "Someone said I was Annie's stand-in." She locked eyes with Max, searching for any flicker of emotion.
Max's face was unreadable as he responded, "Stand-in for what?" He seemed genuinely clueless as if he had no idea what a stand-in
was.
Brielle let out a half-laugh, half-sigh. "Don't you think I resemble her?"
"Not at all. You're my girlfriend, and she's my professor's goddaughter. Once she finishes her PhD, she'll
be
moving on.
Brielle exhaled a sigh of relief. So what was all that jealousy about these past few days? She decided not to bring up the scarf incident, recalling her words from the night before about them both losing something important. They were even now. There was no point in holding grudges. Besides, that rosary seemed far more precious than any scarf.
As long as she wasn't a stand-in, everything else could be sorted out.
Her mood lifted, but her eyes couldn't help welling up. These past few days had been tough.
Just as she was about to lean in for a kiss, the television news caught her attention. "The couple's wedding will take place tomorrow morning at eleven at the church. Previously released photos of the couple in wedding attire..."
The screen showed Andrew and Tessa in their wedding finery, Andrew with his arm around Tessa, who looked adoringly into his eyes.
Brielle's good morning was thoroughly spoiled. Andrew and Tessa's wedding was tomorrow. How could she have forgotten something so important? She didn't turn off the TV but instead listened to the details. Tessa was also listening to the news, coughing slightly before wrapping her arms around Andrew's waist. "Andrew, I swear I didn't leak anything to the media. It must have been the paparazzi yesterday when we were trying on the wedding dress. I'm so sorry."
Andrew's expression darkened. Ever since their night out at Tequila Sunset, Tessa had been running into Aubree, his mood had soured, and he had rejected her advances.
eager to get physically closer, but after
He had discussed having a low-key, private ceremony with Tessa, just with close friends in attendance. Tessa had cried a bit but eventually agreed.
Andrew had felt a twinge of guilt. What woman didn't dream of a grand wedding? But now, the media had released false information about them having a lavish ceremony at the grandest church in Beaconsfield.
Tessa looked up at Andrew with pleading eyes, "Don't you believe me?"
It wasn't that Andrew didn't trust her, but the photographer for their wedding was someone he trusted completely. There was no chance the photos would have leaked from there, especially since the shoot had taken place at a private estate, far from any prying paparazzi.
Who else could it be if not Tessa hefself?
###Chapter 705
Chapter 705
Andrew was beginning to have his doubts about Tessa, and an uneasy feeling crept into his heart for the first time. He was always a maverick, and as long as he was happy, that was all that mattered-even when it came to Tessa. He didn't want her to oppose him with
such tactics.
Tessa knew what she was doing was risky, but what would the socialites think if they were to have a low-key wedding?
The Rowland family had just fallen from grace, and she urgently needed a lavish wedding to reclaim her place among the elite. She had been avoiding contact with anyone these past few days, fearing mockery from former friends and dreading the possibility of having to take charge on behalf of the fallen Rowland family.
The Rowland family was finished. That was a certainty. If she opposed the public, she'd be drowned in a sea of scorn. Just like Brielle had gone through the day before.
Yesterday had been Tessa's happiest day because Brielle had been publicly humiliated. Tessa hadn't missed the chance to fuel the fire, hiring a legion of online trolls to lambast Brielle. The more Brielle was chastised, the more Tessa felt at ease.
She loathed Brielle and Aubree the most. Her very existence was to see those two women trampled into the depths of hell!
Yesterday, she even resent that video to Aubree, determined to ensure that Aubree would never forget the humiliation. She planned to make it Aubree's lifelong shadow to shame her from ever appearing at Andrew's side again.
Now, her plan was nearly complete. After tomorrow's wedding, she would be Andrew's lawful wife.
Thinking of this, Tessa's eyes took on a pitiful look as she clutched Andrew's hand and placed it on her chest. "Andrew, do you dislike my figure? We're getting married tomorrow, and I really want to be with you"
But Andrew withdrew his hand coldly. "Let's have breakfast first."
Tessa suddenly panicked, fearing her last lifeline was slipping away. She mustered a bitter smile and stood up. "Alright, I'll go dish up the oatmeal.*
Andrew remained in the living room. The noise from the television soured his mood.
In the kitchen, Tessa reached for a bottle of pills hidden in the overhead cabinet. She glanced at Andrew's figure in the living room and mixed the substance into the oatmeal.
She couldn't be blamed, after all-they were soon to be married, and such intimacies were bound to happen. If she became pregnant, Andrew and Aubree would be history.
Anxiety clawed at her, especially after the night at Tequila Sunset when Andrew had left her with Jaired and chased after Aubree. She was acutely aware that she needed a child with Andrew to sever his ties with Aubree once and for all.
She stirred the oatmeal slowly to ensure nothing seemed amiss, then carried it out with a smile.
"Andrew, dinner's ready."
? ?  ?    ? ? ?  ?  ?I FI O
Andrew, who usually let his guard down around Tessa, didn't suspect a thing about the doctored dish.
They sat down together, facing a modest spread of light dishes. Tessa couldn't handle rich foods, so they settled for a simple bowl of oatmeal, which Andrew had dutifully shared with her every morning. Though he much preferred a hearty breakfast-back when he lived with Aubree, she would wake up early to grill him a steak.
During breakfast, Tessa seized the chance to voice her concerns.
"Everyone knows about our church wedding now. Maybe we should visit the church today just to check. It's usually booked in advance, but with the Clements family's pull, I'm sure they can make room for us." The frustration in Andrew's expression deepened, but out of consideration for Tessa's frailty and how it might look to others, he suppressed his irritation.
"Tessa. You know I indulge you in everything. I said I'd marry you, and I will-you don't need these schemes. You're the one I've always
loved."
Tessa felt a surge of emotion, but unbeknownst to Andrew, her phone was recording their conversation on the side. After stopping the recording, she sent the audio to Aubree. Any chance to needle Aubree was an opportunity Tessa would never pass up.
###Chapter 706
Chapter 706
After finishing his oatmeal, Andrew was supposed to head to work, but he felt a feverish warmth coursing through his body and a general sense of malaise. He unbuttoned a few buttons of his shirt. His brows furrowed as he slumped onto the couch, tilting his head back to reveal a prominent Adam's apple.
His appearance was undeniably attractive, and this gesture was filled with an alluring charm.
Tessa had never had sex with a man, so the sight alone was enough to send a blush spreading across her cheeks.
Andrew stretched his legs onto the coffee table, feeling his body grow hotter by the minute, and Tessa slowly approached, placing her hand on his chest.
"Andrew, did you have a rough night? Do you think you caught a cold?"
Andrew squinted his eyes. Not only had the previous night been restless, but the past couple of nights had been choppy at best. It never crossed his mind that Tessa might have slipped something into his oatmeal. He thought his body was weak, making him believe he had caught a cold.
He stood up to leave, but Tessa would not let him go, quickly wrapping her arms around his waist.
"Andrew," she whispered.
Andrew's breathing became labored instantly. The hands wrapped around his waist seemed to be dragging him into an abyss. He placed his hand over Tessa's.
A glint of determination flashed in Tessa's eyes, her cheeks reddening even more, ready for what was to come. This frail body of hers was not exactly eager for pleasure, but she had to persevere. She quickly shed her clothes and closed her eyes, not daring to look at him but guiding his hand across her skin.
It had to work.
Even the comers of her mouth couldn't help but curve into a faint smile.
Andrew's eyes reddened instantly at the stimulation. He grasped her chin and pushed her onto the couch.
He was about to take off her pants after leaving her breathless from his kisses, but his phone rang at that very moment. It was a call from the church, cautiously inquiring if he really intended to reserve a spot. The church had found out through the news, but Andrew himself hadn't placed any order with them. They were free the following day, and if Andrew wanted to have his wedding there, they had to prepare overnight. After all, a high-profile wedding could not afford to look shabby.
"Mr. Clements, we have several marital packages available; you're welcome to come and see for yourself."
Andrew felt even more breathless, grinding his teeth. "Pick the most expensive one."
He hung up and was about to proceed with Tessa when the phone rang again. Sweat was beading on Andrew's forehead. He felt a mounting irritation with the incessant interruptions. Yet, he couldn't ignore the call, and suddenly, he snapped to attention-it was Aubree's special ringtone.
He let go of Tessa, restraining himself at this crucial moment. He fastened his belt, still feeling an unbearable heat throughout his body, but the ringtone was like a spell, briefly bringing him back to his senses. He took a deep breath and answered. "What is it?"
But the call wasn't from Aubree herself. It was from a hotel attendant. "Hello, are you Miss Clement's brother? Miss Clements left her phone at the hotel, and we can't reach her at the moment, so we had to contact the emergency contact she listed."
Andrew was taken aback, and with that reminder, he suddenly wondered where Aubree was staying now that her place had been sold.
He remembered her mentioning sleeping with four men, and he felt a burning rage. Taking a deep breath, he responded, "Please keep it for now. I'll come by shortly."
The hotel attendant nodded, gave him an address, and hung up.
Andrew grabbed his coat to leave and saw Tessa lying naked on the couch. Tessa was shaking all over, feeling utterly humiliated. They had come this close, just one step away. How could Andrew hold back? She bit her lip so hard she could taste blood.
Andrew covered her with a blanket and left a kiss on her lips. "I'm going to pick something up. I'll be right back."
Just that kiss made him feel like he was on fire, longing to have her, but the last shred of sanity in his mind pulled at him.
He got up, his voice hoarse. "Tessa, I'm afraid of hurting you."
Tessa wanted to cry. She wasn't afraid of getting hurt. She just wanted Andrew now. But before she could say anything, Andrew was already out the door.
10-11
He had intended to drive himself but was suddenly aware of the unusual heat in his body. Andrew's brows knitted tightly, and he immediately suspected the cause, feeling a twinge of disappointment. In such a short span, this was the second time Tessa had resorted to such means.
When he arrived at the hotel, he retrieved Aubree's phone and inquired which room she had checked into.
Normally, hotel staff should not give out room keys to anyone but the guest, but after hearing he was Aubree's brother and only wanted to retum her phone, they made an exception.
###Chapter 707
Chapter 707
As Andrew entered the room, he was immediately engulfed in Aubree's essence. The drug-inducing calm he'd managed to wrestle into submission roared to life, his blood coursing with a fierce heat. He ripped off his jacket and shucked his shirt, making a beeline for the bathroom.
Aubree was on set, still engrossed in her role, oblivious to the fact that she'd left her phone behind.
The set was a whirlwind of activity; everyone was fueled by the buzz from yesterday's headlines.
John was his usual stoic self, but it was clear he felt lighter today. In his downtime, he was deep-diving into the works of other directors, keen on honing his craft.
Aubree was caught up in the fervor, and her spirits lifted.
As they wrapped up the morning's scenes, John announced they were heading to Stellar Stage Entertainment for some location shots.
The script might tell a story of the everyman, but a few scenes demanded the backdrop of a bustling office building, and Stellar Stage Entertainment was just the ticket. Aubree's visit there would inevitably lead her to Brielle.
Brielle had rolled into work just after noon, still reeling from a night of indulgence with Max and feeling the after-effects. It wasn't until sunlight flooded her room that she managed to rise. The news had her seeing red, but Max, ever clumsy with words, simply assured her Andrew would regret his actions and urged her not to be upset.
Duties called, and they parted ways. Brielle longed for more time with Max, but with Stellar Stage Entertainment still settling from recent upheaval, she was needed to steady the ship. Max had driven her in, stealing a few tender moments in the car before she staggered out on wobbly legs, only to stumble upon the film crew's arrival.
Brielle tugged at her collar, trying to cover up, but it was too late - Aubree had seen everything.
Aubree had noticed the lovebites on Brielle before but was still puzzled. "Bri, has Mr. Dorsey never laid eyes on a woman before?"
Brielle, flushed and wide-eyed with kiss-bruised lips, was a sight that easily fueled gossip.
Aubree had always known Brielle was stunning, so seeing her like this elicited an involuntary tsk. "You might want to check yourself in the mirror."
Brielle was embarrassed, knowing she couldn't resist Max. She had simply closed her eyes as his face neared hers in the car, not bothering to wonder what Patrick in the front seat might think. "You're the boss now, Bri. Keep up appearances. John might come looking for you later. Let's go to your office."
Aubree led her to the private elevator that whisked them to the executive floor.
After freshening up, Brielle's cheeks cooled down. She eyed Aubree, curious if the day's news had affected
her.
"Bri, I've wrapped my scenes for today. Ricardo and the others are up next. I want to go somewhere."
1/2
10:32
Chapter 707
"Where to?"
"Radiant Light Church."
Aubree's eyelashes fluttered as she mentioned the church, and then she looked up with a smile. "Remember the wish you made for me? That me and Andrew would be tied together forever? You were so sweet to do it. You probably did hang that wish up there. I want to take it down now."
Brielle's heart ached at the request. "I'll come with you."
"No need. You must be swamped, especially with the company's recent shake-up and having to quell the online storm about you. Have you seen today's trending topics? Amelia is practically hiding at home. We may have won this battle, but you're in the public eye now. You've got your hands full."
"Aubree, I'll come with you. If we leave now, we can be back by tomorrow. Besides, I hung the wish. I know exactly where it is. Without me, you'll be searching through hundreds of wishes. Do you really want that?"
Aubree had indeed intended to search on her own. She turned away, her eyes brimming with tears. Brielle didn't know how to comfort her, especially with the news of Andrew and Tessa's impending wedding still fresh on TV and the media circling like vultures for details on the Clements family's plans.
She wrapped her arms gently around Aubree. "You can cry now. I'm here for you. But once that wish is down, no more tears for him, okay?"
Hearing this, Aubree's tears fell freely, and she clung to Brielle, sobbing without a sound.
###Chapter 708
Chapter 708
How long had Aubree known Andrew? It must have been twenty years by now.
Her secret crush, her first love, her open yearning-all of it had been for him. Even now, as she found herself mired in disgrace, too tainted to be touched, she couldn't remain indifferent to the news of his
marriage.
Perhaps that was the terrifying nature of affection, like ants consuming an elephant, little by little, day by day. Unbeknownst to herself, she became a slave to love, forever debased in his eyes.
At eighteen, she had thought that if only Andrew could love her back, she'd be content to remain in humble adoration forever, even if it meant stripping away her pride and risking her life. But Andrew had a heart of stone, only showing a glimmer of tenderness while looking at her in the intimacy of the bedroom.
"Alright, then you're coming with me."
Brielle didn't trust Aubree to go out alone in her current state and immediately called Max. The phone connected, and his voice came through, "What's up?"
"I need to borrow your car. Aubree wants to visit Radiant Light Church. We're heading out now and will be back tomorrow."
'Drive safe."
"Will do."
Max's car arrived swiftly. Brielle took the wheel while Aubree settled into the passenger seat. Seeing how attentive Max was to Brielle, Aubree couldn't help but feel a bit emotional. "I always thought Mr. Dorsey was a player, leading you on. I never imagined he'd be the most devoted of them all."
To others, Max seemed indifferent to the world. Aubree even wondered if everything in Max's world was a monochrome of cold whites, so dull and colorless, allowing him to dedicate years to his work without a change of heart.
But with Brielle, he was moved, his emotions in disarray
As Aubree glanced at the swiftly passing cityscape outside the window, the corners of her mouth twitched in a faint smile. Mr. Dorsey and Andrew were, after all, not the same.
In the hotel room, Andrew took a cold shower but still felt uncomfortable all over. When he smelled Aubree's lingering scent in the room, the fire he had managed to suppress flared up again.
Sweat beaded on his forehead as he rummaged through the room, eventually finding Aubree's personal clothing. He felt like a creep at that moment, lying on the bed Aubree had slept in, inhaling the scent of her garments.
Even then, he couldn't understand why Tessa had to go to such lengths to entice him. She used drugs and undressed to give him physical stimulation. But Aubree only needed a single piece of clothing to get a rise
out of him.
Afterward, he buried his face in the pillow, his breath shaky, his body sweaty. If Aubree were actually there, he'd make sure she couldn't leave the bed for three days.
Thinking of her, the desire Andrew had just quenched seemed to boil over once again. "Damn it!" He cursed under his breath, his Adam's apple bobbing, a sense of frustration building within.
1/2
10.32
Chapter 70%
Ever since he'd hooked up with Autres, he'd never let himself offer like this.
"Son of a bitch" He swore again, then hoarsely called out, "Aubree The name seemed to spill from the depths of his heart, lingering on his tongue, tugging at his very fech
It wasn't until the evening that he irritably massaged his temples. What was he doing? How was he any
different from some perverted stalker
Andrew tossed the clothing into the trash can in a fit of disgust, but no sooner had he done that than he imagined Aubree's scolding voice in his head.
Standing tall, his lean, muscular body was a sight to behold, but he was in no mood to appreciate it. Instead, he bent down and retrieved the clothing from the trash, taking it to the bathroom himself
Andrew had never washed clothes in his life, but he scrubbed the garment that was stained with his essence vigorously and lathered it with soap. Once clean and back to its original state, he fetched a hanger from the closet and hung the clothing out to dry. The thought of Aubree wearing the garment again made his throat itch anew. His reason told him to stop thinking about it.
*Damn it!*
He truly felt uncomfortable everywhere. The thought of washing clothes in a hotel was just plain awkward. He took another shower, trying to wash away the unease. Aubree's phone lay on the bed. He was tempted to find out who the other men were that had been with Aubree. So, his hand reached for the phone
###Chapter 709
Chapter 709
Frankly, Andrew still couldn't fathom how, in such a short time apart, Aubree managed to have sex with three different men, and bear such deep marks on her body?
Aubree wasn't the Clements family's own flesh and blood, but she was raised in luxury, coddled and cared for. A mere paper cut on her finger would have her wailing in pain. So, when Andrew lost control for the first time, he ended up receiving several stinging slaps and learned his lesson the hard way. He had to comfort Aubree with sweet nothings until she agreed to sleep with him again. From then on, he made sure never to leave a single scratch on her skin.
But the marks he saw that day were too harsh, too telling of the ferocity behind them. How much it must have hurt.
Aubree couldn't stand him being so unrestrained with her, yet she tolerated it from others.
Andrew was seething with rage. Gripping Aubree's phone tightly, he entered her birthday as the password. It was incorrect.
He tried his own birthday next. Still wrong.
His frown deepened, and he finally keyed in the date of their first passionate encounter, a day that should have been memorable.
Wrong again.
Three attempts, and now he was locked out for an hour. Damn it!
His temper flared in an instant, and he was about to use his own phone to call someone who could crack the code. But then he paused, the exhaustion weighing on him as he slumped onto the bed. Forget it. He wasn't up fa
It was then that his
another slap in the face.
he'd be back. "Andrewe buzzed to life. Tessa's tearful voice echoed through the speaker, asking when
he'd be back. "Andrew, I'm feeling a little scared at home. Can you come over and keep me company? Plus, the makeup team
alled. They wanted to start prepping me for the wedding at five in the morning. The dress has arrived, and your suit's here too. Don't you want to come over and try it on?"
Her voice was tentative, probably guessing that Andrew knew she had tampered with his food. "Andrew, you're all I have left."
Andrew rubbed his temples, suddenly recalling that he was supposed to marry Tessa tomorrow. He had seemingly forgotten about the wedding the moment he stepped into the hotel.
Tessa's eyes brimmed with resentment when he didn't immediately respond. "Andrew, I've heard people say that Aubree's been with several men. They say she's been taking them to hotels, reveling night after night."
Hearing this, Andrew felt a surge of anger. Recalling the foolish things he'd done at the hotel filled him with shame. He yanked the clothes off the rack and tossed them straight into the trash.
So, Aubree and her lover had been in this room, too? How low could she stoop?
His blood boiled, then cooled abruptly, leaving him feeling like the whole room was tainted with impurity.
Hadn't he vowed never to seek out Aubree again? Why had he come here once more? Without another thought, he strode out the door, leaving it all behind.
1/2
10:32
Chapter 709
"Andrew, are you still listening to me?"
Tessa's frail voice was like a faint whisper, easily swept away by the wind.
"I'm here, on my way back. Tomorrow's wedding will be at the church, and I've booked the grandest package. You'll have the wedding of your dreams.*
He spoke without a trace of emotion, only the raw anger from the news still fresh in his mind.
Tessa's eyes reddened with excitement as she wiped away tears. "I knew you wouldn't let me down. I love you, Andrew."
After hanging up, Tessa's heart pounded with the intensity of her emotions. After some time, she dialed Alivia.
*Alivia, have you seen the news? I'm getting married tomorrow. The invitations have been sent, and it's at that church. Make sure you come. I owe it to you for your strategies that helped me be with Andrew." Alivia had advised Tessa to go after Aubree, knowing it would also be a strike at Brielle. Tessa had done just that, employing the cruelest of methods.
###Chapter 710
Chapter 710
When Alivia heard the news, she wasn't the least bit surprised. Everyone in their circles knew that Andrew had a real thing for Tessa The Clements didn't need strategic marriages to boost their family's status anymore
"Congrats, Tessa," Alivia said with a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes.
Tessa's eyes sparkled with joy. "I hope you and Max can tie the knot soon as well."
At the mention of Max, a chill ran through Alivia's heart, and the recent headlines flashed through her mind. She'd pushed Amelia to take Brielle down a peg but never expected Amelia to crash and burn so spectacularly Amelia was now a pawn off the board, having fled the country under the cover of darkness to escape the backlash and try her luck abroad
Alivia gritted her teeth in frustration, unable to fathom how public opinion had turned against them so swiftly when their plan had seemed flawless.
The more Brielle's influence grew, the more unsettled Alivin felt. Annie's progress was still too slow for her liking. She had paid a hefty sum fifty million and heard about Max and Brielle's argument. But as of this morning, they were back on good terms.
How did those two manage such unwavering trust in each other? It made Alivia's skin crowd with envy. If Michael hadn't advised her to sit tight and wait for the right moment she would have taken matters into her own hands by now
Though she didn't fully trust Annie's capabilities, Annie and Martha were the only chess pieces she had to play. Now that Annie was proving useful, it was time to strategize with Martha.
After hanging up the phone, Alivia tumed to Martha, who was sipping on her meds.
Martha's health had taken a nosedive in recent days. Despite her tantrums and tactics, Max hadn't budged an inch. It seemed he was resolute in staying with Brielle
"Martha, you've got to stop getting worked up over Max"
Just the sound of Max's name made Martha's face flush with anger. She looked as though she wanted to spring out of bed, but a simple movement left her gasping for breath. "Alivia, you're the only one who gets it. You've been here for me all in the last few days"
"It's the least I can do," Alivia said sweetly. "Did you hear? Andrew's getting married. You've met him before."
"That Clements boy, huh? I can't believe he's settling down. How wonderful. If only you and Max could get hitched. I could die happy! "Martha, I wish. But Max doesn't see me that way. All the news lately has been about Brielle. Still, he insists on being with her. I think Max... might never let her go."
Apart from work, Max rarely showed interest in anything else. His one passion seemed to be Brielle. How could Alivia accept that? She wouldn't give up on even the slightest chance.
As expected, Martha was livid, her cheeks burning with rage, nearly passing out from the intensity of her emotions
"Martha, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have told you, but I'm just being honest. To split them up, we'll have to make Brielle back off herself." "You're right," Martha gasped. "I must talk to Brielle!" Martha clasped Alivia's hand in her own, her cheeks glowing with maternal affection. "Don't worry Alivia. Even if it costs me my life. Ill make sure you end up with Max."
A sly glint passed through Alivia's eyes. This was perfect
“Okay, Martha. But I think a direct threat to Brielle won't do much. Do you know about Aubree? The Clements' foster daughter? She's just been through a lot, and Brielle is probably dying to protect her. Unfortunately, Brielle doesn't have the means to even protect her friend night now. We can use that to our advantage, use her to pressure Brielle."
Alivia had learned the hard way just how tough Brielle could be. That woman was stubborn to the core, her pride interwoven with her very being. To truly break her, they would have to strike at her Achilles heel, just like she had advised Tessa
Control the weak spot, and you control the battle.
###Chapter 711
Chapter 711
Brielle was blissfully unaware of Alivia's machinations as she quietly drove the car, noticing Aubree's silence beside her Aubree sat in the passenger seat, gazing at the world passing by, wrapped in her own thoughts
Sometimes, Brielle considered silence to be the best companion.
The road to Radiant Light Church was familiar territory for Brielle. Having driven it once before, she pressed a bit heavier on the gas pedal. Still, the church was a good distance from the heart of Beaconsfield, and it was three in the morning by the time they arrived.
At this hour, the doors were closed. The priests would be asleep, so the two women made do with what they had and spent the night in
the car.
At five o'clock. Brielle woke Aubree. "Can you hear the bells echoing from the hills? Come on, let's go up. We'll catch the sunrise just in time"
Aubree followed her lead, and together they ventured toward the church. Before them, the landscape unfolded into endless rolling hills. As the sun crested the horizon, Aubree felt an overwhelming urge to cry The world was vast and beautiful, and she had wasted so much time fixated on just one person. It seemed so shortsighted now
The first time she met Andrew was when he descended from the Clements family's grand spiral staircase, like a prince looking down upon her from his lofty perch Perhaps their ending was written in that first encounter-they were never meant to walk the same path
Even now, she felt cursed as she witnessed the sunset, climbed mountains, or imagined herself beside a meadow's lake under a galaxy of stars. Her heart was tethered to Andrew, destined never to break free.
Maybe, just maybe, if she could retrieve the wish she had tied to that tree, this chapter of her life could finally close and be free from the burden of hope.
The predawn sky was still tinged with darkness, making the rising sun all the more brilliant
The priests were surprised to learn that the women had come to collect a wish-pledge and offered their counsel.
Brielle took the ladder offered to her with a gracious smile. "Perhaps some of us need these rituals to find peace
The priests clasped his hands and sighed. "Love brings worry. Love brings fear. Those free from love are free from both."
Brielle nodded in acknowledgment but offered no argument. It had not been long since she had left her own pledge among the many, and though she remembered where she had placed it, finding it now proved difficult.
She and Aubree began their search at the lowest branches and worked their way up. After an hour, they had yet to find it
Brielle was drenched in sweat, but when she looked at Aubree, her friend's face was a picture of calm resolve. By now, Andrew and Tessa would be on their way to the chapel in a wedding limousine. The irony of the situation left her speechless, and she continued her search without a word.
Two hours later, Andrew and Tessa had exchanged their vows in the chapel amidst the well-wishes of their guests.
Tears of joy sparkled in Tessa's eyes as she reveled in the envious gazes of the other women. This was how it should be-she was bom a Rowland, destined to be the center of attention. She thanked Andrew silently for reinstating her to this coveted circle.
Yet for all her visible happiness, Andrew's demeanor remained detached, even as he placed the ring on Tessa's finger. Tessa was too immersed in her bliss to notice.
After the ceremony, Tessa clutched their marriage certificate, and couldn't resist embracing Andrew. "Andrew, I'm so happy. We're finally married."
It was clear to everyone that the wedding wasn't well-received, many of Andrew's friends, including Kenzo and Max, had not attended. Andrew retumed her embrace yet felt a hollow ache in his chest as if something vital had been consumed. He dropped his gaze and responded with a soft "Hmm," then released her.
Marissa appeared at the periphery, gesturing Tessa toward an empty room, indicating a need for a private word. Tessa's lips curled into a smile as she called out, "Hello, Marissa"
Marissa's face remained impassive at the address, giving no response. Tessa didn't mind whether Marissa was genuinely happy or not-the marriage was sealed, and the Cléments family's reputation would surely discourage any whispers of marital discord. That was exactly why she had worked so hard to marry Andrew
Tonight was their first night as man and wife. Their bridal suite was gorgerously adorned. Tessa's heart raced in anticipation of their wedding night, and her smile deepened at the thought.
###Chapter 712
Chapter 712
After entering the room, Tessa shut the door firmly behind her "You wanted to see me
Marissa lifted her hand in imitation, brushing away a few stmy strands of hair from her forehead. "The wedding's done and dusted, and you know the Clements family won't take kindly to divorce gossip, so you need to wipe that video clean off the face of the earth Don't say I didn't warn you, Tessa Aubree's been a Clements since she was knee high to a grasshopper, and not a soul in the family wants to catch even a whiff of that video. Keeping it around is like sitting on a ticking time bomb. If it ever sees the light of day not only will Aubree get dragged through the mud, but you'll face a backlash ten times worse. You've got what you wanted, and now there's no need to keep a landmine under your bed. Just settle down and live a good life with Andrew. He won't shortchange you."
Her tone was dismissive, clearly unimpressed with Tessa
Tessa's face was all smiles. Her cheeks flushed with joy despite her frailty. Even her carefully applied makeup couldn't hide her glee.
She pulled out her phone and, right in front of Marissa, deleted the video without a trace. The video was only on a hidden file on my phone. Now that I've deleted it, it's gone for good. You can rest easy. No one's going to see that video again."
Just as she finished speaking, Andrew's voice came from outside the door. What video?"
Andrew walked in, his expression darkening
Tessa's heart skipped a beat, but then she heard Marissa's calm reply. Just a video from your wedding. I was toying with the idea of sending copies to other members of the Clements family, but that's settled now. Off you go. Tonight's your wedding night"
With that. Marissa didn't wait to gauge their reaction; she headed straight for the door. But before she left, she dropped a bombshell. "By the way, I've transferred my five percent shareholding to Aubree. It's worth a few billion. She can do whatever she wants with it, and the Clements family will soon find her a match that's fit for her status."
Hearing this, Andrew felt a chill run down his spine, his irritation growing. But he was married now. What could he say? Would Aubree agree if he wanted to keep things going with her?
Besides, she had been sullied, who knows by how many men. Just the thought made Andrew's skin crawl with disgust
At that moment, Tessa wrapped her arms around his waist, her voice dripping with seduction,
"Manssa's right, it's our wedding night. I heard the bed linen in the honeymoon suite was hand-embroidered, stitch by stitch, by the finxest artisans. Shall we go check it out?"
Night had fallen, and since it was their wedding night, they were expected to have sex.
Tessa's cheeks were tinged with shyness. "Andrew, I'm ready for you to make love to me."
Andrew felt a surge of desire, remembering how he had taken matters into his own hands at the hotel and how that fire had been smoldering within him ever since. He looked down at Tessa, her eyes full of ripples, bashful yet pleading.
More importantly, Tessa was untouched, not tainted like Aubree, perfect to quench his burning lust.
He nodded, and they were about to leave the church when his phone buzzed. It was Aubree, asking about her phone, which he had taken. Andrew paused, not expecting Aubree to call. Everything felt off-kilter. Where had she been today, and why hadn't she attended the wedding? He even wanted to angrily confront her, to ask which lover she had taken to the hotel. If she could possibly sink any lower, could she not live without a man?
However, the last shred of his sanity told him that if he asked now, Aubree would likely hang up.
"It's with me."
"I need it now. Can you bring it over?"
Andrew couldn't help but smile at Aubree's request, though he didn't realize it himself. "Sure, rll be right there."
After hanging up, he turned to Tessa
Right on cue, the videographer came over, wanting to discuss the wedding video plans. He suggested it would be best if both the bride and groom were present. After all, a wedding video was a once-in-a- lifetime affair that needed a heart-to-heart with the newlyweds.
"Wait here and talk to them about it. I've got to deliver something. I'll be back to pick you up in half an hour"
Tessa felt an uneasy premonition. "Andrew, who are you delivering something to? It couldn't possibly be that tramp, Aubree, could it? This was their wedding video discussion, and they needed to decide which moments to cherish and which guests to feature. But now Andrew was walking out.
"Kenzo. He left something very important at my place. I'll be back in thirty minutes."
###Chapter 713
Chapter 713
Relief Пooded Tesso as she realized it was Kenzo on the line-not Aubree. That was a bullet dodged. A playful smile graced her lips, and a blush crept onto her cheeks. "Mmmm, don't forget tonight is our wedding night," she teased
She tiptoed up and planted a soft kiss on Andrew's lips, lingering and deepening the embrace with a growing passion. They shared a ten-minute kiss in front of the photographer, a marathon of affection before finally porting
Kissing women was not something Andrew was averse to, especially kissing Tossa. They had been fiancés for so long, so kissing had become second nature to them. However, he had felt a distinct lack of engagement at that particular moment and had compensated by pulling her closer and employing some instinctual techniques
Once he released her, he was eager to head out. His mind was preoccupied with whether Aubree wanted to see him or if it was truly just about a trivial thing like a cellphone. Their relationship had hit a rough patch, and Aubree's demeanor towards him had turned odd. almost as if he was some sort of predator. It used to be that a simple beckoning from him would have had Aubree coming to him meekly; now, he found himself having to approach her
As soon as he got into his car, his phone rang again. "No need to come to the hotel. I'm outside your honeymoon villa. Just come out and hand me the phone. I need it urgently. Her voice wavered slightly as if she'd had a little drink
A crease formed between Andrew's brows, puzzled by her intentions, but he agreed. I'm not at the honeymoon villa. Just wait there. III
be ten minutes."
Aubree leaned back in her car seat, silently gazing out at the world. Five hours earlier she and Brielle had finally found the wish card Brielle had left hanging heavily among many others.
It read-May Andrew and Aubree be bound together for a lifetime.
She had made that wish, and now she personally took down the card, tossed it into the burning pot, and watched as it slowly caught fire and tumed to ash.
Love, it seemed, was just like that-intense and fiery in its prime, leaving not even a pitiful echo in its wake. When it came, it was like waves crashing over her, when it left, it was like mist fading away. Twenty years of her life, her entire youth had burned away in that small, bright flame.
On the way to the Radiant Light Church, she couldn't help but cry. On her return, she felt a chilling indifference.
It was as if the version of Aubree who had loved Andrew, had taken a leap off the cliff outside the Radiant Light Church and was now dead.
Her lips curled into a cold smirk as she opened the sunroof, framing the moon above. This small window to the sky perfectly captured the lunar orb.
Ten minutes later, she heard a car approach. Andrew appeared, walking up to her vehicle and leaning down to knock on her window.
Aubree slowly rolled down the glass, facing Andrew outside,
Andrew handed her the phone, his gaze fixed intently on her. "Where were you today?" he asked.
"Went to light some candles, did you?"
"Hopeful for Tessa and me to split up?"
"Yeah, that would give me a chance, wouldn't it?"
Their banter was as disjointed as ever. Aubree had humbled herself with such probes countless times before, hopeful and cautious in her gaze, but the response was always the same.
"Don't kid yourself. Tessa will always be the one I end up with"
The night air was cold, and Andrew had been feeling a fire burning within him these past days, probably the aftereffects of some concoction Tessa had given him. Seeing Aubree now, his eyes darkened instantly
His gaze swept over Aubree inch by inch. She was dressed beautifully today as if she had made a special effort. Despite the cold, she wore a low-cut gray knit dress that showcased her figure to perfection.
At this close distance, he could smell her scent-the magnolia fragrance that he favored. He had once complimented that scent for its clean and elegant notes, and since then, Aubree had often worn that particular fragrance.
Andrew's mind wrestled with itself. On one hand, he resented Aubree, considering her touched by others, possibly fresh from a lover's bed. Yet, he couldn't resist her allure.
Aubree's body couldn't resist him, and his body couldn't resist Aubree
###Chapter 714
Chapter 714
Aubree's hands gripped the steering wheel of Max's cor, feeling the familiar leather beneath her palms. Upon returning from their brief jaunt, Brielle received a call from Max, who nonchalantly announced that the car was now here, insisting she should not bother purchasing one herself. Brielle accepted the gift from her boyfriend with open arms and a carefree smile
Aubree had driven straight from Pearl Estate, eager to make the most of the time she had. She glanced at Andrew's hand resting on the window sill.
Aubree reached out covered his hand with her own, and playfully lifted his fingertips before bringing her lips close and biting down gently
A tingling sensation nished through his body, a mix of pain and pleasure.
Andrew's eyes flashed red with a mix of anger and something more primal. In a moment void of reason, he flung open the car door, yanked her out, and camed her towards the villa behind them. "Slut!" he hissed, his grip firm as he strode towards the building
He seemed to have forgotten that the villa was meant to be his and Tessa's love nest. It was Tessa who should've been entering those doors tonight.
Once inside the master bedroom, Aubree eyed the swathes of decor with raised eyebrows. Her fingers traced lightly across Andrew's
chest.
"In the honeymoon suite?" she mused
Without another word, Andrew pressed her into the sea of sheets, the stark contrast taking his breath away. In a frenzy, he tore at Aubree's clothes, his kisses growing more fierce by the second.
Tessa's scent lingered on his lips, her presence on his skin. Aubree felt a wave of revulsion, yet her legs wrapped tighter around his waist, her breath teasing his car. "Can we turn on the TV? It might be fun,” she whispered suggestively.
Andrew was beyond the point of caring about her whims.
The bedroom door remained ajat and within the room, a hidden television was embedded into the wall - one of Andrew's favorite features. Without a second thought, he grabbed the remote and turned it on. His hands ripped away the last of Aubree's intimate apparel
Aubree struggled for breath under his fervent kisses, nearly suffocating. It was supposed to be Tessa in this bed on their wedding night, yet here was Aubree, willingly defiling herself beyond caring for her own purity.
Andrew's eyes clouded over with an intoxicating mixture of desire and something darker. "You like this, don't you? Are you watching that kind of stuff now?" he growled.
"It makes it more exciting doesn't it?" Aubree repl
Aubree replied with a teasing smile, wrapping her arms around his neck.
"Whore!" he cursed again, only to hear a voice from the video.
"Make it sound good. This one's for your brother."
"Did you fight back like this with Andrew?"
"Please, stop..
"Stop
what? Ha, you really are desperate."
Andrew stiffened, slowly tuming his head to the screen. All the heat in his veins turned to ice.
The video showed Aubree's struggles, tears, pleas, and then her resignation... And there on the bed, amidst the sheets, lay Aubree with a smile blossoming on her face.
Her legs still clung to Andrew's waist, her eyes sultry. "Aren't we continuing?" she purred
Andrew shook, his complexion pale, speechless from the shock. But Aubree was relentless, her hands pulling his face down to meet her lips. She was like a peach ripening to the point of decay in an oil painting, her colors a blend of beauty and rot.
She was indeed a peach gone bad.
Andrew remained silent, overwhelmed by the scene before him. His retinas were painted with the color of blood. His heart cracked, and his bones felt crushed to dust.
###Chapter 715
Chapter 715
Aubree caught the sadness etched on his face, the crumbling of his composure, and let out a soft, unexpected chuckle.
She rolled over pinning him beneath her, "What's wrong? Don't like it? When Tessa had people treat me like trash, I thought you were behind it. After all, you and those guys are all the same, calling me a slut at every turn."
For a moment, Andrew seemed unable to comprehend her words, seeing only her lips moving. His vision began to blur, and the vile words seemed to smash through screens and time itself, breaking his bones one by one.
The pain was so intense he wished for oblivion. His arms involuntarily wrapped around Aubree, his shoulders were shaking, and his whole body quivered.
Aubree saw his agony and miraculously stopped feeling her own pain. It turned out that not only joy needed to be shared, but so did suffering.
Andrew buried his face in her neck. This tall man sobbed silently. His tears splashed onto her skin, holding her tight as if she would vanish.
Aubree just listened to the sound of his crying, her gaze sweeping across the rooms swathes of color, feeling both amusement and madness. She wasn't content suffering alone in hell so Andrew and Tessa could join her.
Andrew's hands were weak, and his grip loosened as he trembled and tried to dress her piece by piece, but his hands shook too violently. Even such a simple task was beyond him.
Aubree sat on the edge of the bed, her expression blank. So this was what Andrew looked like when he cried. She watched him collapse to his knees, clutching at her legs. He was weak all over He should have destroyed the TV, but he couldn't stand, only able to hold her legs and weep with suppressed grief.
Taking a deep breath, Aubree pushed his head away, her voice steady. "If you're not going to do anything, I'm leaving."
She dressed quietly but heard him plead, "Don't go."
"Andrew, tonight was supposed to be you and Tessa's wedding night."
He looked up at her, his face streaked with tears. "Why didn't you say anything before? Why did you keep silent?"
Aubree smiled slightly, squatting down to meet his gaze. "Because I wanted to see you marry someone like Tessa. I thought it'd be fun to watch you torment each other. Two people I despise are finally together and bound to tear each other apart. You and Tessa are the ones who belong in hell."
Andrew sat on the cold floor, feeling each word she spat out like a blade. Finally, he coughed, tasting blood, and when he wiped his mouth, his fingertips came away red...
Aubree watched with satisfaction, even pausing to smile at the TV.
Andrew scrambled to his feet, pulling her into an embrace and covering her eyes. "Don't look, please don't."
"How can I not? Tessa sends me the video every day!"
Her tone was indifferent, and while she could feel his pain and trembling, it wasn't unbearable. She inhaled deeply, pushing him away. "I chose your wedding night to tell you, hoping you'd like this gift. I'm leaving now, and this time, I'm seriously telling you, it's over between us."
"It's not over for me" Andrew said stubbornly, his swollen eyes meeting hers, realizing how cruel he had been.
How much pain had he caused her by repeating the same words as the men in the video? How much pain had she felt when he defended Tessa, the instigator, right in front of her? Perhaps his current anguish couldn't compare to even a fraction of hers.
Aubree truly didn't want to stay any longer, stepping towards the stairs to leave. In a fit of rage, Andrew smashed the TV with a vase and then grabbed her from behind. "Aubree, don't be like this."
His words were cut short as the living room door swung open. There stood Tessa, still in her bridal gown, but witnessing her newly wedded husband clinging to Aubree, his posture almost servile.
###Chapter 716
Chapter 716
Andrew's head was buried in Aubree's neck, and he felt as if his whole body were floating, empty of substance.
His eyes blazed with a searing agony.
"Aubree."
Tm sorry.
His arms encircled Aubree, his knobby hands loosened their grip feebly, his throat was choked up, and tears fell onto her skin.
Aubree just stood there, motionless, on his wedding night. With his wife's horified gaze upon them, he begged Aubree humbly to stay. It struck Aubree as funny, but she couldn't muster a single laugh.
She remembered the day and moment her gaze first landed on him. Back then, she hadn't realized this man would become her greatest joy and her deepest despair,
Maybe that was just life, spending ages in confusion, investing in the wrong things, only to grow in a few fleeting moments. "Happy wedding day" She said calmly, then pushed past him and walked toward the door.
Tessa, clad in her bridal gown, felt icy cold and a buzzing in her ears. She wanted to scream in terror and slap Aubree across the face. but she was drained of all strength, like a clown excluded from the show, watching Andrew clutch at Aubree with earnest eyes.
"Aubree, I'm sorry, please don't do this.
Andrew's tears flowed so fiercely that he could barely see what was in front of him. He was panicked and afraid. He was afraid she might actually step back into the sister role for good.
It was Aubree who had crossed the line first and came to him. Now, she wanted to retreat unscathed. How could she?
Andrew clutched at her sleeve like a dog about to be abandoned. Aubree pried his fingers off one by one, but he embraced her tightly from behind. "Don't go."
Aubree felt the wetness on her neck, probably soaking through her clothes. She never knew Andrew's tears could be so plentiful. Suddenly, Aubree felt like crying too, though she probably ran out of tears because nothing came. She only felt a heavy, oppressive
sadness
Taking a deep breath, she felt as if she were about to break Andrew's fingers to push him away. She said nothing, just walked past Tessa and descended the stairs.
Tessa stood frozen against the wall, unable to move, as if all her senses had been stripped away, offering no reaction at all. Perhaps when one was utterly hopeless, that was the expression they wore. The sound of Andrew's sorrowful crying reached her ears like a knife carving at her heart. Andrew had never cried for her, and she had never seen this side of him
With Aubree gone, Andrew slowly sank to the floor, hands covering his face, shoulders shaking, and ragged sobs escaping through his fingers.
Tessa felt an immense pain so acute she thought she might die. It was her wedding night, she was married to the man she wanted most, and it should have been a joyous return to spend the evening. She even prepared her body meticulously, but what she returned to was this scene.
Now Aubree was gone, not even sparing her a glance.
ly pitied her, allowing her to have this marriage.
Tessa felt a deep sense of humiliation, as if Aubree had merely
No, she couldn't believe it! Andrew had to love her!
She slowly knelt down against the wall in her bridal dress, crawling towards Andrew to might realize how good she was if she showed a little care now.
embrace him. This heartbroken, pitiful man
But as she reached out, Andrew stood up and kicked her over. Tessa couldn't withstand the blow, and she collapsed, breathing unevenly. "Andrew?" She stared at Him in disbelief, thinking the whole ordeal must have been an illusion.
How could it be? How could Andrew bear to treat her like this?
Andrew stood there, crying and laughing, feeling his heart ache so intensely he wanted to rip it out.
###Chapter 717
Chapter 717
"Andrew, I'm so scared," Tessa sobbed and collapsed on the floor. Fear had consumed her. How had their lives spiraled into this nightmare? And on their wedding night, no less. Andrew her Andrew, would never normally lay a finger on her. Something was tembly
wrong
She prayed for a retum to normaley, but Andrew advanced toward her with a predatory step.
Panic-stricken, Tessa scrambled back until she was comered, her back pressed against the cold wall. The murderous intent emanating from Andrew was unmistakable, and she felt a chilling certainty that she wouldn't survive the night.
Her cheeks were streaked with tears, her fingernails digging painfully into her palms. "Andrew, please stop, please. I'm really scared," she cried, shaking her head, curling into a ball in the comer, her eyes wide with terror
Andrew's hand shot out, fingers wrapping around her delicate throat
Did Aubree not feel fear when the assault happened? How could Tessa do that to Aubree?
Echoing in Andrew's mind were Aubree's words- "I thought you were behind it His eyes, bloodshot with rage and sorrow, spilled over with tears. Even as he hurt Tessa, the pain in his own heart was insurmountable.
Andrew wanted to end Tessa, but his fingers lacked the strength. Overwhelmed by grief, his hand trembled and fell away as a sob brake from his throat, a sound akin to a wounded beast at the height of its anguish.
He wanted to roat to tear the room asunder, but he could not muster the strength. All his energy seemed to have been sapped the moment he saw that damning video.
As he tried to wipe the tears from his cheeks, they only seemed to multiply. A sickly sweet taste filled his throat. He yearned to pass out. to escape into unconsciousness, but he remained agonizingly awake and utterly powerless.
Feeling his grip loosen, Tessa opened her eyes through her tears and wrapped her arms around him, seeking some semblance of warmth. "Andrew..."
Every part of him ached, especially where Tessa clung to him. He wished he could tear off that patch of skin. Pushing her away, he used the wall for support to stand, his crimson gaze sweeping the room. He pulled out a lighter and set the curtain aflame.
"No, no! Andrew, I'm begging you, stop! This is our honeymoon suite!" Tessa's voice was hoarse with desperation. She clung to his legs. pleading, tears streaming down her face. The embroidery on their bedding, the stitches on her bridal gown-all handcrafted, all burning before her eyes.
"Andrew, what's happened to you?" she cried, her voice a raw, anguished rasp
Her wedding night was in ruins, the room choking with smoke as the flames took hold, but Andrew just stood in silence, watching it all
burm.
"Andrew..." Tessa clung to his legs, trying to stand. He kicked her away. His upbringing never taught him not to strike a woman. His shoe landed on Tessa's chest, and he felt nothing but calm as she writhed in agony.
Aubree was right-Andrew and Tessa were the ones who deserved hell.
In the end, Tessa's tears ran dry, replaced by a hoarse, painful wail. She watched as her cherished decor turned to ash. If she didn't escape, both she and Andrew would be consumed by the blaze. Andrew gave her one last look before walking away. She begged him to take her with him; she was too weak to escape on her own. But he left without a backward glance, his departure resolute and cold. As he disappeared, Tessa found a reserve of strength fueled by resentment. She dragged herself towards safety, her fingernails snapping, trailing blood behind her. When she reached the ground floor, she saw Andrew outside, smoking against the backdrop of a fiery inferno, their silhouettes aglow
Tessa collapsed on the ground, now free from the flames. She cried bitterly, her body wracked with pain
The wedding night she had longed for ended in tragic disarray. The man she loved had abandoned her to save himself.
###Chapter 718
Chapter 718
She screamed in me her voice hoarse, at the beautiful bridal gown the wore was charred at the hem, dirt smudging its once pristine whiteness
Gritting her teeth, the wanted to confront Andrew, to demand why he would treat her this way, but Andrew was just standing a short distance away, silently smoking
His lips trembled slightly, his fingers holding the cigarette until it burned down to the nuh, oblivious to the pain
Tears spilled from his eyes again, trailing down his chin to the cold, unforgiving ground Had it not been for the nights events, he would never have known he was capable of so many tears. His eyes were like a broken faucet
He dared not think of the name Aubree. The very thought was a stab of pain so intense he felt like doubling over.
The cigarette was now finished, and he got into his car parked nearby and drove away without a word
"Andrew!"
Andrew
Tessa shouted in panic, trying to rise and chase after him, but exhaustion pinned her down, forcing her to watch his car leave a tral of exhaust in its wake
She was so cold, so hungry, and to very frightened. Andrew had abandoned her Was she to spend the entire night shivering in her thin dress on the icy ground?. She would die, she really would,
quiet
"Andrew, please come back" she sobbed, her voice raw. But the night around her grew qui
Instead of Andrew, the fire brigade came to extinguish the flames, and the next morning, she was sent back to the Clements family
estate
News of the fire at Andrew's honeymoon suite spread among their social circle. Some called it an ill omen, and others accused Tessa of bringing bad luck.
Tessa had hoped this manage would restore her social status, now, she was shunned even more, labeled a jinx not only to the Rowland family but to Andrew himself.
When Brelle heard of the fire, she was surprised. Last night, Aubree had come back to Pearl Estate very late, and after having some drinks and watching a vanety show, they had fallen asleep. Aubree hadn't even woken up yet.
Brielle didn't want to disturb her. Seeing the news about the fire, she felt a sense of vindictive satisfaction, Serves them night! Why couldn't that damned couple have burned in the blaze?
She was unaware that Aubree had visited that villa last night. She was too tired to keep track and had slept deeply and soundly Brielle had intended to share the good news with Aubree, but she opened the guest room door and saw Aubree still sleeping soundly. Brielle simply closed it again and went to the supermarket to buy ingredients for breakfast.
It had been a while since she had made breakfast at her place. She simmered soup and stir-fried a few dishes, then received a message from Max [Are you coming over?) they stayed at the Pearl Estate
She and Aubree had returned to Beaconsfield late last night, so they
Soon, Пl bring breakfast. Made it myself.]
She made three portions and bought a beautiful thermos to keep the food warm.
[Okay!
Brielle didn't reply further and focused on preparing the breakfast
Aubree got out of bed and went to the bathroom, relieved to see her eyes weren't too swollen. After washing up quickly, she walked into the living room to find the table laden with steaming dishes, which warmed her heart.
Brielle was just serving the last dish. "You're awake. You have a shoot today, so eat up, and we'll head out together"
Aubree nodded, and they sat down to breakfast in silence.
Aubree noticed Brielle carefully packing another portion into the thermos and teased, "Oh, delivering breakfast to our esteemed CEO, Max, are we?"
This was the first time Brielle was doing something like this, especially in front of her best friend, and she couldn't help but blush. Aubree clicked her tongue in amusement and circled Brielle, "I mean, you and Max have sex enough times, and you still blush like a schoolgirl at the slightest tease,"
Brielle had enough, grabbin Aubree's arm. "Cut it out. Let's go, the crew is waiting for you."
10:54
Chapter 718
In the car, Brielle still felt her cheeks burning with erbarmssment. She drove to Dorsey International and asked Aubree to wall while she delivered the breakfast upstairs
Aubree chuckled, "Go on, but remember, it's just breakfast - don't get sidetracked."
Brielle's face grew hotter, and she quickly took the elevator up.
Aubree sat in the car, watching Brielle's figure disappear before she allowed her smile to fade and turned on the radio. The news was about Andrew. His honeymoon suite had been set on fire in the middle of the night.
Aubree thought she had steeled her heart against anything related to Andrew Still, after hearing his name unexpectedly, she felt her composure crumbling, leaving her feeling like a ruin in an instant.
It seemed the softest part of her heart was still reserved for Andrew. But no longer was she filled with hope.
People really couldn't be persuaded. Brielle had tried to warn her, but she always thought she could hold on. Now, the pain had been her wake-up call.
She wanted to see a bigger sky and venture into it with Brielle by her side.
###Chapter 719
Chapter 719
Brielle arrived at the top floor of Dorsey International, and, as usual, Annie was the first person she ran into. However, Annie seemed to be in a sour mood today. She barely acknowledged Brielle's greeting before resuming whatever she was busily tending to at her desk. With a lunchbox in hand, Brielle didn't linger and entered Max's office without knocking a privilege she had always enjoyed.
As the door swung open and she caught sight of five or six executives withiri, her face instantly stiffened. Some were standing others sitting, but all quickly overted their gaze when Brielle entered. "The presentation is ready for you, boss, one of them said, noting the lunchtime interruption. "We'll circle back after you've eaten." The executives, avoiding any further eye contact, filed out one by one. Frozen at the doorway, Brielle felt the lunchbox burning in her grip.
Max closed his laptop and raised an eyebrow at her lingering presence. With nervous energy, Brielle marched forward, her heart pounding like a drum solo as embarrassment washed over her. "Made you breakfast," she said, attempting a casual tone
Max wrapped an arm around her waist, leaning in for a kiss, but Brielle dodged his advance. "Aubree's waiting for me downstairs."
She dreaded the teasing she'd endure from Aubree if she showed up looking too...glowing.
Max sighed and withdrew his arm. At his gesture of disappointment, Brielle's heart twinged with reluctance. "Tll be back at Premier Palace tonight."
Hearing this, Max's Adam's apple bobbed. His gaze raked over her, and his voice roughened. "I'll make it home early, too."
Her cheeks flushed with understanding. They'd both been so busy tangled in-miscommunications, and now was their chance to
reconnect
The usually solemn office seemed to bloom with romantic bubbles at her arrival, but with the executives due to return, Brielle didn't dare stay long.
"I should go." she said, turning to leave, but Max called out, "Brielle."
She looked back to see him touch his lips - the message clear
Amused, Brielle wrapped her arms around his neck and planted a quick kiss on his lips. The moment, however, quickly escalated, and their kiss deepened.
"I wanted to discuss the project further, I think... The door burst open, revealing one of the previously departed executives, who, upon realizing the situation, clamped the door shut again. "Sorry for the interruption."
Brielle's face blazed with embarrassment, frustration boiling over. She wished she could disappear from the planet. Blaming herself for succumbing to temptation, she stormed out, avoiding any eye contact as she headed straight for the private elevator, jabbing the button more than necessary.
Still feeling overheated, she found Aubree's eyes on her as she slid into the car. "Your lipstick is smeared."
Wishing for a crevice to swallow her whole, Brielle touched her lips, realizing the light color had bled beyond their edges. Aubree, with a smirk, handed her a tissue. "Mr. Dorsey must get a kick out of seeing you all flustered like that. What a perv."
000000
Brielle wiped her mouth clean, avoiding a response, and drove them to Stellar Stage Entertainment in silence.
Today's shoot was s still at Stellar Stage, and Aubree's scenes were up soon. They parted ways in the parking lot-Brielle to her office, Aubree to the set.
Walking through the hallway, Brielle greeted young artists from Stellar Stage, all beaming and shyly calling out, "Ms. Haywood."
"Ms. Haywood, you're even more stunning in person."
"Ms. Haywood, I've been dying to meet you."
Brielle responded politely until she reached her office, where she found Dustin already waiting, his presence a surprise. "Mr. Lynch?" Dustin's eyes were lined with evident fatigue. Seeing her arrive, he massaged his temples. "BrL was everything okay last night?" She didn't mind Dustin's impromptu visit or that he was in her office. To her, he was always one to follow his whims
She asked Donny to bring in some tea.
"Still troubled about your sister's situation, Mr. Lynch?"
His expression darkened. "We checked out Mark. His background is clean. His wife's whereabouts, though, remain a mystery. No trace of her. And with the Sunflower Children's Home records destroyed, it's impossible to track all the kids adopted over the years."
Dustin stood, ceding the main chair to her and settling onto the couch with a heavy sigh like he was confiding in a close friend. "My grandmother doesn't have much time left. The doctors issued another critical notice."
###Chapter 720
Chapter 720
Brielle couldn't help but empathize with Dustin, as she was without family ties
"Mr. Lynch, why don't you head back and keep your grandma company? The Lynch clan's power plays are so convoluted, and you've talked about the resistance you're up against. Finding what you're looking for won't happen overnight"
Dustin closed his eyes, fighting back the warmth welling up inside. "I know, which is why I won't be coming back to Beaconsfield anytime soon. I'm going to stay by my grandma's side."
Brielle felt a twinge of emotion. He had made a special trip just to see her before he left. She also considered Dustin a friend.
"Oh, and when I met with Mark, he asked me to bring something for you" Dustin nodded towards the table.
Brielle spotted the wooden box and furrowed her brow in curiosity. What could Mark possibly have for her?
When she opened it in front of Dustin, her eyes flickered with surprise. She never expected to find a paternity test inside.
Just seeing the words "paternity test on the cover was enough for Brielle; she didn't need to look any further. So Mark had been searching for her biological parents all this time, and at last, he had a successful match with one of them.
The confusion between her and Lillian's information had clouded the truth, but with Lillian gone and no one else left, this test was likely legitimate.
Yet Brielle couldn't muster any joy. Her face tightened, a forced smile struggling to appear
Dustin didn't peek inside but sensed her mood darken and stepped closer out of curiosity. Brielle had already closed the box, the weight of it heavy in her heart.
"Bri, what's wrong?"
She shook her head, the smile on her face belying her true feelings. "It's nothing. Thank you for bringing this, Mr. Lynch. How about I treat you to dinner?" Dustin's gaze was soft and warm. There was something about being with Brielle that just felt right. He couldn't resist ruffling her hair gently.
"My cars waiting downstairs, and I'm off to the airport. Bri, I count you as my friend here in Beaconsfield, better than anyone. If you ever find yourself in a bind, give me a call, okay? No matter what, I'll come help you."
His words might have sounded like a confession to some women. But to Dustin, Brielle was just genuinely likable-in looks, personality, and capability. In some ways, she reminded Dustin of his mother. His mother was a celebrated beauty in North American circles, a formidable businesswoman who'd stepped back from the limelight after her sister's disappearance.
Had her sister not gone missing, his mother might have been one of the most influential women in the world two decades ago. But when her sister vanished, she lost interest in accolades, becoming reclusive and forlorn
That loss ended his mother's career and left a scar in Dustin's heart. As the eldest son, it was his duty to pick up the mantle. Now, Infinity Brilliance was more successful than ever, and with that success came more adversaries.
His promise to Brielle was sincere. From the moment he met her, he knew they clicked.
"Mr. Lynch, I remember that."
Brielle was touched, she escorted him to his car and watched him drive away. Only after standing there for a moment did she realize how reluctant she was to see him go. Feeling a sense of loss, she returned upstairs and stared at the wooden box, massaging her temples.
Mark called at that moment. "Bri, did you get the thing Mr. Lynch brought you?"
"I did, thanks, Mark. I thought you'd given up looking."
"How could I? If the Haywood family wasn't your destiny, I had to try something else. I'm sorry for the trouble the Haywoods gave you and how they mistreated you. I did my best this time. The patemity test results just came in. I wanted to bring them myself but worried my visit might cause you problems"
Brielle didn't respond, her mind eerily calm'in the face of the paternity test. She had always wanted to understand why she was left at an orphanage doorstep, why her parents had abandoned her. But after the ordeal with the Haywoods, she found a new sense of acceptance. What mattered most was living well in the present.
ΕΠ
I've included your father's current address in the documents. Whether you decide to see him is up to you"
Brielle's lips pressed into a thin line. She was still not ready to confront the paternity test report. She no longer needed it, letting each other be was perhaps for the best
She planned to drive to Premier Palace after wrapping up at the company, but the reception called with unexpected news-a TV crew from Beaconsfield's "Life Focus" had shown up in force.
Just two hours earlier, the show had received a plea from a man claiming to have lost his daughter over twenty years ago. Now that she
was a public figure, a wealthy CEO, he was demanding a hundred million for support.
###Chapter 721
Chapter 721
The ratings for "Life Focus" had been in the pits for the last couple of years. With new shown popping up left and right, their family-reunion angle just wasn't drowing the crowds. Word around the office was that a rebrand was imminent, so when they heard someone wanted to reconnect with a long-lost daughter, their knee-jerk reaction was to decline.
"The guy says his daughter is Brielle, an assistant informed, hesitating slightly. "You know, the Brielle that caused a media frenzy yesterday"
The director's eyes bulged, half-convinced he'd misheard. "You mean the Brielle who got publicly called out by Amelia? The CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, that Brielle?!"
"Yes, that's the one"
"Book it! Get him in here, pronto!"
Brielle was the talk of the town, the name on everyone's lips. Any show that featured her was guaranteed skyrocketing viewership.
"But the assistant cautiously began, "I heard this guy abandoned his daughter at an orphanage twenty years ago. Now that she's made it big, he's suddenly reappeared, demanding a hundred million in support. It seems a bit....
"Enough," the director interjected sharply. "We're in the business of buzz. The more the viewers rant, the higher our ratings climb" And so, the scene was set
The host of "Life Focus surrounded by a crew of producers and technicians, camped out in the lobby of the Stellar Stage Entertainment building, waiting.
The receptionist had already buzzed Brielle, who was on her way down.
Stellar Stage Entertainment, being a premier entertainment company, spared no expense on appearances. The lobby was chic, and the sofas were top-of-the-line imports.
The host, a 25-year-old man, was visibly nervous as the live broadcast continued. The online buzz had reached a fever pitch. When word got out that this was a reunion show for Brielle, the online audience had surged to the point of nearly crashing their servers. They were experiencing the highest viewership in the history of the show!
In past episodes, children had been reunited with their biological parents, and for the sake of drama, they were encouraged to embrace and weep. But the audience wasn't buying it. They just found it awkward and staged.
The host could hear the production team in his earpiece, shouting with excitement
"We hit ten million views!"
"Twenty million!!"
"We're closing in on thirty million!!!"
Thirty million people watching their livestream was unprecedented. The host's palms were sweaty with anticipation. He turned the camera to Kingston, aiming to warm up the audience before Brielle's arrival. "Mr. Kingston, you've previously mentioned that your daughter is the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment" the host prompted. "Could you elaborate on your intentions for today?"
Kingston, clad in an ill-fitting suit that seemed borrowed, had a calculating look in his eyes as he gazed at the building's entrance. He snapped back to reality when the host addressed him.
"My request is simple," Kingston said, adjusting his tie nervously. "I want my daughter to acknowledge me and to live with us. We had no choice but to leave her at the orphanage back in the day. The folks at the DNA center called us and told us she's doing well, Everyone knows how lucrative the entertainment industry is. She's a CEO, yet she hasn't given us a dime in support all these years." "And after she was taken in by the Haywood family, she changed her surname. She needs to revert it back. She has no blood relation to the Haywoods. Her mother is worried sick; we used to visit her at the orphanage, spending every penny we had on her. Now that she's grown up, it's time for her to repay her parents. If she refuses to recognize me as her father, I'm asking for a hundred million in support" A hundred million-the online crowd was incredulous. This man hadn't cared for his daughter in over two decades and was now demanding a fortune.
Yet some viewers felt that blood ties couldn't be severed so easily. Brielle was making money hand over fist surely, she could afford to give her biological parents something. To her, a hundred million would be a drop in the bucket, wouldn't it?
The elevator dinged, and Brielle appeared. The camera swung to capture her entrance.
The viewers saw a woman dressed in a simple yet formal outfit walking towards them. Her eyes, firm and clear, swept over the room, exuding a powerful presence that put everyone on edge.
Fully briefed on the situation, Brielle nodded to the camera and then to the host-a courteous acknowledgment to the online audience. and those present. Taking a seat opposite Kingston, her tone was measured, and her demeanor was composed.
"Speak," she said.
###Chapter 722
Chapter 722
The expected flood of tears didn't materialize, leaving Kingston with a lump in his throat and an awkward expression that hung somewhere between wanting to cry and riot being able to shed a single tear The shock wasn't confined to the studio; even online viewers were reeling from the drama.
"Brielle's being so cold. I mean, that's her biological father standing right there!"
"How can you call someone 'dad' if all they did was bring you into the world but didn't raise you?"
"Sure, she's made a fortune, but I heard her old man's on welfare. If she's this heartless with her own kin, Imagine how she treats the rest of the world."
The live chat was in uproar due to Brielle's attitude, fervent comments flying every which way.
Backstage, the crew watched the numbers skyrocket, eyes glowing with excitement. "We've hit 50 million views! Get the camera on Brielle, now! The audience can't get enough of her!"
The director's word was law, and soon enough, Brielle's indifferent face filled the screens, sending the ratings through the roof. After all, this was the sensational newsmaker's first live public appearance! Kingston was miffed, expecting a tearful reunion since every woman supposedly longs for a family. But Brielle's face was too composed. Was this really the face of someone meeting their father? Trying to control his imitation as they were still on air-Kingston played his part
"I'm your biological father, Kingston. I only got the paternity confirmation today. The hospital called me immediately. Back then, we were struggling financially and just couldn't afford another child, so we had to send you to the orphanage. Your mother was devastated and cried for days. We visited you as much as we could until our family faced more hardships, and we lost touch. We've been looking for you all these years. You've done so well for yourself. It's truly astounding, Bri.”
Tears welled up in Kingston's ey
eyes as he reached out to gmb Brielle's hand.
Brielle withdrew her hand from the table, her face betraying no emotion at his words.
At that moment, a receptionist brought over water, serving everyone a cup before respectfully asking Brielle. "Ms. Haywood, would you like some snacks as well?"
"No, thank you,"
The receptionist nodded, offered a polite smile, and left.
Kingston bristled at being ignored, his pride wounded. His daughter was the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, and this young lady didn't give him the time of day. What was the meaning of this? "Br, no offense, but your receptionist lacks respect. I've just told her I'm your father, and she couldn't care less. You should fire her and find someone younger and prettier."
Brielle remained silent, sipping her water calmly.
Kingston, taking her silence as agreement, pressed on with his prepared speech. "Now that you're doing well, your mother and I are very happy. You haven't met your brother yet, have you? We told him about you, and he's ecstatic. He wants to join you at Stellar Stage Entertainment. It would set our hearts at ease to have you two at the same company. Find him a good position, weill you? A six-figure salary should suffice. He won't settle for less, and as your brother, it wouldn't reflect well on you if his salary were too low, would it, Bri?" Kingston's face was flushed with a mix of excitement and anticipation. "Girls shouldn't earn so much. I've seen the news about your ex-fiancé, and we worry you'll run into another deadbeat. Your mother and I think it's best if you keep your money with us. That way, if you get a boyfriend, you won't naively hand over your hard-earned cash. Men are unreliable. We're just looking out for you. If you ever want to buy a house or anything else, just tell us, and well make sure you have the funds." Kingston had it all figured out, confident Brielle would comply. After all, she was his daughter. On his way there, he'd boasted to his neighbors about his long-lost daughter, who had become a CEO overnight. The heavens must've blessed them. Her success was surely a karmic reward for their past actions. If they hadn't given her up, she wouldn't have achieved what she had today.
Sinning trener back eligidly and monyet everything with dights Levha
The hot face etiffened looking rather shempi jutowing a request, staying true to the show a
No edit yoursel. To The focus is on being lost. But I was deliberately abandoned, if I had mat yang tep
but now that I'm a CFO,
From start to 'stone was detached devoid of anger or sentment, but laced with a casual, didnt nude and ca
wara not. The heat sho
mending searches spanking another widespread online de
bed her hand and took a gente sip of her water "Let's so the moral hijacking, shall we? if you have something more 16 ca silencing
1. an. Even the seasoned Nost couldn't help but
narece the staff woes continued "Keep it going The ratings west climbing-weaking record
1. dn. i Caught off guard by such gutan tutibled nooding along with the hosts words "Thats ght, but still hope you'll come
se looking at the
impatience in
locked up at hun with
smile wecome party? Or is it more about ananging you for your eces and
gets face stiffened Thought my but that everyone and now that he had found the power daughter
ph
as minking After all, he had lived insignificantly his whole life. chance to boual among friends and family. The moment ha qui
se of b
a good job for that aftapm
hapter 723
###Chapter 723
Chapter 723
"Bri, when are you planning to come with me to visit your home? Your mom and your brother are waiting for you. It's not like you're
married or anything"
Kingston was playing a loud game in his head, not once considering whether Brielle would agree to it. A girl who'd been wandering the world for so many years, suddenly sought out by her biological father, would surely be overwhelmed Brielle was silent. She hadn't said a word yet-probably too choked up to even start
Kingston's cheeks flushed with emotion, and he sighed deeply. "Don't worry, we'll make up for all the years of parental love you've missed out on " With that, he began to weep and glanced at the show host The host, microphone in hand, knew that the live audience must've been in an uproar, as Kingston's words were bound to stir controversy
But controversy was exactly what they wanted for the show!
Many of the viewers were middle-aged or older, and to this demographic, family was everything. The colder Brielle seemed, the more she would be scomed!
The host, a veteran in the industry, knew exactly how to retreat gracefully while controlling the atmosphere. He passed the microphone to Brielle with a smile. "Ms. Brielle, what are your thoughts on Mr. Kingston's words here? The show received a request from Mr. Kingston this morning, hoping to reunite with his daughter. According to him, you haven't given him a cent over the years, nor have you sought out your biological parents. He resorted to this method as a last hope-the love of a parent knows no bounds."
The love of a parent knows no bounds. Brielle raised an eyebrow. Was that how that phrase was used?
She found it amusing, leaned back slightly, and surveyed everything before her with a slight smile. "I haven't been in the entertainment business long, and I've only recently become the president of Stellar Stage Entertainment. I'm surprised-is this how TV shows are done these days?"
Her words seemed polite and filled with wonder, but they were anything but courteous. She was mocking the show's desperate grab for ratings. The host's face stiffened, looking rather sheepish. "We're just following a request, staying true to the show's mission-to reunite every lost child with their family."
"You said it yourself, lost. The focus is on being lost. But I was deliberately abandoned. If I hadn't met Mark, I'd probably have frozen to death by now. My father' didn't look for me when I was sick or when I was starving, but now that I'm a CEO, he comes sniffing around. Does such a person even deserve to ask me for money?"
From start to finish, Brielle's tone was detached, devoid of anger or resentment, but laced with a casual, disdainful attitude and a calm
gare
The comments in the live broadcast were exploding-most were supportive, and a few were not. The heat shot up to the top of the trending searches, sparking another widespread online debate.
Brielle lifted her hand and took a gentle sip of her water. "Let's skip the moral hijacking, shall we? If you have something more to say. speak." Her presence was overpowering, silencing everyone in the room. Even the seasoned host couldn't help but swallow hard, at a loss for
words.
F5 B * IS 5 F
In his earpiece, the staff's voices continued. "Keep it going! The ratings are still climbing-we're breaking records!"
Can such a thing as human nature feed all the workers in a show's production team?
The host took a deep breath, his face still smiling. "Ms. Brielle, Mr. Kingston isn't trying to guilt-trip you, nor is he demanding a billion dollars. He simply hopes you'll take his surname. If you refuse to acknowledge him as your father, he wishes for a billion in support." Caught off guard by such a scene, Kingston fumbled, nodding along with the host's words. That's right, Bri. But I still hope you'll come home with us. All the relatives are waiting, and we've even planned a welcome party for you."
+ Brielle set down her cup, looking at the man with an indifferent gaze. His face was etched with schemes, his eyes alight with the thrill of
impending success, showing no genuine joy at finding his daughter-unless that joy was due to the wealth she represented.
Disappointment and loss swept through her heart, settling into calm. She didn't show impatience. Instead, she looked up at him with a smile. "A welcome party? Or is it more about arranging jobs for your nieces and nephews?
Kingston's face stiffened. Though it was true-this was what everyone was thinking. After all, he had lived insignificantly his whole life, and now that he had found his powerful daughter, he wouldn't miss this chance to boast among friends and family. The moment he got the DNA results and learned of Brielle's identity, he notified all his relatives.
Now, they were all waiting at home, eager to catch a glimpse of Brielle and, incidentally, secure a good job for their offspring.
###Chapter 724
Kingston was fuming. Brielle's indifferent attitude was getting under his skin, and he was at a loss for words.
"You know, it's only right to look after the family. Haven't you ever thought about where you'd be if we hadn't left you at the doorstep of that orphanage? You owe your whole life to that moment. We don't expect your gratitude, but you've got our blood in your veins, and now that you've struck it rich, you can't just turn your back on your poor relatives."
Brielle's brow creased, a flicker of emotion breaking through her usually composed demeanor.
Even the show's host was speechless. This man's words were shameless.
Backstage, the production crew was buzzing.
"The ratings are through the roof! Let Kingston keep talking! Quick, keep the cameras on Brielle."
Her face was made for the camera, even the slightest frown looked stunning. Her aloofness against Kingston's scheming created a stark contrast that set the internet ablaze.
She just chuckled softly and slid a card onto the table. "I've consulted with the doctors. The best sperm goes for about twenty thousand dollars, and the best egg roughly forty thousand. Sure, carrying a baby for nine months is tough, so I'll give you ten thousand a month for that. All in all, it adds up to a hundred and sixty thousand dollars. I'm offering you a lump sum to sever all ties with you. Take this card, and don't come looking for me again."
"Brielle! Is this how you treat your own father?!"
Kingston couldn't hold back any longer, his face darkening with anger. He had wanted a fortune - a billion, not a measly hundred and sixty thousand. Was she looking down on him?
Brielle's eyes grew colder as she raised an eyebrow. "So, what you're saying is, you don't want the hundred and sixty thousand, is that right?"
Kingston felt the pressure mount, his eyes pleading with the host.
The host quickly pushed the card back. "Ms. Brielle, isn't this sum a tad insulting to your own father?"
Kingston, as if he found his backbone, breathed a sigh of relief. "That's right. Brielle, you're really out of line. Your mother and I have been searching for you for years, and this is how you repay us? We're so disappointed."
Brielle gestured, and a receptionist approached with an admiring look. "Ms. Haywood, what can I do for you?"
Brielle handed her the card, her tone nonchalant. "Donate this hundred and sixty thousand to the orphanage in my name."
"Right away, I'll get someone on it."
Brielle turned to the people in front of her. "I offered you money. It was your choice to refuse it. I didn't want to be harsh, but you really don't
know when to quit. Please, spare me from these ridiculous shows in the future. My appearance fee isn't cheap, and neither is my time. You can't afford to waste it." 
"Brielle! Brielle!"
Failing to get what he wanted, Kingston started shouting in the lobby, causing chaos among the crew. Stellar Stage Entertainment's security was quick to step in and escort them out. Kingston was a man of little substance but great pride. He had dressed up today, thinking he was going to impress at a big company. Instead, he was shown the door.
His face burned with embarrassment, a mix of awkwardness and anger.
Not to mention, the crew was still live-streaming the debacle. He had never been so publicly humiliated.
"I regret ever having her. Should've ended it before she was born. Mark my words, if she doesn't cough up a billion, I'll drag her down to hell with me."
The host quickly directed the camera back to Kingston, capturing his ugly rant for all to see.
His words sent the show's ratings soaring to new heights.
The production team achieved
extremely high viewership, enjoying the sweet taste of success.
However, Kingston left disappointed, stating that he would continue to find ways to reclaim Brielle. 
Seething, Kingston got into his borrowed car and pounded the steering wheel.
How could this be happening? Shouldn't Brielle be overjoyed to reconnect with her biological father?
Grinding his teeth, Kingston dialed his wife. "Are the relatives still around?"
He blamed his hubris, thinking that women belonged at home serving men, and that Brielle would be no different.
Men were always the pillar of
strength for women, and a father was the linchpin of a family. He had expected Brielle to break down in tears, overwhelmed by emotion at finding her pillar. However, she had looked at him as if he were a stranger, a reaction he hadn't anticipated, leaving him humiliated in front of the whole world. 
###Chapter 725
"Everyone's still around, dying to catch a glimpse of Brielle. Why haven't you brought her here yet? I've already promised them that they can all find jobs with a salary over ten grand a month. Honey, we really hit the jackpot this time."
The sound of his wife's nagging voice made Kingston feel irritable.
Why hadn't those relatives left yet? They had been waiting all morning.
He regretted speaking too soon and even inviting so many people over to his place, guaranteeing them he'd bring Brielle back.
Now it felt like a slap in the face.
"Is everyone watching the show?"
"What show? Honey, are you on TV? Oh my gosh, did the network approach you because you're Brielle's dad?"
Learning that they hadn't watched the show yet, Kingston finally felt a bit less embarrassed.
"I'll explain everything when I get back. For now, just find an excuse to send the relatives packing. They weren't this eager to help when we were down and out. Now that they've heard my daughter is a CEO, they're all too willing to grace us with their presence. As for the jobs, let's wait and see who's the most sincere, and we'll make a deal with them."
The woman thought it over and agreed. Why should they hand out favors to these people?
"Alright, I'll talk to them."
Kingston hung up the phone, feeling utterly restless. He had to find a way to make Brielle acknowledge him, or he'd be looked down upon by the relatives sooner or later.
His hands clenched tightly around the steering wheel as various plans flickered through his mind, only to be dismissed one after another.
Back in the day, giving up his daughter was a simple decision. Their house had two bedrooms - one for him and his wife, and the other for his son. There was no room for a daughter, so she was abandoned. After all, a daughter wasn't seen as useful.
Back then, there was no custom of wedding gifts. Otherwise, he would've never given up his daughter. Raising her could've fetched lots of money now.
Kingston glanced at Stellar Stage Entertainment with a determined look in his eyes.
Meanwhile, Brielle had returned to the Stellar Stage Entertainment building, thinking back on Kingston's words with a hint of amusement.
She took out the paternity test and struggled to believe that such a man could be her father.
A trace of coldness swept across her eyes, but this was Mark's investigation. It was unlikely to be a mistake.
Frustrated, she put the paternity test aside and rubbed her temples.
The phone number of the testing center was on the paper. After a moment's thought, she called to confirm the results, which indeed verified their father-daughte relationship. 
If Kingston had been a decent, uncalculating middle-aged man, who had genuine difficulties when he abandoned her, Brielle wouldn't be so disgusted with her heritage She would have certainly helped her
settle into their old age
comfortably. 
But this family, who preferred a son over a daughter and abandoned her for that reason, was now foolishly hoping to get money from her. Dream on.
Brielle tossed the paternity test documents into a drawer and headed downstairs to drive back to Premier Palace.
The car she was driving was a gift
from Max. She had initially thought it too flashy, but they had just
reconciled, and she couldn't bear to reject her boyfriend's gift, so she accepted it with grace. 
Stepping out of the car, she could smell chicken soup from a distance and chuckled.
Wesley was at it again, brewing soup.
The wreath was still hanging inside Premier Palace, warming her heart as she pushed open the door.
"I'm back." She called out, seeing Max sitting on the couch in a meeting, bathed in the brilliant light from above, as if sprinkled with glittering gold dust.
Her heart warmed up. She used to long for a family and yearn for her parents. However, reality repeatedly played jokes on her.
She realized she shouldn't fantasize about boarding any ship, for she already had the sea.
###Chapter 726
Brielle casually hung her bag and coat on the coat rack nearby. "Caught in a meeting?"
Max glanced up at her, the fleeting warmth in his hazel eyes dissolving as quickly as a mirage, his features tightening into a smirk that hinted at mischief.
At this moment, the camera was still facing him, and in the quiet conference room on the other end of the screen, everyone remained silent, avoiding eye contact and keeping their thoughts to themselves, though their minds were racing with commentary. "Was that Brielle's voice just now? Max is at his own residence, Premier Palace, right?"
"Brielle and Max are living together?!"
"And by the looks of it, this isn't a recent development."
Their faces remained a study in calm, but internally their minds were racing.
Then Brielle's voice came from the screen again. She asked the housekeeper inside the Premier Palace with ease.
"Wesley, are we having soup again today?"
A smile spread across Wesley's face. "Yes, both you and Mr. Max have been working late quite frequently, so I asked the kitchen to make some soup for you."
"Thank you."
"Ms. Brielle, would you like some fruit? We just received an air shipment today."
"Sure, I'm a bit thirsty, actually."
"Alright, I'll have the staff wash some and place it on the side table. Why don't you go wash your hands, and dinner will be ready shortly."
The executives felt as if their ears were playing tricks on them because they could hear everything so clearly. It was clear to them that from top to bottom, Premier Palace treated Brielle like the lady of the house. Unaware that Max had both the camera and the microphone on, Brielle spoke without reservation.
Max sat with an expression of cool indifference, his pale lips parting slightly, the sharp angles of his face as distinct as ever. "Continue."
With that, the conference room once more buzzed into action, summarizing and discussing as before.
When Brielle returned after washing her hands, the meeting had ended. She walked over to the couch where Max had already closed his laptop and was pulling her close by the waist. "Back so late?"
Brielle didn't really want to discuss
al.ne
the matter concerning Kingston, but she knew all too well that she couldn't keep it from Max. And singe she's now with Max, many in Beaconsfield were curious about her background. Now that her biological father had shown up-and such a character at that-her mismatch with Max seemed even more pronounced. 
She raised her hand to rub her temples. "Mark found my biological father. He's not quite what I expected."
There was a tinge of disappointment in her voice. It wasn't that she was unmoved; rather, faced with such a father figure and a TV crew that was only interested in ratings, she had to appear unbreakable. But the truth was, she'd been feeling awful after the show.
During the countless times she went
hungry as a child, she would ask
Mark when her parents would come for her, and if she was unwanted
from birth. Life in the orphanage
was indeed impoverished. There were too few sponsors, and Mark, a laid-off worker, could only provide a meager stipend to support a group of children. 
Brielle was sensible, never allowing herself to eat her fill, always saving what little she could.
In winter, she and Mark would knit hats and scarves for everyone. When it was cold, they huddled together, dreaming of the day they'd find their parents. That hope was perhaps the most beautiful support during those times.
So when the Haywood family came
into her life, she was ecstatic and
overjoyed But because she had to bring another girl back with her, she never dared to act spoiled. She had to be the most understanding child, to strive, to excel, and to earn everyone's praise. 
No matter how well she did, she just was never enough for the Haywood family.
She wasn't a child born of blessings or raised in praise, so she didn't know how to be petulant, always thinking she had to solve everything on her own.
Now the Haywood family was gone, and in their place was Kingston, a self-serving asshole.
The castle in her heart about family completely collapsed. How could she not be heartbroken?
Still, she was grateful for the concept of family. Just that word had helped her endure the hardest yet happiest times.
It seemed her fate was to be devalued, such was her lot in life.
###Chapter 727
"What's on your mind?" Max tilted her face towards him, scanning the confusion etched across her features, his brow furrowed in concern. "Something bothering you?" She was sitting right next to him, close enough for him to quickly pick up on her mood shifts.
Brielle shook her head as a grape popped into her mouth. It was sweet, a burst of sweetness that reached deep into her soul.
"Is it about that TV show crew?" Max's tone was casual as he continued, "I'll have Patrick prepare, and we'll acquire the sponsor of this production team."
Brielle found it amusing, but as she laughed, she pursed her lips and felt a hint of bitterness. "Now there's going to be even more talk about me not being good enough for you." She had let her innermost thoughts slip out without intending to.
Max fell silent. He was looking down, his high nose bridge prominent, his forehead slightly covered by his naturally falling hair, partially concealing his eyes.
Brielle wanted to say something to ease the tension, but her throat tightened. What could she say?
After all, wasn't there some truth to her words?
"Brielle." Max called her name.
"Yeah?"
"Hungry?" "No."
"Good."
She wanted to ask what he meant by that, but in the next moment, she was swept up in his arms, her hands instinctively wrapping around his neck.
When she realized what he intended, her cheeks flushed, "Aren't we about to have dinner?"
Max didn't respond, carrying her into the master bedroom and gently laying her on the bed.
The lights went off, he leaned in, and everything happened so fluidly.
Brielle's fingers were clasped tightly in his, and she heard him say huskily, "Others may say that, but you can't."
He had never thought that way. Brielle was just Brielle, her background irrelevant.
That she had made it into his eyes and heart proved that she was exceptional, truly one of a kind.
His kisses moved from her cheek to her lips, light as a feather, treasured beyond measure.
"As long as you want, from now on, I'm your family."
Warmth surged through Brielle's heart. Perhaps, from now on, Max would indeed be her home.
She felt an unprecedented sense of relief and acceptance. Even without parents, hadn't she made it through these years on her own?
She had walked her path more independently and resolutely than anyone, and now she could comfortably savor the call of the birds, the evening stars, the morning breeze, and the glow of the moon. As for family ties, their absence was a regret but merely that, a regret.
She wrapped her arms around Max's neck, her eyes brimming with tears as she whispered, "Yeah."
Max stroked her hair, his eyes cold and resolute.
Meanwhile, the town of Beaconsfield was anything but peaceful. The industry was abuzz.
Who would have thought that Brielle was from an orphanage, but she also had such a father?
The gossip spread like wildfire, with a touch of condescension.
"Found out about it, Kingston's just a warehouse guard. That house he got was inherited from his father, all dirty and messy."
"Their son dropped out of middle
school and never got a real job, but
his parents, spoiled him and couldn't bear to make him work. Their welfare checks barely add up
wnovel
three grand, all handed to the son." 
"And her mom, what about her? Only got an elementary school education. It's laughable. With a background like that, does the Dorsey family really not mind?"
"Having a warehouse guard for a dad, a maid for a mom who's had run-ins with the law, and a lazy brother to boot. Geez, can someone's birth circumstances really be this poor?" "Such is the life of the common folk."
The chatter was rampant in social circles, especially after the afternoon's live broadcast which had caused quite a stir. Now, it seemed everyone in the circle knew about it.
Regarding Max's affairs, whispers
had circulated, especially since Alivia
had been quiet on social media lately, no more subtle displays of affection. The rumors seemed true: Max had taken a shine to Briette and had even defied Michael for her. 
Now, could Max still be indifferent to the rumors?
In the sanatorium, Martha was practically beside herself with rage, smashing her teacup to the ground. "Damn it! I never imagined such a lowly upbringing! What right does she have to be with Max? Bitch!" The floor was littered with broken porcelain, a testament to Martha's fury.
The staff at the door trembled, too scared to come in and clean up. Alivia was like a savior to them. Alivia raised her hand, signaling everyone to leave, before she walked in. "Martha."
Martha's mood improved considerably upon seeing her. "Alivia, did you see the live broadcast?"
"I did, Martha. But please, don't get too upset. It's not good for your health."
How could Martha not be upset? She felt her temples throbbing with anger.
Martha had thought Brielle was just an unwanted piece of trash, only to discover that the trash had come from a literal dump. And the Dorsey family's most eligible heir had stooped to picking up trash from such a place. 
It was simply preposterous.
###Chapter 728
Alivia's face was alight with glee, her eyes twinkling with barely concealed mirth.
She never would've guessed that Brielle's family background was so terribly lowbrow. It had become the talk of the town, a juicy piece of gossip that many couldn't resist sharing with her. They all hinted that Max would eventually grow weary of the disparity between them. Brielle's humble beginnings were seen as a ceiling to her potential. She was nothing but an accessory to Max's life, they said. And a man like Max would surely find the burden too heavy in time.
Of course, Alivia agreed wholeheartedly, which only bolstered her confidence that she was the one destined to walk down the aisle with Max.
"Martha, you just focus on getting your strength back," Alivia comforted her.
Martha's face was a dance of anger and humiliation - humiliation for her son being entangled with such a woman like Brielle.
She took a deep breath, as if preparing herself to make a monumental decision. "Alivia, do you remember what I told you? I'd lay down my very life to see you and Max together." "Martha, please, calm down."
"Ha! Those two will have a baby before we know it if I don't do something now. That bitch!"
Martha spat out the words, her chest heaving with emotion.
Alivia felt a surge of satisfaction. People like Brielle were beneath her, not even fit to polish her shoes. She didn't need to take Brielle seriously, just bide her time and let others deal with her.
After Alivia soothed Martha with a few more platitudes, her phone rang. She glanced at the caller ID and her expression turned serious. "Martha, excuse me, I need to take this call."
Stepping into the hallway, she took a deep breath before answering, "Mr. Lynch."
Dustin Lynch of Infinity Brilliance was a major player in the research world and one of their leading investors.
It was the financial titans who reigned supreme. The more prestigious the institution, the more formidable its backers. Infinity Brilliance was a household name among the North American elite, and Dustin, the young man at the helm, warranted her utmost courtesy.
Alivia often wondered, though, why
Dustin, known as a flirt, showed so little interest in her. They had met a few times, and while she was head over heels for Max, and determined that healone would be her husband, she couldn't help but feel slighted. Everyone longed to be desired by those they perceived as attractive and successful. 
Dustin had always been nothing but polite, which left Alivia feeling a tinge of defeat.
"Ms. Alivia, I've sent over the new resumes for the institute's staff. We can move forward with the schedule, and I'll need your full cooperation."
"The institute is the one that should be thanking you, Mr. Lynch, for coming all this way to finalize the location."
Dustin chuckled on the other end,
his voice warm and enticing, as though his words were caressing her very soul. "Don't mention it, Ms. Alivia dust ensure you do your part, and the director's position will remain yours." 
As the primary investor, Infinity Brilliance held sway over countless top-tier research institutes and the billions in annual funding they required, granting Dustin the
swnevel.
authority to make such promises. 
Reassured by his words, Alivia relaxed.
Meanwhile, Dustin stood before an expansive floor-to-ceiling window, gazing out at the bustling cityscape.
"Let's leave it at that, Ms. Alivia. Once the staff selection is complete, I expect you to finalize your research focus promptly. Here's to a fruitful collaboration."
Without waiting for her response, he ended the call. Dustin wasn't in the best of spirits and had little interest in domestic affairs.
After delivering this message, he turned off his own phone.
On his desk lay a critical condition notice, prompting a weary sigh as he rubbed his temples.
Decades had passed with no word.
Each attempt had failed to bring back good news, and deep down, he harbored a grim suspicion: perhaps his sister was no longer in this world.
If that were indeed the case, there would so many people brokenhearted.
###Chapter 729
Brielle awoke at 6 AM, feeling the quiet stillness of the early morning. She freshened up quickly and headed downstairs for breakfast, only to realize Max had already left for work.
"Mr. Max left for the office at five in the morning," the housekeeper informed her.
Typical workaholic, Brielle mused.
After a quick meal, she hopped in her car and drove to Stellar Stage Entertainment, her mood souring at the sight of the swarm of reporters waiting like vultures. Their persistence was grating. "Ms. Brielle, is it true you're planning to abandon your father?" one reporter shouted.
"Ms. Brielle, I heard that your father gave you all the little money he had back then, and he doesn't seem as unbearable as you think. As a daughter, isn't it against the law not to support your parents?" another pressed. "Your mother's health is failing. She's been waiting for you to visit," a third added.
Brielle's gaze grew icy as she backed her car away, avoiding the reporters by using a different garage entrance.
Once inside and away from the media frenzy, Brielle's mood hadn't improved by the time she reached her office at the top floor.
Donny walked in with updates that did little to lighten the atmosphere. "Ms. Haywood, the front desk is swamped with calls - invites for you to appear on shows."
"Decline them," Brielle replied curtly, powering up her computer.
"And Mr. Kingston stopped by again this morning. The crew from Life Focus is broadcasting live outside as we speak."
They were clearly trying to milk the situation after yesterday's viral episode. The security at Stellar Stage Entertainment had been instructed to only allow staff entry, so the reporters were left stranded outside.
However, as long as the scandal
remained hot, Brielle would be under
scrutiny. The company's social
media was exploding with
messages, both from detractors and
supporters alike. 
en FindNovel
[You better look after Ms. Haywood, she's under so much pressure because of that jerk Kingston.]
[Ms. Haywood is so gorgeous, what's her secret to perfect skin?]
[Those eyelashes, she's like a living Barbie doll. Can she really be Kingston's daughter?]
[Don't compare Ms. Haywood to that man. She's an Ivy graduate, backed by the prestigious Beaconsfield College. She should cut ties with that family.]
The company's social media
comments surged past a hundred
thousand, and the staff were
overwhelmed but managed to respond gracefully, [Thank you for your concern. Ms. Haywood is doing welt and is currently in a meeting with executives.] 
Eventually, the conversation turned to her personal life, with one user asking, [Is Ms. Haywood single? Do I stand a chance?]
Unaware of Brielle's personal status, the social media manager responded playfully, [Single. Ms. Haywood belongs to the entire staff of Stellar Stage Entertainment.]
The topic of Brielle's relationship status became a hot trending item, fueled by Kingston's previous comments about her bad experience with a former partner.
Men from all over the internet were declaring their intentions to apply for a chance with her.
Meanwhile, across town at Dorsey International, Max's mood darkened upon seeing the trending topic about Brielle's singleness.
He set his tablet down, his features stern as he ordered, "Have that trending topic taken down."
Patrick, unaware of the online frenzy, was amused by the CEO's sudden interest in social media. Complying with the command, he made a call, and within minutes, the trending topic about Brielle's singleness vanished. 
###Chapter 730
Online spectators could only watch in real time as the trending topic mysteriously vanished from their feeds. Many were perplexed, wondering what on earth had happened.
But no one dwelled on it for too long, instead, they reverted to poking fun at Stellar Stage Entertainment's official page.
Brielle had just wrapped up her morning tasks and was about to take a breather when Donny informed her that Kingston was back at it again-holding court with the press right at the doorstep of Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Kingston was like gum stuck on a shoe, annoying and seemingly impossible to shake off. He'd cling to Brielle, exploiting her fame for all the attention and cash he could get, until she coughed up an eye-watering sum for alimony. Today, Kingston was in the same suit as yesterday, playing the sob story for the reporters.
"Her mother's in the hospital, and now we're out of money for the bills. Brielle can't just stand by and watch her own mother suffer, can she?
"I don't even have her phone number. Now that she's a big-shot CEO, it figures she wouldn't want anything to do with us. I don't blame her, but she's got to at least meet with me, and have a heart-to-heart chat.
"My demands are simple, a private conversation. Once we've settled things, I'll stop hounding her. After all, she's got my blood in her veins. It wouldn't be right for her to live in the lap of luxury while her own parents are scraping by on welfare, would it? We did bring her into this world, after all."
Kingston's antics were truly nauseating, leveraging Brielle's public profile to stir up a media frenzy.
Brielle herself was watching the live interview, feeling a mix of annoyance and a touch of self-mockery. Deep down, she also felt a sting of embarrassment.
With a sigh, she leaned back in her chair, rubbing her temples.
Right then, Max called her up, asking what she was up to.
Not wanting to admit she was following the distressing news, Brielle fibbed. "Just prepping some documents. Got a meeting soon."
"Brielle, I followed you. Could you follow me back?"
She was taken aback, unsure what he meant by 'follow."
Max felt a bit sheepish. It was his first time using the app, and he was still figuring it out.
He'd sent Brielle a message on the app but hadn't received a reply. Patrick had told him she'd only notice his messages if she followed him back. Brielle was his only follow, and he hoped to be her only one too.
Because of these words, all Brielle's bad feelings shattered into pieces. She chuckled and flipped open her Twitter.
"Let's see, which one's you?"
Max rattled off some random string of characters, and Brielle hit the follow button. "Followed you, Mr. Dorsey. Did you call just to tell me this?"
Her tone was teasing, but Max was dead serious. "I'll leave you comments, and make sure you respond."
Brielle chuckled. "Sure, Mr. Dorsey, I'll remember that."
After hanging up, Max stared at his jumbled username. He didn't even bother changing it, so he'd just stick with it.
For Brielle, her spirits soared. She didn't really use the app much, only downloading Twitter to engage in a spat with Amelia.
After firing off a few tweets, she hadn't opened it since.
Now, logging in, Brielle was swamped with messages she couldn't begin to sift through. She blocked the notifications to avoid distraction and then posted a new tweet.
[Thank you all for your concern. I
have no intention of paying attention
to external rumors, and I will refuse interviews from reporters. If you are truly interested in following celebrities, feel free to support the artists under Stellar Stage Entertainment. I will uphold the original mission of the
MS
entertainment company and present outstanding artists for the public.] 
She didn't miss the chance to plug her artists at the end of her statement.
Fans loved to build up their idols, only to tear them down themselves. Brielle didn't need that kind of heat.
Due to her statement, those
nicknames prefixed with Stellar
Stage Entertainment and the artists
who had not yet debuted
experienced a direct surge of one million followers. 
The trainees in the dance studio, caught off-guard, could hardly believe it.
Men and women alike were moved to tears, hugging each other tightly. They had not only survived their darkest days but were now bathing in a brilliant new dawn. How could they not be moved? 
###Chapter 731
The fire in the hearts of the young men and women was fully ignited as they wiped away the tears on their cheeks and began to prepare for their future with fervor.
Their enthusiasm was unbridled; they never once complained of fatigue. They trained in silence, pushing their bodies to the point of aching soreness, so much so that their coach couldn't bear to watch and urged them to take breaks and relax. Their growing fanbase was keenly interested in their activities, bombarding them with questions about what movies or TV shows they had been in.
These young talents hadn't yet made a public appearance, and even the company hadn't informed them of what roles they might be playing. But they all believed that Ms. Haywood wouldn't let them down.
Much later, in a much-anticipated awards ceremony, Stellar Stage Entertainment's artists swept almost all the categories. Beneath the blinding spotlight, with the weight of the trophies in their hands and the sound of applause ringing in their ears, they achieved everything they had ever longed for.
Tears brimmed in their eyes, rendering them speechless as they finally stepped out of their dark days into the clamorous limelight.
Little did they now know how brightly they would shine in the future.
A summer of cicadas often requires several seasons of dormancy. The ephemeral bloom of the night-blooming cereus also waits for daylight.
All their passion and hard work were slowly fermenting, brewing into a sweet fruit of success.
Brielle hung up the phone from the first invitation to a variety show and told Donny to try to get in touch with some screenwriters and directors to see if they could ride the wave of popularity and score some roles.
The ones left in the physical training room were all top-notch, ready for action. In this business, youth was the currency, and the earlier they joined a production crew to hone their skills, the better.
"Donny, we need to bring on a few more agents. Make sure you vet them properly for competence and character. Stellar Stage Entertainment doesn't need agents who pressure their artists into unsavory situations. Their job is to make connections, and the company will handle the distribution of resources. Also, pay attention to their mental health. They have spent years at Stellar Stage Entertainment, and I'm worried they might have been mistreated by the previous management."
Donny felt a warmth in his heart when he heard this. Brielle, even as she faced her own challenges, still cared deeply for those young kids.
In reality, she was only a few years older than them, but the weight she carried on her shoulders was heavier than anyone else's.
"Ms. Haywood, I'll choose carefully," he promised.
Brielle rubbed her temples, the fatigue showing in the dark circles under her eyes.
"About that script for Kenzo, didn't the director already finalize the lead actor? What's going on, has the company sent someone to reach out?" Donny furrowed his brow and sighed.
"Ms. Haywood, there's something
you don't know. That actor the director mentioned is very dedicated, but he doesn't use social media like WhatsApp and his phone is only capable of making calls and sending texts. Plus, he doesn't have an agent or a contract with any studio, and he's known for being quite eccentric. I heard that a director once approached him for a movie role and ended up crying and running away." 
The director ended up crying?
Brielle rubbed her temples, wondering whether that was a male celebrity or a big-shot investor.
"Ms. Haywood, although I believe
that this director is incredibly talented and can capture the essence of the script, that lead actor is just too difficult to approach. He's been in the industry for five years and has only done four movies, each earning him an acting award He's one of the most sought-after names in the industry, yet he hasn't signed with any studio. Many have extended offers, but he's rejected them all. No one knows what he's up
to all day." 
Brielle's eyes narrowed. She had heard it said that actors with a gift for their craft often had their quirks, as the line between their roles and reality became blurred.
Many directors were willing to indulge such actors, but the one Donny described seemed to be an extreme case.
"Not only that," Donny continued, "his temperament is also erratic. One moment he's warm as spring, and the next, he's as cold as ice. You just can't pin down his preferences."
Donny seemed troubled as he pulled
out the director's file from a stack of papers. "This director and I have a personal connection. I once promised to grant him a favor, and I never expected him to make such a demand for this script. I'm thinking, maybe we should just let it go." 
Though he spoke of giving up, Brielle could hear the reluctance in Donny's voice.
She glanced at the director's file. A pioneer in the industry, he had created a documentary-style film that earned billions at the box office on a shoestring budget, earning him the reputation of a visionary.
###Chapter 732
No wonder Donny was so unwilling. If the script hadn't been handed to such a director, it would indeed have been a waste of Kenzo's talent.
Brielle heaved a sigh, "Hand over the address of that movie star, will you? I'll meet him personally."
Donny's eyes sparkled with hope, but they soon dimmed again. "Ms. Haywood, he's really a bit odd. I'm worried he might harm you. Maybe you shouldn't go."
"Don't worry about me, I've got a black belt in Taekwondo. Your average Joe can't do much to hurt me."
Hearing this, Donny excitedly scribbled down the address. "He meets guests in that villa, but each visitor gets roughly ten minutes tops-that's the limit of his patience." Such a diva.
Brielle didn't rush to meet this star. Instead, she did some digging into the movies he'd shot.
The actor's resume was indeed simple, as Donny had said, with all four movies he'd starred in winning awards. He was currently one of the highest-paid figures in showbiz.
She couldn't help but rub her temples, wondering just how hefty his paycheck must be.
She was about to open some documents she needed for the afternoon when her phone buzzed with a text from Max. [Reply to me.]
Brielle raised an eyebrow and immediately opened Twitter, discovering that the string of garbled characters had indeed commented on her post.
That string of gibberish was buried under a hundred thousand other comments, rather pitiful. No fan in their wildest dreams would guess that the CEO of Dorsey International had a Twitter handle that was a system-generated mess. Finding it amusing, she responded to his comment with a rose emoji, and Max's reply was simple-an emoji of a thumbs-up.
Because of her response, Max's comment shot up to the top.
[Why did Ms. Haywood reply to this account? Who is this person?]
[Ms. Haywood didn't reply to me, but why did she reply to this person with no proper handle. I don't even know if they're a guy or a gal!]
[I'm green with envy. Got a response and it's a rose at that.]
[Looks like next time I should try just a thumbs-up for my comment, not even a word.]
Max saw his comment section growing and the corner of his mouth curved into a smile.
His new account gained a couple dozen followers, and he noticed a fan commenting under Brielle's tweet. [Babe, look at me. I've commented dozens of times, why haven't you replied even once? Notice me, darling.] The commenter was a woman.
Max's face darkened instantly, and he swiftly opened his account to remove the fan. His following list didn't need such unwise individuals.
Patrick watched Max's series of actions, his lips twitching slightly.
At the same time, Patrick couldn't help but feel that only Ms. Brielle could have such an effect on Max. After all these years, this was the first time he'd seen Max engaging with social media.
Hidden behind a string of gibberish, Max had secured the top spot in Brielle's Twitter mentions, and he was in a good mood.
Seizing the opportunity, Patrick brought up the matter of the TV station.
"Those journalists are still hounding Ms. Brielle, especially the crew from 'Life Focus.' They're probably going to leech off her for a while."
"Contact all the sponsors of that TV station. Tell them if they let this program continue to hassle Brielle, they'll soon find themselves without investors for any of their shows."
Patrick knew Max meant business and quickly set out to carry out the order.
Meanwhile, the 'Life Focus' crew watched as their viewership numbers climbed, not nearly as high as the frenzy when Brielle made an appearance, but still much better than their previous numbers. Brielle was like a guardian angel to them.
As for whether such reporting would affect Brielle personally, that was none of their concern. However, soon, the entire TV network received a directive to halt all coverage of Brielle.
The head of Life Focus' thought he had heard wrong. Halt? Yesterday's viewership had broken all-time records for any TV station. Hafting now would mean watching other networks rake in the views. 
What on earth were the higher-ups thinking?
The head was about to storm off to the executives for an argument when someone stopped him.
"Buddy, calm down. The network's
hands are tied. It's an order from Dorsey International. If we don't stop, they'll pull the plug on future investments in the network. You know the clout Dorsey International wields." 
Kon?
It was often said that looking down from the top floor of Dorsey International's headquarters, all you could see was their assets – and there was no exaggeration in that. If Dorsey International decided to block all their investors, it wouldn't just be 'Life Focus' that suffered, but every program on the network would decline. 
Without sponsors, there'd be no ad revenue, and they'd be left surviving on government subsidies, with the situation only worsening.
Hearing this, the head of 'Life Focus' backed down. He might take on the executives, but even he wouldn't dare challenge Dorsey International.
He was baffled. Why would Dorsey International bother with such a trivial matter?
###Chapter 733
"Damn it! Have the big shots at Dorsey International lost their minds? They're actually meddling in the affairs of an ex-director?"
"Just chill for a sec. We are sniffing around too. If we really tick off Dorsey International because of Brielle, we're gonna pay through the nose."
The team leader sighed heavily, lifting his hand to rub his temples. "We finally got some buzz going, and Kingston trusts us. Even if we drop the story, every other channel is gonna jump on this like a trampoline."
"I just got a call. It's not just our station. Every network got a threat from Dorsey International. The reporters camped out at Stellar Stage Entertainment have scattered."
"Damn! Who the hell is Brielle?!"
Everyone in the break room was stunned.
They were talking about every single news outlet. Dorsey International wasn't just making a friendly call. They must've had word with the top brass..
Wasn't Brielle supposed to be just some regular Joe with no connections, who left Dorsey International? How could she pull such strings?
Everyone fell silent, thinking back to the scene of crazily exploiting Brielle's story yesterday, feeling a bit intimidated.
If the power behind her decided to get even, wouldn't Life Focus, the show that first thrust Brielle into the spotlight, be in the line of fire?
Twenty minutes later, the Life Focus crew got the notice. The show was canceled, and to be replaced by something new.
Beaconsfield would be without its beloved Life Focus from now on.
The production team was slapped with a gag order, forbidden from mentioning anything related to Brielle online.
Brielle had no idea Max had intervened. She just noticed the absence of reporters around Stellar Stage Entertainment.
It was as if the bustling scene from earlier was just an illusion. She asked Donny, but even he was clueless.
Brielle decided to let it be. After all, no reporters meant good news for her.
She breathed a sigh of relief, packed up, and was about to call it a day when the receptionist called her. Kingston was still loitering outside, refusing to leave.
Kingston was utterly baffled. Why had the reporters suddenly vanished, leaving him awkwardly alone?
He tried reaching out to the Life Focus crew again, but this time, they wouldn't even take his call.
A sense of unease crept over Kingston. If the reporters wouldn't show, what was he supposed to do?
After a moment's thought, he created a Twitter account, bluntly named Brielle's Birth Father. Since there were no journalists, he could post comme
ments about Brielle online
himself. 
en FindNovel
However, no sooner had he typed out a tirade against Brielle than his account was suspended.
Kingston had lived a long life but had never seen anything like it.
He thought it was a glitch, so he appealed, only to be denied. The message claimed his account was in violation.
ve
Kingston, who had spent his life overseeing warehouses and occasionally dabbling in petty theft, was no criminal. To say his account was in violation was absurd. 
Undeterred, he switched to another number and attempted to register again, only to be met with the same warning.
Kingston was too stupid to realize someone must be pulling strings, instructing the operators not to allow any of his comments to spread.
Out of options, Kingston loitered outside Stellar Stage Entertainment, hoping to catch a glimpse of Brielle.
Just half an hour ago, every reporter stood by his side, clamoring for the story. Now, he felt abandoned by the whole world.
He planned to turn his life around relying on Brielle. After all, she was his long-lost daughter, and asking for a billion in alimony was not excessive. Bristling with anger yet powerless, Kingston waited.
Then, a luxury car emerged from the underground parking lot, and his eyes lit up.
"Brielle!"
She seemed not to hear, steering in another direction.
Infuriated, Kingston threw caution to the wind, standing in front of the car with arms splayed wide in
shameless defiance. He was sure Brielle wouldn't dare hit him. Of she did it'd be parricide.
She'd never live that down!
Brielle did stop, pulling out her phone to call the cops. The police arrived swiftly and carted Kingston away.
"Brielle! You'll face consequences! I'm your dad! Brielle! How can you deny me!"
Sitting in her car, Brielle heard the desperate cries. A wry smile curled at the corner of her mouth.
This was her birth father? The man who discarded her, only to return years later, hoping to cash in on her success.
Family bonds were profoundly disappointing indeed.
###Chapter 734
Brielle gripped the steering wheel, her fingers barely registering the cool leather as a wave of unspeakable exhaustion washed over her.
She didn't hit the gas right away, not until the impatient blare of a horn from behind spurred her into motion, and she slowly pulled out into the street.
She was on her way to Dorsey International as she got off work early today and wanted to visit Dorsey International.
But halfway there, she spotted Annie, arms laden with files, hustling toward Dorsey International. Annie was multitasking, chatting on a phone call without watching her step, which led to an unfortunate tumble, files scattering like leaves in a gust of wind. The sidewalk was awash with people in a hurry, too wrapped up in their own worlds to lend a hand.
Brielle couldn't just drive on by, so she pulled over and swung open her car door.
Annie, still on the call, was gathering her papers when she caught sight of Brielle and exclaimed in surprise, "Ms. Brielle."
Brielle squatted down to help, gathering the sheets of paper. "Why didn't you grab a cab?" She handed the papers back and gestured toward her car. "If you're heading to Dorsey International, I can give you a lift."
"Thank you, Ms. Brielle," Annie said as she climbed into Brielle's car, only then noticing that it was the same vehicle Patrick had driven just a few days ago. Her eyebrows arched momentarily, but she didn't inquire further.
As Brielle drove, she stole glances at Annie through the rearview mirror. Brielle did harbor suspicions, but she lacked concrete evidence.
The night she'd gotten drunk with Kenzo, her memory was patchy, leaving her uncertain if the clues in her mind were real.
Max, with his arm around Annie, had spoken of a stand-in. Brielle had questioned Max about it, but he seemed genuinely unaware of any such notion, and Max was not one to lie. He'd stood too long in his position to stoop to deceit. So either the scene Brielle witnessed was real and the man wasn't Max, or it was a drunken figment of her imagination.
Either way, Annie was suspect. This woman, with her uncanny resemblance to Brielle, right down to her demeanor, was hard to trust.
But Brielle didn't probe. If Annie's intention was to sow discord between her and Max, there would likely be more maneuvers to come.
The car ride was silent, with Annie waiting for Brielle to break the ice. She had prepared a script to plant seeds of doubt once more in Brielle's heart.
To her surprise, Brielle said nothing
throughout the entire trip. When they arrived at Dorsey International, call
Brielle said was, "We're here. Time to hop out." 
Annie disembarked, feeling a novel sense of being outplayed. Usually, she was the one outmaneuvering others.
Her mood darkened, though her face remained composed. "Thank you, Ms. Brielle. I'll head up now."
Brielle nodded, her fingertips drumming on the wheel.
After Annie entered the elevator,
puffing her cheeks in frustration, she longed to pop a piece of candy into her mouth-a comfort when upset but the elevator reached the top floor too quickly. Here, she had to emulate Brielle, allowing no slip-ups. 
Brielle didn't indulge in sweets.
Sighing, Annie tossed the unwrapped candy into the bin.
At that moment, Brielle reached the top floor and immediately spotted Annie chatting with Patrick.
She pondered Patrick's unresponsiveness to her calls, wondering if her recent silent treatment with Max had soured Patrick's view of her.
Brielle wasn't one to let misunderstandings linger, so she approached Patrick with a gentle tone. "Patrick, can we talk?"
Caught off guard, Patrick looked up. "Ms. Brielle?"
Brielle gestured toward a quiet spot down the hallway. "Is now a good time? It'll just take a few minutes."
After swiftly wrapping up his work, Patrick followed her. They stood before a floor-to-ceiling window, and Brielle spoke first.
"Patrick, I know my situation with
Max must be troubling for you. He's
not taking my calls or responding to my texts and I understand he might still be upset. But I hope in the
cel?
future, if I call you to check on him, you'll answer. Can you do that?" 
A flicker of confusion crossed Patrick's face, followed by a slow realization. "Ms. Brielle, haven't you been the one not answering the CEO's calls?"
###Chapter 735
Brielle's brow furrowed in confusion, momentarily at a loss as to what exactly he was referring to.
She would be the first to admit that she could be a bit prickly and somber at times, but she would never ignore a call from her partner, especially not during a silent treatment between them. Such tactics only hastened the demise of a relationship.
She genuinely treasured the bond she shared with Max. She knew that their journey together had been no easy feat and that the road ahead would be fraught with obstacles. If she were to throw in the towel first, what kind of future could they possibly have? "Ms. Brielle, he tried calling you several times, I did too, but you just hung up. Your situation with the him really has me worried, because I want you two to work it out, not just cut off all communication the moment there's a disagreement," Patrick said, his frustration evident.
Brielle was speechless. She pulled out her phone and scrolled through her missed calls.
There were no calls from either of them. Not a trace. Could someone have tampered with her phone?
That was impossible. During her time at Stellar Stage Entertainment, her phone had always been by her side, untouched by anyone else.
So what exactly was going on?
The confusion in her eyes was unmistakable, prompting Patrick to frown. "Ms. Brielle, is there a problem?"
"I didn't receive any calls from you guys."
Patrick had been by Max's side for years, effortless in his counter-surveillance skills. Hearing Brielle's response, he immediately grew suspicious. "Ms. Brielle, would you mind if I take a look at your phone? I'll have someone check it out." Brielle nodded and handed it over without hesitation.
Around the corner, Annie stood with her arms crossed, casually eavesdropping on their conversation.
A complicated look crossed her face before she let out a sigh. It seemed that remotely controlling Brielle's phone was off the table from now on.
Before Patrick could return, Annie swiftly made her way back to her desk and sent a message to Murray.
[Brielle's phone is being checked, and I can't control it anymore. Murray, I'm so sad. What do we do now?]
When Murray read the message, his heart melted. [Miss, with your smarts, I'm sure you'll think of something else.]
[What else is there? My brain's at its limit. How can those two reconcile just like that, without clearing up all those misunderstandings? It's so defeating. I'm in a foul mood.]
When Brielle approached, she found Annie quietly sitting at her desk, texting someone intently.
She didn't pry but instead entered Max's office.
Max was just shutting down his computer when he saw her. He reached for his suit jacket that was draped over a chair.
Brielle paused, surprised. Was he leaving work early today?
Max took her hand and hung it by his side. "We're not going home for dinner tonight."
"Should we call Wesley?"
"I've already told him."
Brielle was led out of the office, her wrist in his grasp, all the way to the private elevator.
Max leaving early was unprecedented. So everyone at the top floor watched in surprise, well aware that this topic was off-limits in office gossip.
Rumors had spread that the couple was living together and that Max was truly in love with Brielle.
The women in the office were a mix of envy and jealousy. How had Brielle managed to snag such good fortune?
Only Annie looked on with a complex expression, feeling an unpleasant twinge in her heart.
Brielle had thought Max might have some schmoozing to do, or maybe he'd take her to Tequila Sunset for drinks, but when the car stopped at Beaconsfield College, surprise flickered in her eyes. 
"You-"
Why come to her alma mater?
Max leaned over to unbuckle her seatbelt. "Don't you want to come back for a visit?"
Brielle was at a loss for words, then slightly bitter.
When she had graduated top of her class, she thought she'd make it big in finance.
She was youthful, with nothing to lose. And because of her youth, she felt she could have everything.
Back then, even with the modest salary at Dorsey International, she was full of drive. Yet, she hadn't made a name for herself as her mentors had hoped and had never returned since.
"Beaconsfield College's centennial
celebration is in two days, and
Dorsey International, as its biggest sponsor, will be there. I won't be able to join you, so I want you to walk around with me first." 
Although Dorsey International had always been a benefactor of Beaconsfield College, Max rarely visited, having spent his formative years on Wall Street and not in domestic academic institutions. 
###Chapter 736
Brielle felt a wave of emotion as she remembered the upcoming centennial celebration at Beaconsfield College. It was going to be the grandest event yet, and all alumni were invited to return. She had received her invitation, but she wasn't all that keen on going.
For one, she had been in the eye of the storm recently, and she didn't want her alma mater to bear the brunt of any criticism. Secondly, her name hadn't yet graced the financial newspapers, and she felt she hadn't lived up to her professors' instruction.
"Brielle, what did you use to enjoy eating?" Max had done his homework before coming.
His experience couldn't be applied to the average person, as he rarely stayed on campus during his university days, let alone made any friends.
Back then, he was already rubbing shoulders with the Wall Street wolves, engaged in a fierce tug-of-war over interests. So, the typical college life, with its communal dining and hangouts, was foreign to him. "Hmm, corn dogs," Brielle replied almost subconsciously, noting the puzzled look in Max's eyes, knowing he probably hadn't heard of the Beaconsfield College specialty.
The college was known for its clean, fresh, and affordable corn dogs.
But such a place probably wasn't Max's scene. She couldn't imagine him perched at a cramped table, enjoying a budget-friendly corn dog.
"Which way to go?" Max glanced at the various paths, wondering where he could find this famous treat.
Without further hesitation and with a spark of mischief in her eyes that swept away the day's gloom, Brielle said, "Let's go, it won't be too crowded right now."
They walked through the pathways, passing the girls' dormitories where Brielle pointed out her old residence.
Beaconsfield College, being a top-ranked institution, boasted beautiful dorms surrounded by fragrant cedar and ginkgo trees.
During her time at college, Brielle
had never dabbled in romance. She was engaged to Spencer, which kept her at a conscious distance from other male students, and her addiction to the library ensured her presence in class was somewhat
muted. 
Now, she could barely remember how she spent those university years - her days were a blur of books and research in the library.
Gripping Max's hand, she felt a surreal connection to her younger, lonely self across the years.
"I actually saw you once during my freshman year," she mentioned casually, her voice soft, stepping on fallen leaves.
"The school invited you for a lecture.
You came back from abroad, spoke briefly, and the crowd went wild because you looked about our age. I was the top scorer that year and had the honor of presenting you with flowers." 
Her engagement with Spencer had lasted nearly ten years, but she had seen Max no more than thrice from a distance, except for that one time she presented the flowers, pushed forward by the school officials.
At nineteen, Max, the heir to Dorsey International, a taciturn yet obviously young man, had taken the flowers from her with a simple "Thank you."
His voice at nineteen was crisp, like a chilled sparkling water on a hot summer day.
For a moment, Brielle felt a ripple in her heart, but it quickly settled into silence. She knew all too well. He was the heir to the Dorsey family, Spencer's Uncle, destined for the pinnacle of success. Any impractical fantasies or fleeting heartbeats were nipped in the bud.
What followed was simple. He held the flowers, posed for photos with the faculty at their request, and Brielle, as the flower girl, was positioned just a fingertip's distance from him.
###Chapter 737
He exuded a cold aura, seldom speaking or smiling, regardless of who he was dealing with.
Brielle had seen her fair share of 18 or 19-year-old lads, their laughter as fresh and pure as a spring breeze, their gazes as tender as a starry night sky.
But it wasn't until she met Max that she realized boys like him existed. He's graceful as a marble statue. Simply standing there, he could stir a garden into bloom. If Max hadn't brought her back to Beaconsfield College, she would've kept it all to herself, locked away as a secret in her heart.
But Max did bring her back, and just days before the centennial celebration, no less.
"Max, you probably don't remember, do you?"
Max didn't want to lie to her. He really didn't remember much.
The first time he came to Beaconsfield College, after reciting his piece, his mind was swamped with thoughts of Wall Street.
Numbers, algorithms, and investments-these words flooded his thoughts so much that he barely noticed who had offered him flowers.
He just vaguely recalled a pretty, serene-looking student.
Watching him struggle to remember brought a chuckle to Brielle's lips, and she laughed out loud. "Forget it, it's not important."
Life isn't always smooth sailing. If every fleeting glance were reciprocated, the world wouldn't be filled with so many tales of joy and sorrow, unions and partings. As she finished, her face was gently cradled in someone's hands. A kiss landed near her lips, and she heard him say, "Let this be a kiss from 19-year-old me." Brielle, feeling slightly uncomfortable, pushed him away, her lips curving into a reluctant smile.
On the day she had presented flowers on stage, she was far from calm.
As the top student representative, it was the first time she felt the chasm between them. They were only a finger's width apart, yet he seemed to be on a cloud.
The 16-year-old her felt as if her very soul had been dazzled, and that night she dreamt of the a guy for the first time.
Just like Max had just said, 19-year-old Max had kissed her in that dream. It's a restrained and polite kiss, just a light touch.
Now, that dream scene strangely merged with the present moment.
A complex emotion brewed within Brielle's chest.
She had always cherished this relationship, and at first, she felt timid to admit her feelings for Max.
Because 19-year-old Max couldn't even remember her face, much less bother to ask her name. What right
did she have to think that years later, Max would fall for her?
Standing next to him, her mind was filled with the shock of that moment, the stark realization of an insurmountable gap.
Thus, when the man from the clouds suddenly took an interest in her, she felt not delight, but panic.
Affection could indeed render one lowly, as humble as a flower in the corner of a wall. Yet even that flower would yearn for a sliver of sunfight's attention to bloom into its most delicate petals. 
en FindNovel
Brielle was more mature and sensible than most. Knowing the impossibility of her feelings, she didn't hesitate to snuff them out.
She had said she wouldn't actively like someone who didn't like her back. Only if someone approached her first, would she dare to tentatively reach out in response.
Snapping back to reality, Brielle looped her arm through his. "If we don't leave now, the corn dog stand will be swamped once the last class ends."
Max nodded, following her into the bustling school backstreet.
The hot dog vendor's eyes lit up upon seeing her. "Oh my! Brielle?!"
Brielle blushed slightly.
"You're back at Beaconsfield College, huh? Did you get the invitation to the centenary celebration? I thought you'd never come by here again. Have a seat. And who is this? My, my, what a handsome fellow. This must be your husband, right?" 
Brielle, about to sip her soda, choked on her drink when she heard this.
The vendor was as chatty as ever.
"Oh, no, he's not."
"Ah, don't be shy with me, girl. This is the first time you've brought a man to eat here. Today's on the house. It's my wedding gift to you two. Hahaha."
Brielle felt a mix of embarrassment and amusement.
Who ever heard of a wedding gift of two servings of corn dogs?
###Chapter 738
As Max remained standing, Brielle thought he might find the cramped space uncomfortable. After all, the clientele of this little diner were mostly students from Beaconsfield College, crowding around tiny tables with just a couple of bar stools each.
She was about to suggest moving somewhere else when she noticed he had already taken a seat.
To the scattered students around, a man in a suit was a rare sight here, especially one as handsome as Max.
However, Brielle's face wasn't unfamiliar to them. She had been the talk of the town on social media over the past few days.
Someone whipped out a cell phone, aiming for a snapshot, but was quickly stopped.
The reason was simple: Beaconsfield College had officially defended Brielle, proving her record was spotless, and she was an alumnus.
With Brielle at the center of a media storm, they knew it wasn't the time to post pictures online, which would only draw unwanted attention to the school.
"Put the phone away. Let's eat before it gets cold. She's our senior, the legend from the finance department."
"I'm just curious about the guy with her. He's so good-looking. They look so cute together."
Their whispers were quiet enough that Brielle didn't hear them.
The diner owner brought over two corn dogs with a hearty smile and complimented Max again. "Young man, you look so healthy and handsome?"
Max, unaccustomed to such praise, paused for a moment before replying politely, "Thank you."
The owner giggled like a schoolgirl. "Oh my, not just a pretty face, but a charming voice too. Of course, Brielle is gorgeous as well. You two make a lovely couple. Come back often. I won't even charge you."
The diner owner's warmth was overwhelming, and Brielle, worried Max might feel out of place, pushed the corn dog towards him. "Dig in. These are homemade, fresh, and they don't skimp on size."
Max had never tried anything like it before. He took one bite under her expectant gaze. The meat was fresh, and the portion was generous. One bite and he was content.
"How is it?"
"Not bad at all."
Their conversation was brief.
Max stopped when he noticed she wasn't eating. "You should eat too."
Brielle merely propped her cheek in her hand, watching him eat with such deliberation, and found it delightful.
After they finished eating, Brielle attempted to pay, but the owner refused to take her money and insisted she come back on the day of the school's centenary celebrations. 
en FindNovel
Brielle, feeling awkward, agreed to return.
As she and Max left, the owner continued to rave to other customers. "Oh, he's so handsome. Did you see his lashes? They're like fans."
Several hundred meters away, Brielle stopped and turned to Max.
He maintained his cool demeanor,
bathed in the evening sunlight that dappled through the small grove Beyond it lay the Beaconsfield College library, once her favorite haunt. 
en FindNovel
"That's the library, it has the richest collection of books. I used to love spending time there."
Entry required a student card, and she was no longer a student, so she could only gaze from a distance.
Approaching the library with Max, she had barely begun to share more when she spotted two figures walking side by side not far off.
One was Kenzo, the other, the dean of Beaconsfield College.
Kenzo wore a light smile, chatting with the dean who patted his shoulder in a gesture of approval before departing.
"Kenzo?" Brielle called out, and Kenzo turned around, his eyebrows raising slightly upon seeing them.
"What brings you here?"
After a brief pause, his gaze shifted to Max, eyebrows arching even higher.
Brielle felt a twinge of
embarrassment, remembering Kenzo was also a Beaconsfield alum. With the centenary approaching, he was likely on the guest list, probably invited by the school leadership to come early. 
She recalled her first meeting with Kenzo-it too had been in the library.
###Chapter 739
Kenzo was invited back to teach, and word was that his classes were all the rage online at Beaconsfield College. It was nearly impossible to snag a spot because everyone wanted to be there. "Are you guys done touring? Fancy grabbing a bite together?" Kenzo offered as he crossed paths with Brielle and Max.
Brielle and Max had indeed seen all there was to see, tasted the local flavors, and browsed the quaint shops. Returning to Beaconsfield College was like a warm embrace, a chance to momentarily forget the worries of the world outside. But Brielle knew she'd have to face reality again soon.
"We're all set. Let's roll out together," Brielle replied, linking arms with Max as the trio made their way down the path leading out of the campus.
The journey was punctuated with hellos from fellow students, all eager to greet Brielle and Kenzo. Brielle's alumni status was well-known, and Kenzo was a celebrity in his own right. He retained the title of Visiting Professor, ensuring he could step back into the lectern anytime his heart desired.
Kenzo's gentle smile greeted each student, and upon hearing Brielle ask, "Kenzo, are you speaking at the centennial celebration?" his own smile turned into a chuckle.
"Yep, got a special request from the dean," he replied, his lips barely revealing the amusement behind them.
Before Brielle could sing his praises, Kenzo added, "The dean found out we've stayed in touch and asked me to bring your speech too. Brielle, he still remembers your name."
Max interrupted just as Brielle was about to respond, "So, Kenzo, did you drive over?"
"Ah, my driver's waiting outside. Brielle, here's the draft of the speech. Feel free to tweak it," Kenzo offered, handing over the papers.
Brielle accepted them, a strange feeling bubbling inside her. Had she inadvertently ignored Max, causing him to feel left out? His interruption suggested as much.
With a polite "Thank you," she turned her attention back to Max as Kenzo nodded and departed down a side path.
Once Kenzo was out of sight, Brielle playfully fanned her face. "Did you catch a whiff of jealousy?" she teased Max, who simply gave her a nonchalant glance. Was he actually miffed?
The thought amused her. Why would Max be jealous of Kenzo?
Catching up to Max, she slipped her arm through his. Max's expression softened as he joked, "I should've attended Beaconsfield College."
This way, he would've been able to join in on her and Kenzo's conversation.
"Mr. Dorsey, Beaconsfield College lost a great deal without you." When Brielle wanted to charm someone, she could really talk.
Max chuckled, and the hint of jealousy in his heart disappeared.
Suddenly, he pulled her aside, beneath the shadow of the academic building.
Here stood a grand plaque engraved with the names of distinguished students. The evening bells chimed signifying the end of a class, and the campus buzzed to life. Students meandered past them, debating where to grab a late-night snack. 
Brielle found herself pinned between the wall and Max's embrace, her cheeks flushed with heat. His kiss was fierce sending waves of pleasure and a thrilling sense of secrecy through her. It was as they were sneaking around, two lovers defying the watchful eyes of the headmaster who might be patrolling nearby, ready to catch them in the act. 
After what seemed like an eternity locked in the kiss, Brielle's strength waned, her legs turned to jelly, and she buried her head in Max's chest, trying to catch her breath. "Feeling better now, Brielle?" Max's voice was soothing, his hand gently patting her back.
Brielle could almost hear the musical notes in his voice that sent tingles down her spine.
Max felt her emotions these past two days. In that moment when she realized she had no family in this world, her sense of loss and pain, all fell into his eyes.
She had thought the visit to Beaconsfield College was just for the centennial celebration, but now it was clear: he wanted to give her a brief respite from her troubles.
Tears welled in Brielle's eyes as she nestled closer into his embrace. She once dreamt of a fairytale life where her parents didn't need to be wealthy but would treat her to a beautiful doll after payday or buy her a tutu on Children's Day. 
The Haywood family never fulfilled that dream, and the Kingstons didn't bother to try. Her childhood fantasy lay buried in the dust of time, vanished amidst the years.
###Chapter 740
But now, someone had fished her out of those lonely times, brushed the dust from her heart and lit the lamp of this world. Max had no idea that sixteen-year-old Brielle's dream was to shine as brightly as he did at nineteen.
And she didn't plan on letting him know.
That fleeting heartbeat could remain in that summer that echoed with the cries of cranes and could never be returned to. Back at the Premier Palace, they had sex again.
Brielle was more excited than ever, taking initiative. With Max, she was devoured to the bone.
Exhausted, she couldn't curl a single fingertip, her voice hoarse as she pushed him away. "I have work tomorrow." "One last time."
"Mmm."
Brielle couldn't refuse him. She looked up and caught the intense meaning in his eyes, scorching hot, and she melted away.
So when she woke up the next day, it was already noon, and she felt as disassembled as a scarecrow after harvest, every bone sore.
She turned over, feeling as if her body was no longer hers to command.
Propping herself up to get out of bed, she couldn't help but reflect on whether she should continue to indulge Max like this.
After freshening up and heading downstairs, she felt weak even as she ate.
Max had already gone to work. He was always the earliest to leave.
After Brielle finished eating, she saw Patrick walk in, handing her a phone. "Ms. Brielle, this is your new phone. Your old one had been compromised with spyware, likely hacked." Brielle thought she had heard wrong.
Hacked?
"The phone we've set up for you now has a counter-surveillance system. It's not something average hacker can crack, but for safety's sake, you might want to think about who gave you that phone." Brielle took the new phone, which looked exactly like her old one. "Thank you."
A smile of relief curled on Patrick's face. "As long as you weren't intentionally dodging the CEO's calls, we're good. Should I inform him about this?"
"Not yet."
"Okay."
After Patrick said his piece, he hurried off to Dorsey International, apparently having come back just to deliver her phone.
Brielle remembered clearly. The phone was a gift from Aubree, but Aubree would never tamper with her phone.
However, there was someone she found suspicious.
Brielle drove to the location where Aubree was filming. Today was another scene with Aubree and Ricardo. Outside, she spotted a car that screamed luxury, clearly not belonging to the crew.
Brielle's brow furrowed, and as she entered the alley, she saw Andrew, standing like a guardian deity not far off. His post was strategically
chosen, invisible from Aubree's spot. en FindNovel
Brielle sneered, "Mr. Clements, what brings you here?"
At the sound of her voice, Andrew stiffened, then slowly relaxed, "None of your business."
"Here to see Aubree? Tough luck, she doesn't seem to want to see you at all." Andrew felt a knife twist in his heart, his face paled, and he turned to glare at Brielle. Unphased, Brielle stepped past him towards the interior.
Andrew swallowed hard, leaning against the wall, his lashes cast down in silence.
When Brielle entered, she greeted Aubree.
Aubree's eyes sparkled, wiping her hair, she asked, "Isn't Stellar Stage Entertainment swamped these days? How do you have the time to come here?" While she talked, she followed Brielle to the room she was staying in.
Aubree had already moved into this
place, renting the houses in the area.
vel
Although they were modest and cramped they were clean and well-disinfected. She felt comfortable living there, with a sense of being cut off from the outside world. 
As they reached her door, Aubree's face turned cold at the sight of Andrew waiting.
Andrew opened his mouth to call out but saw her step aside, open the door, pull Brielle in, and then shut i behind them.
Andrew's slightly open mouth closed
slowly, and he pressed his lips
together in disappointment. He raised a hand to touch the doorknob, hesitating, not wanting to provoke her further. 
The warmth that lingered on the doorknob was hers.
His fingertips curled, and his eyes reddened in an instant.
No words were needed. Her retreating figure was a sharper pain than any spoken word.
###Chapter 741
Brielle stepped into the room and was greeted by its impeccable cleanliness. Near the window, a bouquet of sunflowers seemed to illuminate the entire space.
"Ricardo found those," Aubree mentioned as she went to pour two cups of tea.
Brielle caught the scent of tea and raised an eyebrow slightly, "Didn't you use to be all about coffee?" Aubree had always had a thing for coffee, the more bitter and robust, the better. "Sometimes you gotta mix things up."
The statement hung in the air, heavy with implication.
Brielle's eyebrows lifted subtly, and she let out a light chuckle. "How long has he been around?"
Aubree's eyes flashed with irritation. "Who knows? Clements Corporation is probably on the brink of collapse. That's why he's got so much free time."
Brielle didn't dwell on the subject and instead voiced her reason for the visit.
"Aubree, the phone you gave me, did you buy it yourself?"
The phone?
It took a moment for Aubree to react, then she shook her head. "No, it was from Andrew. I was puzzled at the time. He never liked you, so why would he bother giving you a phone? Is there a problem with it?" "It's been tampered with, hacked. During the time Max and I had our issues, it blocked our communication."
Aubree's anger was palpable. She stormed to the door, yanking it open.
Andrew stood outside, his face lighting up upon seeing her emerge. However, instead of a warm greeting, he was met with a resounding slap. The slap echoed down the alley, crisp and forceful. Andrew's eyes reddened, but he did not scold her. Instead, he asked hoarsely, "Does your hand hurt?"
"You bugged Bri's phone?"
"Yes."
Aubree couldn't help but laugh out of sheer exasperation. Andrew knew full well that Brielle was her closest friend, yet he resorted to such sleazy tactics.
"Get out."
"But I didn't-"
"Out!"
Andrew suddenly fell silent, and a bitter smile tugged at his lips. "Aubree."
"Bang!"
The door slammed shut again, narrowly missing his fingertips.
He licked the metallic taste from the corner of his mouth, feeling Aubree's profound disgust. It was like a needle piercing his heart.
Yet, perversely, he thought the sting of the needle was sweetened with honey. Perhaps in her contempt, there was a twisted form of affection.
The guilt that burrowed deep within him was as torturous as any other pain.
Memories of Aubree flooded him like a relentless river, battering against his fragile defenses.
It made his heart race and his soul ache.
Andrew stood motionless for a while before wandering off aimlessly.
His driver had been waiting all along. Upon seeing him, the driver sighed with relief. "Sir, there's been a call from the family estate. Ms. Tessa's condition has worsened. She's burning up with fever and keeps caffing your name." 
After a pause, the driver noticed the blood at Andrew's mouth and the stark handprint on his pale cheek. Clearly, the slap had been delivered with no mercy. Andrew coughed twice, his nose tingling as if he were on the verge of tears.
The driver wanted to ask if they should head back to the office where the executive team was waiting. But looking at Andrew, who had been haunting this
down-and-out neighborhood
sin
the crack of dawn, returning each
time more dispirited than the last, he hesitated. 
When Andrew lifted his head, his reddened eyes were heartbreakingly sorrowful. "Take me to my place."
His voice was hoarse, like he was about to break down.
Without delay, the driver pressed the accelerator.
Andrew's current residence was a place heavy with memories of Aubree Every corner spoke of her presence, from the matching shoes at the entrance to the whimsically colored bedsheets. FindNovel
Aubree's clothes still filled the closet, as if nothing had changed. He had shooed away the cleaners scheduled to tidy up.
He'd never been one for housework, but now he clumsily cleaned the place himself. It was as if keeping it spotless would bring Aubree back. Though he knew, deep down, she probably never would.
###Chapter 742
The pain was so intense it robbed him of breath.
Having tidied up the room, Andrew drew all the curtains and shut the windows, as if by doing so, Aubree's essence would linger a little longer.
He slumped onto the couch, the incessant ring of his phone piercing the silence. It was the Clements family calling, but he had no desire to answer.
A few empty beer bottles lay in the trash can, remnants of the past couple of days' attempts to drown his sorrows.
Sleep evaded Andrew, and he could not invite it. Every time he closed his eyes, that video played in his mind, accompanied by Aubree's pleading cries. Tears welled up in his eyes.
He made his way to the master bedroom, to the bed where they had once been so entwined.
Now, lying there, he felt every cell in his body screaming emptiness. Clutching the comforter to his chest, hugging it close, the misery ebbed slightly.
His phone continued to ring, but he just stared blankly at the ceiling, ignoring its persistent call.
After half an hour, there was a knock at the living room door.
Hope flickered in Andrew's eyes. He even splashed his face with water in the bathroom, trying to slap some life into his listless features.
As he approached the door, his fingers curled nervously. He was also afraid. Afraid that it really was Aubree at the door, coming to collect her things and then leaving his life forever. Andrew was torn between pain, fear, and the longing to see her.
Every attempt to see Aubree lately had ended in being ignored or ridiculed, but the desire to see her made the hurt bearable.
Trembling lashes gave away his emotion as he heard Marissa's voice from outside. "Andrew, what on earth have you been hiding out here for?"
It wasn't Aubree. Relief washed over Andrew, quickly replaced by a profound sense of loss.
Marissa, about to knock again, saw the door swing open to reveal Andrew, his eyes red-rimmed. Unaware of what had transpired, she wrinkled her nose at the smell of alcohol wafting out.
"You've been missing from the company for two days, and the executives have been bombarding me with calls. The Clements family elders are concerned. What's gotten into you?" Andrew opened his mouth, the video Marissa and Tessa had mentioned flashing in his mind. Could it be the same one he had seen? His marriage to Tessa, what was it really?
Did everyone know about Aubree's misfortune except for him, who foolishly thought she was fickle?
Tears fell again as Andrew's arms limply dropped to his sides. "Mom, I want a divorce."
No sooner had the words left his mouth than Marissa's hand flew up in a slap. "Have you lost your mind? You were the one who wanted to marry Tessa, and now just two days in, you want a divorce? Think about the Clements family's reputation!" 
The slap twisted Andrew's head to the side, and he tasted blood. In that moment, the despair in his eyes faded. Right, he wanted a divorce. "Mom, I'm serious about the divorce."
"You!!" Marissa raised her hand again, threatening another blow.
Andrew closed his eyes, his Adam's apple moving in a hard swallow. "Even if you kill me, I'm still getting a divorce."
"Over my dead body! If you divorce,
you'll have my corpse to answer to tomorrow. Pull yourself together, and go to the office. Tessa's at home crying her eyes out every day. You brought this upon yourself, so deal with it." 
Marissa's brow was etched with impatience, She whipped out a compact mirror to touch up her
makeup. "I've got a tea date with et
some tadies this afternoon. You're not a child, Andrew. Stop spouting such juvenile nonsense." 
Her tone was dismissive as she stowed the mirror back in her purse and strutted away in her heels.
Marissa was known for her iron will, just as she had promised Tessa a wedding into the Clements family within a week.
Divorce was not taken lightly in the Clements family. It was their creed.
Left alone, Andrew could only taste the blood in his mouth and remember Aubree's words. He and Tessa were the ones who deserved to go to hell.
Aubree had endured in silence, revealing the video only on his wedding night.
Bound by family pressures, he found himself unable to leave Tessa just yet, leaving him no legitimate reason to pursue Aubree.
The more he tried to salvage their relationship, the more he clung to her, the more his selfishness showed.
This was Aubree's ultimate revenge.
How deeply she must have hated him.
###Chapter 743
Andrew leaned weakly against the door, chuckling bitterly a couple of times. However, at the thought of Tessa, a trace of coldness flickered in his eyes.
He dialed his associates, ordering them to extract Tessa from the Clements household and confine her to a house. They were to strip her of all means of communication.
He wasn't entirely sure if she still possessed that incriminating video.
Meanwhile, Aubree was determined to break into the entertainment industry, a place where any hint of scandal could be a death sentence. Andrew knew his role was to shield and guide her through the treacherous waters of showbiz. After ending the call, Andrew felt an agonizing bitterness in his heart. Clutching his chest as if pierced by needles, he slumped on the couch, lost in thought.
At that moment, Aubree was having tea with Brielle.
"So, that Kingston is really your biological father?" Aubree inquired, having followed the recent news. Kingston's nefarious reputation was likely the talk of the Beaconsfield social circles, with many probably sneering at Brielle's plight. The corners of Brielle's mouth twisted into a bitter smile. "Mark handed me the paternity test results. He's been trying to help me find my real parents for years."
"But Mark's just a laid-off factory worker. The information he gave might not be accurate. Bri, deep down you might feel abandoned by your family. That's why when someone like Kingston shows up, you're not surprised. You don't fight it. Instead, you accept the harsh reality, albeit with pain and resignation."
Aubree knew Brielle too well after all these years. She understood the scars in her friend's heart. Abandoned on a snowy day at an orphanage's doorstep, Brielle had always felt unloved.
When the Haywood family brought Brielle home, she was kidnapped for ransom. The kidnappers couldn't get through to the Haywoods to negotiate. Even after lowering their demands three times, there was no response. Eventually, it was the police who raided the hideout and saved her.
At that time, the Haywood family was too busy celebrating Lillian's birthday with a lavish party to answer the phone.
Aubree was also on the guest list for that party. When she saw the police return a disheveled Brielle, who stood out in her dirtied clothes against the backdrop of elegantly dressed ladies, she knew she had to become close friends with this girl.
The abandonment at the orphanage, and the kidnappers' failed ransom - these events had left an indelible mark on Brielle. Despite her successes, Brielle still craved a family's love - a need that was severely unmet.
Now, Brielle might pretend to be
indifferent to family bonds,
convincing herself she had moved
on from those painful memories. But
in truth she was still shackled, her
internal wounds dressed in
a
prisoner's garb. 
Aubree became close to Brielle at that banquet because she felt that Brielle was just like herself.
At that young age, she was already mesmerized by Andrew, yearning for the love in the adults' world. Meanwhile, Brielle longed for family affection. Two wounded souls, in many nights, opened up to each other about their most fragmented and painful sorrows. 
"Bri, let's do another paternity test with Kingston," Aubree suggested, patting Brielle's shoulder reassuringly.
"Do you remember that party? I decided then to be your friend because I felt the Haywoods didn't deserve you. You were meant for something more, and it's the same now."
The Haywoods didn't deserve her, and Kingston even less so.
Brielle thought for a moment and then nodded. "Alright, I'll do it."
When Brielle left, it was already two in the afternoon.
Kingston was again loitering outside Stellar Stage Entertainment,
evidently not having learned his
lesson even after being detained et
Brielle instructed security to obtain a strand of his hair and personally delivered it to the testing center. 
There, someone's eyes flickered upon seeing the two profiles. They discreetly switched the samples and made a call.
The man on the other end, his face obscured by a mask, swirled his drink while overlooking a vast indoor pool.
"Alright."
His tone was indifferent. After hanging up, he glanced at a photo on his phone.
His little princess didn't need the world's attention.
###Chapter 744
A butler, dressed in immaculate white gloves, approached the gentleman and whispered something into his ear, prompting a light chuckle from the man as he set his wine glass down with grace.
As he rose to his feet, a thought seemed to strike him, and he turned to instruct someone behind him. "Keep a close eye on the commotion over there. I need to go have a chat with a few unruly hounds." "Understood."
Brielle had spent the entire afternoon waiting for the results from the paternity center. As the workday was drawing to a close, a dossier was delivered to her.
The results were as expected. She was still linked to Kingston by blood.
She let out a self-deprecating laugh and tossed the paperwork straight into the trash bin.
At that moment, Tiffanie burst through the door, her face flushed with ire.
"I can't even with those high society ladies anymore. Ever since your family drama hit the fan, they've been dragging your name through the mud daily in the chat groups. Some even had their maids snap pictures of Kingston's place, airing out all the dirty laundry about him and his wife's past shenanigans. You know he has a son named James, right? A real thug, always shaking people down for 'protection money'. Lately, he's been telling everyone you're his little sister."
Brielle wasn't part of those chaotic Beaconsfield social circles, but Tiffanie was, and she couldn't stand to look at them for another day.
These high society ladies had been embarrassed in front of Brielle before and were itching to claw back some dignity. Now that Brielle's past was out in the open, they were all too eager to kick her while she was down. Tiffanie was about to say more, but her anger spiked when she caught sight of the latest message on her phone.
[Brielle isn't just a joke compared to Alivia. Even the Barnes family's staff in Beaconsfield live more comfortably than middle-class families. Pfft.]
[And she had the nerve to act all high and mighty before? With parents like that, the nerve!]
[I bet Michael's beside himself, having his most promising son entangled with someone of such lowly birth.]
Brielle simply hung up her coat, not giving the matter any attention, which only served to infuriate Tiffanie further.
That was until Donny walked in. "Ms. Haywood, there's a guy outside claiming to be your brother. He wants to meet you and brought his résumé, says he wants a job at Stellar Stage Entertainment."
However, when Donny thought of that resume, his brows furrowed. A person without an education, who was all talk and no action, and constantly used foul language, simply didn't qualify to enter Stellar Stage Entertainment. But the man was insistent, claiming to be Ms. Haywood's brother and demanding she come down to meet him.
A flicker of impatience crossed Brielle's face. It seemed this family was like chewing gum on the sole of her shoe-impossibly sticky.
"Call the police, and from now on, you don't need to report anything related to the Fox family to me."
Donny could see she was genuinely upset and nodded quickly.
Meanwhile, James loitered outside for a while but left before the police arrived.
After wrapping up the afternoon's work, Brielle decided it was time to meet this so-called movie star that Donny had mentioned. She had the address on her phone.
Tiffanie was just passing by to vent, and Brielle didn't care one bit about the gossip from the social circles of Beaconsfield.
At six in the evening, after clocking
out, Brielle set her navigation for the
movie star's villa. Passing by a dessert shop, she remembered Donny's note about the actor's preference for matcha-flavored sweets with less sugar, so she packed up a beautifully decorated little cake. 
Just as she stepped out with the cake, she spotted a young man lingering suspiciously around her car.
Brielle had seen photos of James and recognized him at a glance. James was tall and burly, the type who looked like he was no stranger to a scuffle. Upon seeing Brielle, a grin spread across his face. "Brielle!"
Brielle's brow furrowed, and she made a beeline for her car.
But James grabbed her wrist, "I've heard all about it from mom and dad. I came especially to see you. Just give me a few minutes of your time."
James' grip was strong, and Brielle
e couldn't shake him off. She hadn't expected him to be so towering. Her taekwondo skills seemed pitifully ineffective against him.
She took a deep breath. "There's nothing for us to talk about. If you keep this up, I'm calling the cops."
James pulled her closer, "Don't be like that. I really do want to have a chat."
Brielle struggled, realizing his stocky build and height advantage would be intimidating to anyone.
The dessert shop was situated near
several rehab centers, with steep steps leading up to it. The movie star, known for his eccentricity, had a relative who was a psychiatrist," which explained why he lived in a villa near the heart of the rehab facility. 
This dessert shop, pricey as it was, belonged to other villa owners in the area.
But that wasn't the point. The point was that James had followed her here, and Brielle was now at a disadvantage.
###Chapter 745
Just as she was about to strike at his belly, a mocking voice echoed from not too far away. "Slut!"
Brielle froze, her gaze shifting toward the entrance.
The whole area was a wellness retreat with picturesque views, and at that moment, Martha, sitting in a wheelchair, was being pushed around for a stroll in the vicinity.
There was a riverside walkway meant exclusively for the retreat and the surrounding villa community. Brielle hadn't expected to run into Martha here.
Martha's eyes blazed with an intense hatred as she glared at Brielle.
Brielle frowned upon hearing Martha's unfiltered tirade continue.
"You whore! You think you've won my son over with your bedroom tricks? The guy next to you must be your lover, huh? You sure have a way with men, seducing Max with your cheap tricks. Now that Max isn't around, you're already on the prowl for someone else, aren't you?
"Word is your dad's a doorman, your mom's a lowly maid, and your brother's a no-good thug. How can someone of your low birth lack such self-awareness and cling to Max like that? Don't you feel inferior in front of him?!
"You're not worthy of my son, and that brute next to you, he looks like an uneducated lout. Brielle, oh Brielle, I bet you're with Max just for the money, right? Probably learned all your tricks from your mom. I heard she was quite the little tart in her day. The whole neighborhood knew how cheap she was."
Martha had been seething with fury lately, and she hadn't expected to be caught off guard by a run-in with Brielle.
Her pent-up rage exploded in an instant, and she could barely contain her desire to throttle Brielle right there. However, she had just finished her medication and was still feeling weak, so all she could do was shoot Brielle death stares.
Stung by the barrage of insults, Brielle scowled. James, who had been restraining her, slowly let go and bellowed, "Shut your damn mouth, you old hag! What the hell are you saying? I think you're the real slut here!"
Martha, unaccustomed to being spoken to in such a way, turned a ghastly shade of pale and let out a sinister chuckle. "Oh, hit a nerve, did I? You adulterers deserve each other. You should rot in hell."
James couldn't take the provocation and marched forward with imposing strides. His towering figure was intimidating enough to send Martha's nurse running in fear.
He grabbed Martha by the collar and snarled, "Keep talking, you old bitch, I dare you!"
No street tough was known for their respect for the elderly.
Martha was livid, her scalp tingling with rage Her son hadn't visited her, and the crushing news Alivia had brought made she wish everything related to Brielle would just vanish.
en FindNovel
"I'll say whatever I want about you and Brielle. You're both trash, birds of a feather, partners in filth."
"Go to hell!" James shoved Martha back into her wheelchair and kicked it forcefully.
"James! Stop!"
Brielle ran to intervene, but James was beyond listening. The wheelchair, with Martha in it, tumbled down the steep steps.
Brielle's heart suddenly turned cold, and at this moment, she found herself unable to say anything.
The wheelchair cascaded down the slope, and Martha, instead of screaming, wore a twisted grin. "Crash!"
Finally, the wheelchair hit the ground, Martha's head striking the sharp edge of a flower bed, blood
pooking around her inso
The cake Brielle had been holding
dropped to the ground, and s people in white, clearly d severat
emerged from the retreat. 
James looked down as Martha was surrounded and helped inside, probably to be rushed into emergency care. "That bitch got what she deserved."
He had no clue about the gravity of what he had done and was tempted to spit in the direction of Martha's fall.
The police arrived swiftly, and handcuffs clicked shut around James' wrists.
Only then did James start to panic, his eyes seeking Brielle's.
###Chapter 746
Brielle stood solemnly, her face a mask of consternation. She followed a group of doctors to where Martha was being treated.
Martha was quickly wheeled into the emergency room. Her body was weak from the medication, and the grim expressions on the doctors' faces did nothing to ease Brielle's growing sense of dread. The lights of the emergency room flickered on. All the doctors present were top international experts. Now tasked with Martha's care, they were well-equipped for the urgent surgery at hand. Half an hour later, Michael walked slowly with the support of a group of people.
Brielle stood up hastily, ready to explain the situation, but Michael raised his hand and slapped her across the face. "If anything happens to Martha, I'll make sure you and your whole family pay for it!" Brielle's cheek stung from the impact, a wave of pain washing over her. She frowned, her response was measured but icy. "Michael, I have no ties to the Fox family."
"Are you denying that the man responsible for Martha's condition is not your legal brother?"
Silenced by his accusation, Brielle had no retort. She wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth, a ripple of emotion crossing her eyes.
Michael, leaning on his cane, wore a stormy expression. "You better pray she makes it."
The other members of the Dorsey family, including Victoria, trailed behind him. Victoria's gaze on Brielle was complex.
Michael took a seat, waiting for news from the emergency room in tense silence.
Brielle felt the bitter injustice of her situation. Because of her Fox family blood, she was being blamed for James' actions against Martha.
And she couldn't refute it because of that paternity test.
Michael's eyes narrowed as he turned to Victoria. "Did you notify Max? Let him see what has become of Martha because of him!"
Brielle wanted to shout at Michael, and accuse him of exploiting the situation. But Martha was his wife, at least in name, and to speak out would only give their enemies more ammunition.
The Dorsey family members lined the hallway, their eyes on Brielle as if she was something foul and contaminating.
Brielle pursed her lips and kept silent.
A doctor emerged, Victoria grabbing at him frantically. "How is she?"
The doctor hadn't even removed his mask, yet the grave look in his eyes said it all. "The prognosis isn't good Ms. Martha's recent physical and mental state have been
deteriorating, and now with the head trauma and excessive blood loss, there's a chance she may become vegetative." 
The word "vegetative" hung heavy in the air, stifling the hallway with its implications.
Victoria released the doctor in shock, her face contorting with despair.
Michael took a deep breath and instructed someone nearby. "Inform the police to hold James
accountable. Dig up every dirty. secret of the Kingston couple and make sure they rot behind bars!" 
QUMS
He glanced at Brielle as he said this, and she felt like prey under the gaze of a venomous snake, paralyzed.
A chill crept up from the soles of her feet, and she instinctively wanted to back away, but was met with the cold, unyielding wall. There was nowhere to retreat. Twenty minutes later, Max arrived.
Martha was moved to intensive care. The possibility of her being vegetative was the best-case scenario. The worst was that she might not survive at all.
Brielle opened her mouth to speak to Max but found herself at a loss for words. Her eyes reddened as she struggled with what to say.
Could she deny her connection to James? But the paternity test was there for all to see, and everyone would blame her brother for Martha's condition, or even her death. How could Max be with a woman whose brother was responsible for his mother's fate?
"Max, you're just in time," Michael said pointedly. "I always told you, you and Brielle come from different worlds. I tried to advise you, but you wouldn't listen, and now look where we are. If you still want to be with her do you think you can live with what's happened to Martha?" 
###Chapter 747
Max peered through the hospital window, his heart heavy as he observed the hive of activity in the intensive care unit. Tubes and wires ensnared Martha while doctors monitored her vitals on the array of beeping machines beside her.
Suddenly, Michael turned, his gesture cold and disdainful, pointing an accusing finger at Brielle. "As long as I draw breath, I'll never let a woman like her cross the threshold of the Dorsey household! If you insist on this, Max, don't bother coming back to the family estate!" His words were a hair's breadth away from outright disowning his son.
"Father, Brielle has no ties to the Kingstons. Do what you will with the others, but there's no need to drag her into this," Max argued.
Michael let out a derisive chuckle. "Do you truly believe Brielle is more important than Martha that you'd disregard whether she lives or dies?"
"I never said that."
Seemingly exhausted by the confrontation, Michael waved his hand dismissively. "Let's just focus on Martha for now."
Max remained silent, standing his ground, his hand reaching back slightly, seeking Brielle's.
Her hand was as cold as ice, devoid of warmth. She couldn't even feel the heat of Max's palm, only the numbing cold.
With his back to her, Max faced down the rest of the Dorsey clan with a dignified defiance.
Brielle's lips parted, but she felt utterly powerless. Unless she renounced her very flesh and blood, in the eyes of others, James would always be her brother, the one who had harmed Martha.
Blinking back her emotions, she pressed her lips together, saying nothing.
The hospital corridor was eerily quiet. Brielle didn't need to look to know Max had stirred discontent amongst the Dorseys by standing with her.
She could feel Victoria's gaze upon her, a mix of resentment and bitter accusation.
The fight for Martha's life continued unabated, and Max only turned to Brielle long enough to say, "Go home for now."
It made sense for him to stay. After all, it was his mother clinging to life.
Brielle wanted to offer some words of comfort but felt it was futile under the watchful eyes of the family. She turned and walked silently out of the hospital, her mind a blank slate.
Patrick was waiting outside, hastening to open the car door for her. "Ms. Brielle, you should head back."
She nodded, knowing there was little else to do.
Feeling completely drained, she was about to get into the car when Kingston's voice carried from a distance.
"Brielle, you have to save your brother. If it weren't for you, he wouldn't be in the police station. Do you want his life ruined?
"I'll give up the billion-dollar alimony. If something happens to him, your mother and I won't want to live either. You have to save him."
Kingston had apparently been waiting for her, desperate for help, but Brielle silently got into the car without responding.
"Brielle!"
"Brielle!"
Her father's voice grew fainter as the car pulled away.
Patrick glanced at Brielle through the
rearview mirror, noting her gaze
fixed on the car roof, lost in thought. He wanted to offer some comfort, Wante
but words seemed pointless with Martha's fate uncertain.
Back at Premier Palace, Brielle skipped dinner and went straight to bed, haunted by the cacophony of accusations - Kingston's, James', and the rest of the Dorsey family.
She frowned, sitting up to ask Wesley for a sleeping pill.
Wesley simply advised her to try and relax.
Even with the medication, Brielle's sleep was fitful, disturbed by every slight noise. She would wake every half hour, hoping to see Max return. This restless vigil lasted until dawn when she finally slipped into an uneasy slumber. 
Max did not come back that night, a grim sign of Martha's dire condition. Brielle was too weary to work and could only wait for news from Patrick.
The hospital was abuzz with activity; word was that Martha had been rushed back to the emergency room the previous night but was now stable enough to speak. Yet, she would only see Alivia.
The Dorsey family quickly summoned Alivia, who trembled with excitement at the news. This was her moment!
Fate itself seemed to collude in her favor. Brielle's brother had hurt Martha, and now Martha wanted only her company, signaling to the entire Dorsey family that Alivia was the chosen one.
###Chapter 748
Alivia rushed to the sanatorium, her heart sinking as she saw the crowd of people still waiting in the corridor. Her eyes instantly welled up as she approached the doctor. "How's Martha doing?"
"Ms. Alivia, Ms. Martha just came around for a bit and said she wanted to see you. Come on in, but please suit up in protective gear first."
Nodding, Alivia followed the doctor, slipping into the gear before proceeding inside.
She immediately spotted Martha lying in the hospital bed, tubes and wires protruding from her body. Yet, there was no sign of defeat in Martha's eyes; rather, there was a strange excitement. "Alivia, come here." Despite how uncomfortable she felt, Martha was actually agitated and thrilled. She could finally use her broken body to force Max and Brielle apart.
"Alivia, tell me, is it Max or no one for you?"
An intuition told Alivia that Martha was on the brink of a major decision. Unable to guess what it was, she affirmed with conviction. "Martha, I've been in love with Max for so many years. I am definitely the person who loves him the most in this world. I would do anything to marry him."
Her eyes shone with deep affection and a hint of shyness - the mark of true love.
Speaking was difficult for Martha. The doctors weren't exaggerating when they said she could become vegetative. Her body was frozen, but her mind was still turning sharply. "Are you sure? Marrying Max could make you the target of a lot of anger. Would you still want it?" "I would!" Alivia's voice brimmed with resolve, her eyes sparkling. "Nothing else would have meaning if I can't be with Max. I've worked my way to this point, to this position, just for him to give me a second glance."
They were alone in the intensive care unit with the curtains drawn, and nobody knew what they were discussing or saw their movements.
Martha felt a deep sense of relief and affection as she watched Alivia. "I understand. Do you remember what I told you? I'd lay down my life to unite you with Max."
Alivia's heart raced, her lips pressed tightly together.
"Alivia, whatever you desire, I will fight for it. Because you are my..." Martha paused, letting out a weary sigh. "There's a vial of medicine next to you. Do you see it? Inject it into the IV bag. It will keep my mind clear for another month, but after that, I will die." Alivia's pupils dilated slightly, half-expecting this to be some sort of joke.
Martha's gaze was determined, her lips curving into a faint smile. "You said you'd do anything for Max, right?"
In truth, Alivia didn't hesitate for a second, but since Martha wouldn't die immediately, she felt compelled to put on a show of reluctance. "Martha, if I do this, Max will never forgive me." 
en FindNovel
"Don't worry, no one will find out. I probably won't live another month and will find a way to die sooner."
Alivia looked down, listening as Martha continued.
"Alivia, if Max stays with Brielle, it'll be worse than death for me. If my death can leave a scar in Max's heart, it'll be worth it. Can they really be at peace together, carrying the weight of my life?" FindNovel
Max wanted to escape her grasp? Impossible.
She watched him grow up under her watchful eye. He would never break free from the Dorsey family's clutches.
She wanted Max to always prioritize the Dorsey family and put being the CEO of Dorsey International first, not some lowly woman with a family of thieves. Brielle didn't deserve Max!
"Alivia, if you hesitate, it means you don't love Max enough."
Immediately, Alivia grabbed the syringe nearby, her eyes flashing with determination. "Martha, I'll do it. I just hope you won't blame me."
"I won't blame you. You're my favorite, and you must be with Max, be happy." Martha used up the last of her energy to say this.
Once Alivia was certain that no one
would discover her actions, she
steeled herself and injected the medication into the IV bag. The medication, flowing through the IV,
would enter Martha's bloodstream. 
Martha had people among the medical staff; getting hold of such a drug wasn't surprising as it had been part of her plan.
Martha drifted back to sleep. The drug would keep her unusually alert for a month, but this alertness was akin to the last burst of clarity before death.
After injecting the medication, Alivia pocketed the syringe.
###Chapter 749
Alivia stood in the silent room, her heart oddly calm as she processed everything that had transpired. From the moment Martha had declared her willingness to trade her life for Alivia's union with Max, Alivia had internally prepared herself. She had asked herself countless times if she would accept such an offer once it was presented.
The truth was, Alivia was more than willing. In her eyes, any sacrifice made for her relationship with Max was a sacrifice worth making.
Martha had drifted into sleep, and Alivia rose from her bedside, stepping out into the corridor. She peeled off her protective gear and handed it to a nearby nurse with a nonchalant air as if she hadn't just been contemplating the gravity of life and death.
All eyes from the Dorsey family turned to her, a mix of concern and curiosity in their gazes. But Alivia wasn't shaken. She might as well have been discussing the weather when she said, "Martha only had a few things to say about me and Max. Don't worry. She's feeling quite content now."
She turned to Max, who stood silent, his stoic demeanor unbroken, while the others let out sighs of relief.
Victoria hesitantly approached the attending doctor. "How long does she need to stay in the ICU?"
"At most three days. We're not sure what might happen, so please be prepared for any outcome," the doctor responded cautiously.
Victoria nodded, her eyes brimming with unshed tears. Despite her strained relationship with Martha, Martha was still Victoria's mother, and concern was inevitable. Martha had lavished all her affection and attention on her son, Max, leaving Victoria to linger in the shadows.
As the daughter of a family that valued sons, Victoria's longing for attention had never been satisfied by her father, Michael. The Dorsey name provided her with a prestigious status and wealth but not the emotional fulfillment she craved. This emotional void made her cling to Everett when he appeared in her life as if he could make up for all she had lacked.
Her obsession with the relationship had caused both her and Everett years of anguish.
Michael massaged his temples, his gaze locking onto Max. "Max, what are you going to do about this situation?"
The implication was clear-it was time for Max to make a choice.
Max's lips tightened as he looked away. "I will ensure that whoever harmed my mother will face consequences."
Michael let out a mirthless chuckle. "When James pushed Martha, Brielle was right there and did nothing to stop it. Can you really be at peace being with her?"
His words cut deep. When it came to speaking his mind, Michael was always the sharpest knife in the drawer.
He added with a sneer, "I've said it before: Brielle's intentions with you aren't pure. You two aren't suitable for each other, but you wouldn't listen."
Michael, leaning on his cane, made his way out. The rest of the Dorsey family followed, leaving only Victoria and Alivia behind.
Victoria reached out, intending to touch Max's shoulder, but remembering his slight aversion to physical contact, she thought better of it. "Max, Mother really despises Brieffe, and honestly, I have to ask, does it have to be her?" 
"Did you have to be with Everett?" Max shot back, his tone icy.
Victoria's face stiffened with a mix of anger and embarrassment.
Alivia quickly stepped in to smooth things over. "Victoria, let's not do this now. Max isn't in the best state of mind, either. Let's give each other some space."
Victoria grabbed Alivia's hand, her
heels clicking on the floor as she leaned in. "Alivia, I genuinely like you. I didn't hate Brielle before. I only wanted Max to be happy. But now, I can't help but think that if you were with him, our family wouldn't be in such disarray. Max has always been so untouchable, but because of Brielle, he's become the talk of the town. I get furious just looking at the messages in our social circles."
Reputation was paramount in their world. Max used to be admired and almost worshipped, but now, his name conjured up images of Brielle and her less-than-ideal family background. It was as if she had pulled him down from the clouds. "Let's just give Max some time to himself," Alivia said gently, escorting Victoria to the exit of the rehabilitation center.
Victoria sighed deeply, her private
thoughts slipping out. "Sometimes, I selfishly wish Brielle didn't exist. You and Max were meant to be, but she's wedged herself between you and turned our family upside down. Any fondness I had for her has vanished." 
"Victoria, let's address this after everything has settled down," Alivia urged.
"You always know just what to say, Alivia." Victoria patted Alivia's hand and then slipped into her car.
Everyone was waiting for an outcome from the ICU, but Alivia knew the result ahead of them all. In a month, Martha would be gone.
Her lips curved into a faint smile as she made her way back into the center, the wheels of fate silently turning in the quiet of her heart.
###Chapter 750
Max had already found a seat and sat down, his posture rigid and upright, the very picture of composure. However, Alivia could tell that beneath the surface, Max was anything but calm. For years, he had diligently overseen Martha's treatment, and now, despite the introduction of cutting-edge medication, Martha's condition had deteriorated because of Brielle.
The fact that Brielle had been present during the incident was an indelible stain on her reputation. She hadn't intervened in time, and that lapse had directly contributed to Martha's current plight. Moreover, it was Brielle's own brother who had caused the harm. Had Brielle, at some dark moment, wished for Martha's demise as well?
This thought would undoubtedly become a thorn in Max's side.
Taking a deep breath to muster tears, Alivia approached Max.
"Max, there's a room for you at the sanatorium, the same one as before. Why don't you stay the night?" she suggested gently.
Max blinked for the first time in a while, replying with a faint "Hmm."
"I've had the surveillance footage from that day brought over. Unfortunately, the nearest camera was a bit too far to capture their voices, so you won't be able to hear them in the recording. I'll have someone set it up in your room."
Alivia wasn't lying about this. The open space had diluted the sound to a whisper, making it impossible to hear Martha's curses, leaving only the visual of Martha and Brielle locking eyes. What was clear from the footage was Brielle's fight with James just before he turned his aggression on Martha.
The video did not bode well for Brielle. At the very least, it didn't portray her as innocent.
After reviewing the surveillance, Alivia had deliberately retrieved it, knowing it would serve her purposes.
"Max, go get some rest. Staying up all night here won't hasten the results for Martha," she advised, her tone laced with faux concern.
Still in the suit he had worn to the Dorsey International meeting, Max stood up and began rubbing his temples, clearly exhausted.
Alivia wanted to seize the opportunity to say more, but Max was already heading for the door, not sparing her another word.
A flicker of disappointment crossed Alivia's eyes, but it was quickly replaced by confidence. This crisis was far more serious than before. Even if Max was emotionally detached, Martha was still his mother. He couldn't be entirely indifferent. Her lips curved into a determined smile. She had no regrets about injecting the drugs.
Back in his usual room at the sanatorium, Max found that Patrick had anticipated his stay and had the wardrobe fully stocked with his clothes.
After a shower, Max emerged, casually toweling his hair dry.
"Sir, Ms. Brielle and Kingston have undergone another paternity test, and the results confirm their biological relation," reported a familiar voice. Max took a sip of water, its coolness quelling the restlessness within him.
"And I've had people dig into Kingston's past, About two decades ago, they did indeed abandon a girl at the doorstep of Sunflower Children's Home. According to Ms. Brielle and Mark's accounts, Brielle was the child Mark found at the orphanage, cold and starving, nearly dead. Mark spent a lot of money to save her, which explains why Ms. Brielle was so frail and sickly as a child." 
All the evidence pointed to the validity of the paternity test.
Max's lips pursed. "Which hospital conducted the test?"
"It was Central Hospital, independent, under government administration," the voice responded.
Max frowned slightly, then listened as Patrick continued.

"The police have also reported that Kingston and his wife have a history of petty theft. The warehouse he managed often reported missing items, and there were numerous complaints from clients. However, since the losses were minor, they never faced criminal charges. As for his wife, she's been caught stealing jewelry from her employers. Their son, James, has been involved in petty crime, extorting protection money with a gang of underlings." 
This matched the gossip circulating in their social circles.
Max played the video Alivia had sent. There was little to glean from it. In fact, it seemed to suggest thate Brielle was complicit in some wrongdoing. 
Max knew his mother had always had a disdainful attitude towards Brielle. Was it possible Brielle harbored some resentment toward Martha?
He pursed his lips, watching as Brielle dropped her little cupcake, apparently trying to stop James, but her actions were too slow.
The video made it seem like Brielle could have intervened faster.
The video couldn't convey the full context since Max hadn't been at the scene. In reality, Martha's spiteful words had frozen Brielle in place.
###Chapter 751
Martha had never been a fan of Brielle, but she'd never before stooped to hurling insults in broad daylight with such filthy abandon.
In that instant, Brielle's mind went blank. She hadn't expected someone of Martha's stature to sling mud like a fishwife, with every barb seeming designed to provoke.
Lost in thought over this, Brielle didn't notice until it was too late that James had already kicked out the chair Martha was sitting on.
With the staircase being so high, even if Brielle had thrown her body beneath Martha, it would've been too late. She couldn't match the speed of the fall.
All this wasn't apparent in the video. Slow was slow, and the video couldn't be scrubbed clean.
Max stopped the video with a cold detachment, feeling a restlessness spread through his chest.
Patrick stood by his side, had also seen the video, and recognized the problem: Ms. Brielle had really landed herself in hot water.
First, she was entangled with the Kingston family, and now, she was linked with Ms. Martha's injury.
For years, Max had gone out of his way to find doctors for Martha, sending her to a foreign sanatorium after his Wall Street stint.
Martha mattered to Max. She had given him life.
"Sir, Ms. Brielle has returned to the Premier Palace and asked to be kept informed of Ms. Martha's condition."
"Mm."
Max's tone was noncommittal, and his gaze was lost in the sanatorium's garden through the window.
"I heard Michael blew up pretty badly and shattered quite a few mugs in his study."
Michael even uttered that Max should never return to the Dorsey family homestead, indicating his rage. It was the fiercest Michael had ever been, especially regarding Max. Max rubbed his temples, the skin under his eyes tinged with fatigue. "Alright."
He continued to stare outside, his thoughts unreadable. Minutes later, a chill flashed in his eyes.
"Look into Sunflower Children's Home, and while you're at it, bring Mark back."
Mark was the primary contact of the orphanage, so he'd surely have the clearest picture of Brielle's past.
"Ms. Brielle sent Mark away, but we've located him. I'll have someone fetch him tonight."
Many records from the orphanage were lost, but perhaps Mark retained some memory. Only with his return could the mysteries be resolved.
Once Max finished instructing, Patrick left, giving Max space to rest-more events were sure to unfold.
At six in the morning, Martha sent a message. She wanted to speak with Max. Max hastily prepared and headed for the ICU.
Now, Martha lay motionless, only her eyes able to move. Doctors had tried to move her fingers the previous night but to no response.
Max expected some final words, but Martha just stared at him with a mix of weakness and resentment.
For the first time, Max felt as if a needle had pricked his heart. He reached out, taking Martha's hand. "Mother."
Martha offered no response, instead closing her eyes.
Max opened his mouth to speak, looking to the doctor.
The doctor sighed, continually monitoring the data. "Max, your mother's condition is grave. We've examined her, and there's no sensation in her limbs. Even if she survives this critical period, she'll be in a vegetative state. Your should prepare." 
Martha just closed her eyes, saying nothing. She hadn't summoned him for last words but to burden Max with a psychological weight. Having been injected with a drug the night before, Martha's mind was clear, temporarily free of pain, coldly analyzing everything.
The moment she knew her son was
with Brielle, Martha was ready to face death. The Dorsey family heir, her painstakingly nurtured legacy, wouldn't be ruined by such a
woman. 
So she kept her trump card, aware of all the machinations in play. She had a month to slowly crush these two people.
The doctor caught Martha's eye,
realizing her goal was achieved, and
suggested, "Ms. Martha needs ber
rest. You should go now. Come back later to visit." 
Max nodded, leaving the ICU, feeling an overwhelming exhaustion. It wasn't physical fatigue but a weariness rising from deep within his soul.
###Chapter 752
she couldn't help but break down, the medical staff nearby offering their best attempts at consolation.
Max retreated to the sanctuary of his own room, his brow furrowing at the sound of Alivia's sobs filtering in from outside. She was on the phone with the doctor, grappling with the stark prognosis that Martha might never wake from her vegetative state. As the reality sank in, Alivia had chosen to stay the night at the hospice, and she had specifically requested a room far from Max's. Her cries were loud enough for Max to hear, and even as he listened, he said nothing. After all, Alivia and his mother Martha had always been close. As Alivia cried, she ensured that her voice could be heard just right in the room where Max was located. A small, almost imperceptible smile tugged at the corners of her lips as she stood outside the intensive care unit without entering. The doctors mistook her presence for overwhelming grief and tried to comfort her. But behind the veil of sorrow, her eyes burned with curiosity, wondering what Martha's next move would be.
Martha was a gambler, betting her life with a fervor that outmatched anyone else's. Even as a child, Alivia knew there was something off about her. Martha's harsh, domineering ways of training Max were as if he wasn't her son at all. Back then, Max's reluctance to speak or interact with others was likely a subconscious defense against the torment he endured, causing him to shut everyone out.
Martha even enlisted the help of psychiatrists and therapists in an attempt to 'cure' him, though what was treated in those sessions remained a mystery to all. Yet, whatever happened, Max emerged as a prodigy with astonishing talents and leadership qualities, seizing the reins of power from Michael by the tender age of ten.
Alivia felt her smile growing harder to hide. She sat down, burying her face in her hands to appear utterly heartbroken, as the doctors around her sighed sympathetically, convinced of her deep bond with Martha. Little did they know, just last night, Alivia had administered a lethal dose to Martha, all in the name of love.
Hiding her face, Alivia's grin turned manic. She was anticipating Martha's countermove. After all, Martha had not spent years in Beaconsfield without forging some connections. No one knew what she would do next.
Alivia was almost buzzing with anticipation, and at the same time, the thought of Brielle filled her with loathing.
Meanwhile, at the Premier Palace, Brielle had not stepped out, awaiting feedback from Patrick. The night had passed without a word from him, indicating Martha's fate was still undecided. Brielle felt as if a guillotine hung above her neck, ready to drop with Martha's verdict. She touched her cheek, still feeling the sting of Michael's slap from the previous day. Fortunately, Max had arrived in time to shield her, and he had noticed the mark.
Wesley noticed the fingerprint bruising on Brielle's face and hurried to cook an egg, peeling it and handing it to her with concern. "Ms. Brielle, who did this to you? If anything's wrong, please tell the boss. Don't keep it to yourself."
Brielle managed a bitter smile,
feeling it was best not to trouble Max with such trivial matters, especially when he had enough on his plate. She winced as the smile stretched her bruised skin and began to roll the egg over her cheek to soothe the pain. Wesley watched her, his own expression a mix of concern and resignation. 
As noon approached without any news from the hospice, Brielle received a message from Mark.
[Bri, I'm heading back to
Beaconsfield soon. Don't worry, Mr. Dorsey's people are picking me up. They want to conduct a thorough investigation into your lineage. I've heard about the troubles the Fox family has caused you. I hope you're not their child. I'm coming to look into the destroyed documents, and maybe if I can remember something, it might help a lot.] 
Brielle's heart sank. Max had started digging into her past, which meant he was taking Martha's claim seriously. To extricate her from this mess, she needed to prove she wasn't a Fox, or else nothing else mattered. The Dorseys would latch onto that fact and drag her through the mud.
She feared the Dorsey family's scorn
the least. Her relationship with Max had never been blessed by many. The other society figures in Beaconsfield watched her like a spectacle, counting down the days until Max would cast her aside. And if that day came, the resentful socialites who had long envied her would unleash their influence and cruelty upon her as if snuffing out an ant. 
###Chapter 753
Brielle was at a loss for words on how to respond to Mark. She had wanted to tell him not to bother coming over because she had undergone another paternity test with Kingston, this time under the strict supervision of a government-regulated hospital. Hence, the chances of a mistake were slim to none.
Two consecutive paternity tests yielding the same result solidified the truth about her and Kingston's connection.
Who would go to such lengths to orchestrate all this?
Before she had met Max, Brielle's life had been by the book, and although her relationship with Max had attracted its fair share of criticism, it seemed far-fetched that someone would tamper with her identity.
Her brow furrowed with concern, but considering Max had personally arranged for someone to pick her up, she feared that refusing to cooperate would only leave him with doubts.
[Alright, Mark, just hit me up when you get here, and we can head out together. I've recently bumped into another guy from Sunflower Children's Home, and we could both come and pick you up.] she replied.
The person she was talking about was Ricardo, who used to live in Sunflower Children's Home and got along great with the kids there.
[You don't have to pick me up, Bri. Just focus on your own stuff. Mr. Dorsey's got my back. My return's on the down-low. Mr. Lynch also found me last time, so there's probably some secret still lurking in that home. It's better to play it safe.] Mark texted back. Brielle's heart sank a little more with each message.
Mark was no spring chicken, and she had selfishly sent him away from Beaconsfield. Now, because of her, he was being dragged back into turmoil and sneaking around in his own hometown.
Beaconsfield was supposed to be Mark's home.
However, she was powerless to intervene, so she silently accepted the outcome.
She stayed in the Premier Palace until late afternoon when news came from the clinic that Martha had awakened. Brielle's heart leaped, only to plummet upon hearing that Martha had slipped into a vegetative state.
She felt paralyzed, frozen on the couch, her mind a whirlwind of chaos.
Meanwhile, her phone number had somehow been leaked to Kingston. Since Mark's message, Kingston had been bombarding her with texts, each more pleading than the last, begging her to help get James out of the police station. But what could Brielle possibly do?
James had hurt Martha, Michael's wife.
Michael had made his intentions crystal clear: they would pay for their actions.
Kingston's final message was a plea.
[I'm sorry for using the media against you and abandoning you all those years ago. Your brother is vital to us; without him, your mother and I wouldn't survive. Brielle, even if your mom and I end up behind bars,
please don't let James go to prison. He isn't a bad guy, just quick-tempered. It's your mom and I who are at fault. When James heard we found you, he kept us from extorting money from you. He may look intimidating, but he's not a bad guy. Please, I'm begging you.] 
Kingston was desperate, and his dozens of messages were a testament to his helplessness.
The police had taken James into custody, and the list of charges against him was lengthy as if they intended to keep him locked away for life.
Kingston couldn't accept this.
James was the family's golden boy, coddled and adored since childhood. They couldn't bear to see him suffer, but now, inexplicably, he was facing prison time. 
As Brielle read the messages, her brow knitted tightly.
Taking a deep breath, she made up her mind to visit James at the police station. Her memory of that night was too muddled; only James knew the whole truth. She arrived at the station to find James, nearly two meters tall, covered in bruises. It seemed Michael had made sure the officers gave James a 'warm welcome.' James' face was scratched, but his eyes lit up at the sight of Brielle. "Bri, you came to see me? So, can I get out of here now?" he asked hopefully.
Brielle had no real affection for the Fox family and loathed Kingston, who was nothing but a schemer in her eyes.
She didn't know James well, but it was undeniable that he had manhandled Martha and had been aggressive.
"You're not getting out, James.
You've hurt someone from the
Dorsey family of Beaconsfield.
That's Max's mother. Max's the GEO
of Dorsey International. Michael has
ordered that you spend the rest of your days in prison," she said, her Voice steady. 
###Chapter 754
Brielle's voice was as calm as a still pond. She sat with only a pane of glass separating her from James.
A flicker of shock passed through James' eyes before he hung his head in dismay.
In Beaconsfield, everyone knew of the Dorseys.
"So what if she's from the Dorsey clan? Wasn't it her fault first? Didn't she start by hurling insults at us? And all I did was grab her by the collar. The nudge I gave her wheelchair wasn't enough to send her tumbling. That old bat let go of the wheelchair's brakes herself, using my push to help her fall. I was shocked, thinking maybe the heavens were punishing her on my behalf. She's such a foul-mouthed, vile person - how could she be Max's mother? I've seen TV segments about Max. Don't they all say he's like some kind of saint? How could someone like him have a mother like that? Brielle, I swear I didn't push her. She released the brakes herself."
Martha's wheelchair had two brakes, one near the armrest and another below. Martha had been sitting in a deluxe wheelchair, and its brakes were even more sensitive than the standard wheelchairs.
When James' foot connected with the wheelchair, Martha's first action was to press the brake on her armrest - a slight movement that only James could clearly see.
At the time, James had thought it was an accident, that fate was on his side - after all, it was Martha's fault, wasn't it? All he did was lift her collar a bit.
Did the world allow people like Martha to spew verbal abuse freely but not allow others to retaliate even slightly?
"When I kicked at her wheelchair, she pressed the manual brake herself. That's why it slipped downhill. At that moment, I was thrilled, thinking she got what she deserved for her rudeness." Brielle's pupils constricted slightly, then she pursed her lips. "Are you sure?"
James felt a surge of anger at her skepticism.
"I may not be some paragon of virtue, and I don't respect my elders as I should. Hell, I'd even snatch candy from kids just to watch them cry, but I'm no liar. My brothers all say I'm loyal. Sure, I collect protection money, but the shops that pay are never bothered by other thugs. What's so wrong with that? Was it wrong to teach a lesson to an old hag who belittles others?"
James grew more incensed as he spoke, finally slamming his hand down on the table. "She released the brake herself, leveraging my push to fly downhill. I even felt her laughing as she fell. Who knows what evil schemes she had up her sleeve - that old hag was definitely up to no good!"
Watching James' outburst, Brielle felt her heart sinking.
If what James said was true, then Martha had set this up. But only James saw Martha release the brake. Who could corroborate his story?
Even the surveillance cameras could only show that it was James' kick that caused the wheelchair to go tumbling down.
James' brows furrowed. "You've got
a way out of this, right? You're the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment. I've been framed, and now there are guys in here who 'spar' with me every day. They claim it's just. sparking, but it feels like they're beating me up and running me ragged with their relentless attacks. All I want is a good night's sleep." 
Brielle, listening to this, began to believe what Kingston had said.
James was a big, uneducated guy who took protection money, but his heart wasn't bad. He was just too hot-headed, making it easy for him to fall into traps.
If that was the case, wasn't it her fault that James had ended up in this mess?
Martha must have known who James was all along and
deliberately provoked him with her vile words. She intentionally released the brake to tie her injury to James and indirectly to Brielle. 
Now, everything was unfolding just as Martha had desired.
Brielle felt a bone-chilling coldness. Could someone really be willing to stake their own life as a bargaining chip?
James tapped on the glass to bring Brielle back to the present.
"I came to Stellar Stage
Entertainment because I wanted to be your bodyguard. I'd only ask for a hundred grand a month. That's a bargain. ?ve had offers before, but turned them down. I crave freedom, no strings attached. But you're different. You're my sister. I'd give up being the boss and being your right-hand man. So, you've got to get me out of this mess. That old lady is no good. You're the only good one." 
James' face still bore the marks of his fights, and at six foot four, he made everyone else seem diminutive.
Brielle remained silent, rising to her feet.
James tapped against the glass again, staring at her with a pitiful, pleading gaze.
###Chapter 755
Brielle took a deep breath, unable to make any more promises. She was up against the Dorsey family, and with her current capabilities, challenging them was akin to a lamb taking on a lion.
"I'll do my best to investigate," she said.
James managed a smile, but the injury on his face pulled at his muscles, causing him pain.
"They're playing tag team on me. I can't beat them all, but I'm sure I won't suffer too much. I'll wait for you to get me out of here."
A pang of discomfort hit Brielle in the chest. She nodded silently and stepped away from the police station.
Outside, she saw about a dozen motorcycles parked nearby, with a group of rough-looking guys boldly waiting by the police station entrance.
As Brielle emerged, they quickly surrounded her.
"Hey, you're James' little sister. How's he doing? Those damn cops, did they give him any trouble?"
"Damn it! I'm about to storm that precinct right now!"
"Girl, come on, talk to us. How's he? Did he suffer in there?"
Brielle opened her mouth but found herself at a loss for words, encircled by a group of twenty-something-year-old guys. Any woman coming face-to-face with such a scene would be terrified.
These were the people society looked down upon, the ones parents warned their children about, the city's supposed shame.
"For now, the details are unclear. I need to look into it further."
"We're not the most educated bunch, but you've got to get him out, okay?"
"Yeah, he gave each one of us your photo. Everyone on the street knows he found his sister. We won't lie. His folks really did you dirty, ditching you just because you were a girl. But James has been looking for you all this time." "Right, we all knew James had been searching for his sister for years. So when we saw the news online, we immediately printed your photo. Each of us carries one. Tell us if you ever run into trouble, and we'll have your back." Standing among them, Brielle suddenly found she couldn't speak.
Police voices echoed in the distance.
"What's going on here?! Are you harassing this girl? We'll lock you all up!"
"A bunch of lowlifes making a scene at the station!"
The group quickly hopped on their bikes, not before reminding Brielle. "Hey, take this."
Brielle reached out, finding a crumpled note in her hand, with a number scrawled on it in almost childlike handwriting.
"If there's any news about James, let us know. We all work for him and are really worried."
With a roar, the motorcycles sped away.
A cop, baton in hand, approached Brielle. "You alright?"
Brielle nodded, feeling a bittersweet taste in her mouth.
"Ms. Brielle, you should head back home if you're okay. We've seen the news about you and the Fox family. They're no good. And yet here you are, coming all the way to see him." 
en FindNovel
She remained silent, knowing the officer meant well.
In most cases, people were judged by their appearances, which supposedly dictated their character.
But the worst devils always wore the kindest masks, and those deemed the dregs by the successful could possess the most honest hearts.
James, a rugged man with a
towering height of 6'4", low
education, and raw strength, was being mobbed inside, yet he sawit as a fair fight. With his simple mind and experience, he couldn't fathom that it was a deliberate attack. 
Even injured, he harbored no resentment, simply believing his attackers lacked honor.
James' crew, seemingly unruly, had rushed to the police station the moment they heard of his trouble, waiting silently for even a scrap of news from her.
Brielle felt a tightness in her chest,
of
feeling for all those in Beaconsfield who suffered from the dirty tricks the high and mighty. They manipulated and crushed others yet denied the common folk even a hint of resistance. 
But on what grounds?
###Chapter 756
She sank back into her car seat. The string of numbers on her phone screen pressed on her chest like a weight, making it hard to breathe. Her heart was a chaotic mess. She was already leaning toward believing James. Their brief encounters had painted him as
someone who didn't seem capable of deceit.
If that was true, then she had inadvertently dragged James into this mess. Martha had targeted James as a way to get at her.
From a moral perspective, Brielle felt the need to help James out of this tight spot, but doing so would mean going against the entire Dorsey family, including Max.
Every piece of evidence, from the video footage to the statements of bystanders, only showed James as the aggressor. His face twisted in anger as he acted out. Michael had already given his orders. No quarter would be given to the Fox family. They would all head straight for jail.
Was it Brielle's fault that the Fox family was on the brink of ruin?
Exhaustion washed over Brielle, a deep, soul-sapping weariness.
Her phone rang at that moment, breaking through her fatigue. It was Kenzo checking on the progress of her speech.
With all this happening, how could she focus on attending the centennial celebration at her alma mater? She'd have to miss it, regretfully.
"Kenzo, I can't make it, I'm sorry. Someone else will have to deliver the speech."
There was a brief pause on the other end before Kenzo asked softly, "Did something happen?"
Brielle felt a sudden urge to cry but held it back.
"It's nothing. Where are you? I'll bring the speech over."
"I'm at the entrance of Stellar Stage Entertainment. I'll wait for you inside."
Reluctantly, Brielle drove to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
The company had been running smoothly lately, thanks to the numerous meetings she'd conducted. The next few days weren't going to be as hectic. Except for the leading man in Kenzo's script-that still needed some attention.
All Stellar Stage Entertainment had to do was wait for John's movie to wrap up and hit the screens, marking their first big splash in the entertainment industry.
Brielle entered the lobby and spotted Kenzo immediately.
He sat by a window. The receptionists recognized him and eagerly served him tea. He was the screenwriter of the moment, rarely seen in interviews, releasing only one script a year. Stellar Stage Entertainment had snapped up this year's script. Here he was in the flesh, suggesting a close rapport with Ms. Haywood.
The receptionists sneaked glances at Kenzo but quickly composed themselves when Brielle walked in.
Brielle's gaze swept the room, and after spotting Kenzo, she made her way over. "Kenzo."
She handed him the speech, apologizing as she did so.
The speech was commissioned by the school and needed personal touches. If not for this mess, she'd definitely have attended the centennial celebration at Beaconsfield College.
The issue at hand was just too pressing. There was no way she could go now.
"It's okay, the dean has other candidates. Are you dealing with some troubles?"
Brielle looked down and forced a smile. "Just a bit busy. I have to head back to Premier Palace now, so I can't stay. I'll treat you to dinner next time to make it up to you." 
II
"Brielle, you don't have to be so formal with me. Kenzo's voice was still gentle as he stood up. "Still, if it's possible, please stop by
Beaconsfield College on the day of the celebration. It's their centenary, after all. Many of your former teachers will be there." 
Brielle blinked wearily. "I'll try."
After Kenzo left, Brielle sat there, lost in thought, until her phone rang again. This time, Patrick asked her to visit the sanatorium. Frowning, Brielle knew Martha was awake and certainly didn't want to see her. So what was she needed for at the sanatorium?
Despite her confusion, she went. That was when she learned Martha had woken up, spoken to Max, and then asked to speak with Brielle herself. But just minutes before Brielle arrived, Martha had fallen back to sleep, delaying their talk.
"Ms. Martha has fallen asleep again. You'll have to wait," Patrick said with his usual courtesy, exhaling deeply "Mr. Max is resting. He barely slept
last night and had meetings all
morning. He's only just laid down." 
BUMS
Brielle nodded, intending to check on Max. Patrick didn't stop her.
She found Max's room spacious, akin to a presidential suite in a five-star hotel. Max was asleep in the main bedroom, his laptop still aglow on the coffee table. Brielle settled onto a sofa without disturbing him, waiting for him to wake.
Half an hour later, she heard him on the phone inside.
"Make sure he rots in prison with no chance for appeal. As for Kingston and his wife, their petty thefts alone are enough to get them convicted."
The words sent a chill through Brielle, and she stiffened.
###Chapter 757
Max's words faded into a muffled backdrop as Brielle's focus narrowed on the video file on the computer. It was the footage of James pushing Martha, clear as day.
With a click, Brielle watched the entire sequence, her eyes narrowing at the damning evidence. James had indeed pushed Martha, and his face, post-incident, was a mask of smug satisfaction.
Blinking away the sting of fatigue, she scrutinized Martha's hand movements in the video. However, the footage was too distant, too devoid of sound to capture such minute details. It was all but impossible to discern the truth from this angle. This video was tantamount to a conviction for James.
Footsteps echoed from the master bedroom, pulling Brielle from her thoughts. Max was up, probably roused by the noise she'd made. Without glancing at him, she remained transfixed by the screen until Max sat down beside her and softly closed the laptop. "Did you sleep well last night?" His tone was casual as he tenderly inspected the faint shadows under her eyes, evidence of her restless night. Thankfully, the bruise that had marred her cheek had vanished.
She tried to muster a smile for him, but it was a struggle she lost.
Deep down, she had started to believe James' side of the story. Martha had released the brake herself, framing him.
But what could Brielle do? Michael wanted the Fox family to pay the price, Max himself demanded retribution, and her lone knowledge of the truth seemed futile.
Was she really going to suggest to Max that Martha might have sought her own end?
Brielle closed her eyes and recalled the misunderstandings that had once clouded her relationship with Max. Perhaps, just maybe, he would trust her. Max had always been her greatest believer, though the hope seemed faint.
He seemed to sense her internal conflict. "Got something on your mind you want to tell me?" he asked, releasing her chin to pour her a cup of water.
Taking a deep breath, Brielle nodded. "Max, I visited James in jail. He claimed Ms. Martha released the brake herself. Could we perhaps..."
She couldn't finish her sentence, and the chilling shift in Max's demeanor stopped her cold.
That icy change was directed at her, a metaphorical dagger to her heart.
Max gently set down the jug, his voice calm but frosty. "Are you suggesting my mother sought her own death and that James is innocent?"
As he turned to face her, his gaze remained unsettlingly serene. "How long have you known James?" he asked pointedly.
Brielle found herself speechless. After all, she and James had truly known each other for just one day. Yet Max and Martha shared a mother-son bond that was unbreakable.
Max's fingers jdly traced the rim of
his cup. "White my mother was in the overseas clinic, enduring daily injections and sleepless nights from pain, she fought to live. She always urged the doctors to do everything they could, regardless of the side effects. She endured everything to stay alive." 
His implication was clear. Here was Brielle, swayed by someone she barely knew, suggesting that his mother had chosen death over life.
The silence that fell was stifling, an endless void indicating an irreparable rift.
A chill crept over Brielle, spreading from her heart to her limbs.
"My mother had her moments of despair, but she came around, actively cooperated with her treatment, and was determined to live. Why would she want to die now?" Max's tone was eerily detached, a match struck in a powder keg.
Brielle shivered, her tongue nearly too stiff to speak.
She made a mistake. She thought that by speaking the truth, misunderstandings would dissolve But Martha's situation was unique Max had spent years caring for Martha, studied the video all night, and witnessed the evidence
firsthand. He justn't see
James' innocence. 
Moreover, the reputation of the Fox family did them no favors.
It was a common presumption that someone like James, from a family known for petty crimes, could easily be guilty. Even Brielle had felt a tinge of annoyance when she first heard James wanted to join Stellar Stage Entertainment. 
Had she not met James in person, she'd never have guessed his intention to protect her.
He had asked for a large sum because he knew his worth, but he declined the offer out of pride. But for Brielle, his sister, he was willing to play the part of the loyal subordinate. His logic was stark in its simplicity.
###Chapter 758
Brielle felt like she was running out of air as if someone had a vice-like grip around her throat.
Max didn't seem angry with her. He was just stating a fact, but it still sent a shiver down her spine.
She even wanted to bolt, to find a quiet corner somewhere to catch her breath.
"Brielle, if you're feeling wiped, you should head back and hit the hay," Max suggested.
Before she could muster a response, he spoke up. The subtext was clear: they both needed a moment to cool their jets.
Brielle stood up, her body stiff as a board. She wanted to say a million things, but what would they be?
Could she convince Max of her innocence?
She put herself in Max's shoes and knew her words must have crossed a line for him.
Now, Max seemed set on taking down the Fox family, working overtime to find something, anything to prove she wasn't one of them - all to extricate her from this mess. Meanwhile, Brielle was busy making excuses for James. No wonder Max was steamed. Neither of them was at fault. It was always the same tragic tune - whenever they hit a snag, it turned out nobody was to blame.
Without another word, Brielle left the place. It felt like her feet were encased in lead, and it felt as if she was hauling a ton with every step.
Patrick was waiting for her outside, and seeing her out of sorts, he took the initiative to drive her back to the Premier Palace.
Her mind was a blank slate all the way home, not a single thought crossing it.
As she was about to step out of the car, Patrick briefed her. "Ms. Brielle, you should take it easy for the next few days. Mr. Max has been up all night waiting for news, and now, Ms. Martha was likely to become a vegetable. This hit him hard." Brielle didn't respond, only offering a slow nod.
Once back at the Premier Palace, she felt utterly drained, clueless about her next move.
Her phone was still flooded with Kingston's distress signals, which eventually stopped. Based on what she'd heard from Max, the police must have nabbed Kingston and his wife.
Collapsing onto the couch, Brielle felt utterly defeated.
Even if she had no ties to the Fox family, James was still paying the price for her actions.
With no way to clear James' name yet, was Brielle supposed to let him take the fall for good?
A wave of sorrow washed over her, her eyes brimming with tears. She was always the type to tackle things head-on and rarely leaned on others, so the last thing she wanted was to be a burden.
But now, someone with a heart of gold had suffered because of her, and it pained her deeply.
sher
To others, her pain might've seemed laughable. If she claimed James had a heart of gold, who would buy that? He was a guy who made a living collecting protection money What did he know about integrity? 
Brielle chuckled bitterly, half-wishing she had never set foot in that police station.
But if she hadn't and just passively accepted everything laid out for her, she wouldn't really be herself, would she?
Her lashes drooped as Wesley inquired. "Ms. Brielle, you seem down. How about I whip up some hearty soup for you tonight?"
"Thank you, Wesley, I don't feel like eating anything tonight."
Brielle was stubborn. After receiving the information about James, she had to dig into his background.
The tidbits from his cronies weren't enough. She needed to see the places where he collected his dues. So, she picked herself up and headed to the street where James did his rounds.
It was away from the glitzy Beaconsfield, in a melting pot of society, but the street was clean. Despite the crowded storefronts, it served as a bustling marketplace.
When Brielle asked about James, the shopkeepers were eager to share.
"James, yeah, he's a big guy, can be
pretty intimidating, but he's got a good heart, He's taken protection money from many of us but also looked out for us. This place used to be a magnet for troublemakers," one explained. 
"James is not like those thugs that used to hassle us. We resented him
at first when he demanded
vel
protection money, but over the years our businesses thrived
without vandals wrecking our
shops," another added.
"Yeah, running a small business is tough these days. Five hundred a month isn't cheap, but at least we can work in peace. The thugs are scared of him. They can't beat him," a third chimed in. Brielle absorbed their words, her heart sinking further. The more she uncovered, the more she realized that James had told her the truth.
But what now?
Max and Michael were clearly aligned, and Kingston might've even been behind bars. Could she just stand by and do nothing?
###Chapter 759
If Brielle did nothing, she'd probably spend her entire life draped in a shroud of guilt. However, taking action might just be the wrecking ball to her and Max's relationship, possibly leading to a breakup that neither could mend. It was a tug-of-war between heart and conscience, and she felt utterly drained by the emotional battle.
Back in her car, she took a deep breath, reached for a bottle of water to quench her thirst, and noticed a text from Patrick.
Kingston and his wife were behind bars, serving about a five-year sentence.
She harbored no sympathy for Kingston and his wife. Their shady dealings were no secret. However, the thought of James was like a thorn lodged in her throat.
She sat in her car, lost in thought, but couldn't come up with any solution. Defeated, she drove back to Premier Palace.
In the end, she felt too powerless to stand against the Dorsey family.
That night, her sleep was restless again, compounded by the centennial celebration of Beaconsfield College looming over her. She felt adrift and overwhelmed. She had always wanted to be someone capable and strong, but now, it seemed like misfortune befell anyone linked to her.
With hardly any rest for two nights straight, her eyes were bloodshot.
Max was still away, busy with Alivia at the nursing home. Martha seemed to exclusively want Alivia's company.
Why Martha had suddenly wanted to see Brielle the day before was anyone's guess.
Sitting alone in Premier Palace, Brielle was about to scrounge up some comfort food when a visitor arrived an unexpected one, Max's sister, Victoria. "Miss Brielle," she greeted, barely lifting her chin as a sign for Brielle to sit.
Once seated, Brielle saw a card slid in front of her. It was a scenario she had imagined countless times, but she never expected Victoria to be the one to play it out. "What's this about?" Brielle asked, her voice wavering.
"Brielle, Max is caught between a rock and a hard place because of you. It's clear enough that he's avoiding Premier Palace... avoiding you, even if he won't admit it." Victoria's words cut deep into Brielle's heart. It was a truth neither Max nor Brielle wanted to face.
"Max is just taking care of her mother. It's not that he doesn't want to come back," Brielle tried to defend.
"There's seventy million in that
account. It's my own money. I liked
you, Brielle truly did. But the troubles you've brought to Max's door are undeniable. And because of you, my mother is practically comatose. Don't you feel
a
shred of guilt? She's you friend's
mother, for heaven's sake."
Brielle hurt her boyfriend's mother and appeared unaffected. Either Brielle had nerves of steel, or she didn't care one iota about Max's feelings.
"I once supported your relationship
with Max, thinking it would bring him happiness. But look at the turmoil in the short span you've been together it's overshadowed his entire life. Can you truly bear to see him torn between family loyalty and ridicule? He was meant to be on a pedestal, shining bright, not dragged through the mud. 
"Living with guilt, feeling the weight of the crime every time you think of my mother-how long can you endure that? Let Max go, Brielle. Free him... and free yourself too."
Her tone was detached, pushing the
card closer to Brielle. "Max is
Ine
responsible, and he's probably made promise He won't back down easily It's all on you now. If you truly love him, let him remain the golden boy in everyone's eyes, will you?" 
Every word from Victoria pierced Brielle's heart, making her eardrums throb with pain. Was Victoria right? Was Max suffering so much that he couldn't even face coming home? Had she ever really brought him joy in their relationship or only this back-breaking position?
###Chapter 760
Victoria rose slowly from her seat, her words hanging heavy in the air.
"Let's be real here," she said, "Alivia was always Max's best bet. Without you in the picture, they would have tied the knot, and all of Beaconsfield would've been popping champagne in celebration. He wouldn't be stuck in this mess. Face it, your relationship has only brought him down." Brielle blinked back the dryness in her eyes, wanting to challenge this one-sided narrative. But recalling Max's demeanor from the night before, she found herself speechless.
Long after Victoria had left, Brielle remained dazed, staring blankly at the card on the coffee table, lost in thought.
The slump dragged on until dusk when her phone buzzed with a new message. [Hey, how's James doing? Right before the cops took Kingston away, he gave me your number. I didn't wanna bother you with a call, so I'm just texting to check in.] Reading the message brought James back to Brielle's mind. Kingston and his wife were locked up, facing five years. James, who was seen as Martha's assailant, would likely spend his life behind bars, enduring daily beatings.
The feeling of helplessness surged again, and for the first time, Brielle felt utterly restless. She didn't want anyone's life ruined on her account, nor did she want her relationship with Max to suffer.
She was never selfish. She couldn't bear to let others sacrifice for their love. Besides, she had sacrificed enough since the beginning.
With resolve, Brielle decided she had to get James out.
All evidence pointed to James as the culprit, a fact that seemed irreversible with surveillance and eyewitnesses against him. Legally, James had to pay the price.
She stood up, slid the card into her purse, and planned to return it at the first opportunity. Her mood was sour, and staying at Premier Palace only made her more agitated. The only person who could possibly help her now was Dustin. Brielle bit her lip, feeling guilty for always turning to Dustin for help. But who else would be willing to assist her?
The last time she had been to jail, Dustin visited her despite the Dorsey family's influence. It seemed Dustin had his own ways to make a visit possible.
Still, Brielle hesitated, since Dustin was currently tending to his grandmother.
As she was opening the door to the Premier Palace living room and about to leave, Wesley appeared.
Victoria had sent Wesley away during their conversation earlier.
"Ms. Brielle, aren't you dining here tonight?" he asked.
"Wesley, something's come up. I won't be staying for dinner."
Brielle drove off, her lack of focus nearly causing an accident with a car that darted out in front of her. Realizing she was in no state to drive, she pulled over, hoping the
chill wind would help clear her head.
Spring had arrived, but Beaconsfield remained cold. She rubbed her hands together and noticed a cozy glow emanating from a nearby alley.
Brielle had stopped by a nondescript alley, but as the door opened, she sensed something special within.
A respectful voice approached her. "Ms. Brielle, someone wishes to meet with you."
Sensing no threat from the person but rather a polite demeanor, Brielle walked down the alley and entered through the welcoming door.
Once inside, she found herself in a vintage courtyard lit by lanterns, where someone was feeding fish in a pond. Koi fish competed eagerly for the food.
Brielle watched for a moment,
feeling as though she had stepped
out of Beaconsfield and into another world, a haven amidst a place driven by material desires and skyscrapers. 
"Ms. Brielle, we meet again."
The man's face was hidden behind a mask as he set down an exquisite bowl and stood by the fireplace in the courtyard.
It was that enigmatic casino owner. Brielle hadn't expected to encounter him here.
"It seems you're in a bit of trouble," he said, his lips curving into a smile as he lounged comfortably on a plush sofa, legs crossed. It was as if he had anticipated her current predicament. en FindNovel
Brielle did not succumb to desperation and ask for his help. Instead, she cautiously stepped back.
The drive from Premier Palace had taken a significant amount of time, and she had been conveniently stopped by another vehicle, leading her right here.
In a world with so few coincidences, she realized she was playing into someone else's hands.
What was his endgame?
###Chapter 761
Those who'd been to the casinos in Beaconsfield knew the enigma that was the man behind the curtain. You could only get an audience with him with a win of ten billion in one night.
And yet, here she was, meeting him in this most unexpected place. Naturally, Brielle couldn't help but wonder if there was something about her that he wanted.
For the life of her, she couldn't figure out what that could be.
She had an average family background and was currently tangled in a mess. Why would this shadowy figure want to meet with her?
Perhaps her wariness was all too apparent as the man let out a soft chuckle, his gaze softening. "Come, have a seat."
"Is there something you need?" Brielle stood her ground, her expression composed, while she subtly scanned her surroundings.
The door she entered was now closed. She was in a tastefully decorated garden area with no escape in sight.
"Calm down. I just wanted to let you know that I might be able to help you."
Brielle frowned. She knew that nothing in life was free. She slowly approached and stood before him.
He exuded a laid-back vibe, but it was nothing like Dustin's. Dustin was the epitome of clean, pure nonchalance.
This man's ease seemed to ooze from a place of darkness.
"What would I have to give in return?" Unsure of his intentions, she played along, trying to keep the situation under control.
Noticing her cautious approach, the man pointed to the seat beside him. "Take a seat."
As Brielle took her seat, her mind raced with thoughts of her current predicament.
In the next moment, his head leaned close, his breath tickling her ear. "All you have to do is kiss me."
Brielle felt as if a venomous snake was hissing beside her ear, her hair standing on end. Instinctively, she wanted to recoil. But showing too much fear would be a loss. It would mean she'd be at his mercy from here on out. What a psycho.
Her expression darkened, and after a moment, she stood up, her gaze sharp and piercing.
The man had already reclined back, appearing unbothered by his own offensive suggestion.
A woman emerged from the side, kneeling obediently at his feet, massaging his legs.
Brielle frowned, disgusted by the salacious scene. "I'll give it some thought."
Her tone was indifferent as she eyed the door She'd entered through. "May leave now?" Her
'consideration' was simply a means to make a swift exit. 
"Please."
The man's face curled into a smile, his lips beneath the mask forming a taunting curve as he appraised her.
Brielle felt like prey in a hunter's game, a sense of discomfort washing over her. As the door opened, she all but dashed outside.
Just as she was leaving, she heard him say, "You'll come back to me."
Brielle's stride faltered, a wave of anger spreading through her, but she said nothing, silently returning to her car.
When she noticed the vibrant roses in the car, her mood soured further. She grabbed the bouquet and
tossed it into a nearby tra ther
can.
She sensed danger in that place, and from that man, prompting her to drive straight back to her residence at Pearl Estate.
After a shower, she still felt the chilling presence of that man clinging to her.
Exhausted, Brielle sat quietly on
sofa. She wasn't vain enough to
think that the man desired her,
sparking his ludicrous rehenet
The only plausible explanation was that he knew Max, perhaps even as a rival, aiming to strike at Max through her. Feeling restless, she waited for her emotions to settle before pulling out her phone and finding Max's number. But what could she say?
Their last meeting had ended on a sour note, and he refused to believe her about James' innocence.
Brielle didn't blame him. If she were in Max's shoes, she wouldn't have believed it either.
###Chapter 762
She sighed and was about to chuck her phone aside when a new message buzzed in. [Wesley mentioned you skipped dinner tonight?]
Brielle's nose tingled as she read the message, a lump forming in her throat.
[Brielle, where are you?]
He was asking why she wasn't cozied up at Premier Palace. She was about to respond when Max sent another text. [Don't believe anything Victoria told you.] Clearly, Wesley had spilled the beans to Max about Victoria's visit to Premier Palace, prompting this message at such a critical moment.
Brielle tasted the bitterness in her mouth. [I'm just out for a walk, don't worry.]
After sending that, she felt at a loss for words, and Max didn't reply either. He was probably bogged down with his own affairs.
Max was indeed preoccupied. Martha had fainted again, with doctors monitoring her vitals continually.
If Martha didn't pull through in the ICU, she'd be more than just a vegetable. The doctors had the family brace for the worst.
Martha had woken several times, only ever seeing Alivia, and no one knew what was exchanged between them.
For this reason, Alivia had remained at the nursing home. Her mood was soaring, but she kept a facade of utmost despair.
She approached Max, who stoodsolemnly outside the ICU. "Max, you should eat something," she soothed gently. "You won't last if you keep this up."
Max's brow furrowed slightly before he glanced back at the ICU and finally turned toward the dining room.
The table was laden with his favorites. Alivia sat opposite him, careful to mask any hint of joy. "The chefs made all our favorites. Martha might be here for a while, so let's make sure we have the energy to take care of her." Max nodded, not cold or dismissive, since Alivia was always so devoted to Martha's care.
Alivia watched him dine with refined ease, the gleam from his cufflinks intoxicating her.
These moments of dining face-to-face with Max were rare, without the intrusion of others. Her heart swelled, a smile betraying her control.
Just a little longer, and her patience would pay off.
Annie and Martha were pawns in her game. They were playing their roles and driving a wedge between Max and Brielle.
Alivia was so close to Max now. If she stayed at the nursing home, wouldn't he grow fond of her over time?
She loved Max and was the only one who truly deserved him. All of Beaconsfield seemed to be on her side; what chance did Brielle have?
Max ate with elegance as Alivia watched. He never gave her a glance. The nursing home's dining room was meant for guests like them There was no need for special arrangements. It would seem petty. 
After dinner, Max thought of Brielle, who'd left Premier Palace without a bite. His concern creased his forehead.
He couldn't resist, pulling out his phone to call her.
Brielle didn't pick up. She was exhausted and asleep on the couch.
"Patrick." Max's voice summoned Patrick from the shadows. "Find out where Brielle is. Take her some dinner and grab some antacids."
Her stomach troubles flared up now and then. She should take care, regardless of her spirit.
Patrick bowed respectfully. "Right away, sir."
Alivia, seated across from Max, felt a е surge of rage at his explicit concern for Brielle. It was infuriating how he still cared about whether Brielle had eaten. 
wn
Her lips turned white from the pressure of her bite, the metallic taste of blood filling her mouth.
Jealousy reddened her eyes, and she had half a mind to overturn the table.
She had thought Max was indifferent to love, but she was wrong. His heart had been a blank canvas, reserved solely for Brielle.
е
To be loved by a man like Max was
to be the luckiest woman alive. He was fiercely loyal, to the point where nothing else mattered but Brielle. 
That infuriating, despicable wretch!
###Chapter 763
Alivia worried that if she stayed any longer, she would be physically sick, so she set down her spoon, her complexion ghostly pale, pretending to sip her soup.
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Max had finished eating. Suppressing the howl of frustration and anger that threatened to burst from within, she watched him with a feigned gentleness. "Max, I spoke with the doctor. He said if Martha can hold and just get through the next three days, she'll be out of danger."
By out of danger, she meant no risk to Martha's life. Becoming comatose was all but a certainty.
She broached the subject at this moment as a warning to Max - your thoughts may be with Brielle, but remember, it's Brielle who's driven your mother to the brink of a vegetative state. How can you remain indifferent? Sure enough, she saw Max's fingertips tremble slightly and his eyelashes cast downward.
His skin was too perfect, bathed in the glow of the setting sun. It was too easy to be overwhelmed by the urge to spend a lifetime by his side.
Alivia felt an irrepressible fondness wash over her, further solidifying her resolve that any sacrifice was justifiable for Max.
She was determined to marry into the Dorsey family. Everyone would have to make way for her love.
Hadn't she once masterminded Tessa's successful marriage to Andrew? Surely, what worked for Tessa could work for her as well.
It was just a matter of timing.
Max hadn't yet reached the point of complete disillusionment with Brielle. When he had accumulated enough disappointment, that would be Alivia's moment to strike.
Max said nothing, simply stood up, and headed toward the intensive care unit.
There, he encountered Michael.
Leaning on a cane, the once omnipotent patriarch of the Dorsey family looked unexpectedly alone, sitting in the hospital corridor.
Max had always believed that there was no love between his parents - after all, Michael had had more than one wife, but it was Martha who had outlived the others, the rest having died under mysterious circumstances. "Father," Max called out, sitting down beside him.
Michael gripped his cane, looking suddenly aged. "Max, I've spoken to the doctors. The best-case scenario for your mother is that she remains comatose. I've been thinking, you never should have brought her back to Beaconsfield."
A pang of guilt hit Max. His mother's condition had been even worse abroad, and it was out of necessity that she had been transferred home, but no one had anticipated the tragedy that would unfold here.
"Don't blame Martha. Everyone
knows Brielle isn't right for you."
Michael chose the path of emotional appeal, a softer but often more effective method than directo confrontation. 
en FindNovel
Max's brow furrowed, likely aware of his father's purpose for this visit.
Michael was here to see Martha, yes, but also to continue exerting pressure on him to end things with Brielle.
Max couldn't understand this. He
would ask for something his entire life, and it had always been handed to him. But why was it that the one thing he truly wanted on his own was met with universal opposition? 
Brielle wasn't the evil woman everyone made her out to be. On the contrary, she made him feel that the world was meaningful.
The landscapes they had seen together were more vibrant and more captivating than ever before. His world was no longer just dry numbers and text. It had taken on a warmth.
The one thing he wanted, fought for, and couldn't let go of was Brielle, but this tiny wish was unforgivable in the eyes of others.
Wasn't he the CEO of Dorsey International?
As a child, his mother had told him that once he reached this position and became a man above others, he could have anything he desired without opposition.
But Martha was deceiving him, it seemed. At his peak, wanting anything meant everyone would try to stop him.
"Father, I've already spoken to the police. James will spend his life behind bars."
Michael's grip on his cane tightened, a hint of irony flashing in his eyes, but he hid it well, his face maintaining the worn expression of a regular, aging father. This was a game of psychological warfare.
"But do you know, Brielle has met
with James alone and even been in contact with James' cronies? Haven't you considered that she can't bear to see the entire Fox family incarcerated, that she might do something about it?" 
A shadow passed through Max's gaze.
"There won't be such a day."
"And if there is? Max, do you really know Brielle?"
A chill emanated from Max, sharp as ice. In his presence, it seemed as though everything could be frostbitten.
"Brielle loves me. She wouldn't do that."
###Chapter 764
Michael's lips curled into a cold, mocking smirk as he heard the words he'd been waiting for. "Really? Then let's see if she likes you enough."
Leaning on his cane, he made his way slowly out of the corridor. His eyes were a stormy sea of dark thoughts, as if he could already foresee the grim fate awaiting this pair. The human heart is a curious beast, spinning webs of deceit without a single spider in sight. Bathed in sunlight, it could shroud itself in a darkness of its own making.
He figured Max's heart was already caught in this web, spiraling into the shadows. Just a little longer, and Brielle's true, hideous nature would come to light.
After Michael left, Max remained seated alone, his face a mask of bone-deep indifference and weariness.
The doctor emerged from the ICU, removing his mask upon seeing Max. "Her stats are stable for now, but I'm afraid Ms. Martha has lost all sensation in her limbs. I'm terribly sorry." Max rubbed his temples, a gesture of fatigue more than concern.
"You haven't rested in days. Now that her vitals are stable, why don't you take a break?" The doctor's gaze shifted to a point just beyond Max, a smile playing on his lips. "Ms. Alivia, please take Max to rest. You should also ensure you're getting enough sleep. Ms. Martha will want to see you as soon as she wakes up."
For reasons unknown, Martha seemed eager to see Alivia, more so than even her son, Max. This worked in Alivia's favor. The more Martha favored her, the less suspicion she would face when Martha passed.
Suppressing her glee, Alivia approached Max. "Let's get some rest, Max. If you're uncomfortable here, you could head back to Premier Palace."
The doctor chimed in, "If anything changes, we'll notify you immediately."
Alivia joined in, "Let's go, Max."
Max didn't refuse. His presence here served no purpose. He headed to his car, only to notice Alivia's vehicle was nowhere in sight.
"Max, can you give me a ride? I told my driver I wouldn't need him since I wasn't planning to go back home today."
With the request laid out, Max barely frowned before opening the car door for her.
Once Alivia was buckled in the passenger seat, Max felt a twinge of discomfort. Patrick was off delivering food to Brielle, and now he found himself playing chauffeur.
As Max pressed the accelerator, the car drifted away from the hospital.
Meanwhile...
Brielle was at Pearl Estate, about to whip up something to eat, when the doorbell rang. She opened it to find Patrick, arms laden with takeout containers.
He also produced a bottle of antacids. "Mr. Max insisted I get these for you. He wants you to remember to eat and take care of yourself, Ms. Brielle."
Brielle was at a loss for words. Max
was so good to her, but she knew her upcoming actions would disappoint him. The mere thought of his dejected face sent sharp pains through her heart. 
However, if she didn't save James, could she really stand by and watch an innocent man suffer for a crime he didn't commit?
After Patrick left, Brielle ate without
tasting a thing. She was about to clean up when her phone rang - it was Ricardo informing her that. Aubree had been injured, and he texted her the hospital location. 
swnovel
Panicked, Brielle didn't ask for details and rushed to the hospital.
There, she found Aubree, getting her hand bandaged, and Andrew, trembling like a leaf outside in the corridor, his clothes stained with blood- a testament to his being the first to rush to Aubree's aid. 
###Chapter 765
Brielle didn't plan to ask Andrew. She noticed that Aubree's wounds had already been tended to. "What happened?"
Looking slightly resigned, Aubree raised a hand to rub her forehead. "Just took a tumble while filming, scraped up a bit, that's all." Brielle asked the doctor to make sure the wounds weren't deep and breathed a sigh of relief. "You scared the crap out of me."
The last thing she wanted was more news about Aubree getting hurt.
She had driven there with her fingers trembling on the wheel. Thankfully, it was only a minor injury.
Aubree didn't say a word, but she understood why Brielle was acting this way. Both of them were haunted by the memories of that night - one pretending not to care, and the other pretending they could help each other move on. In truth, neither had moved on.
Brielle's legs were still shaky, and after taking a deep breath, she patted Aubree's shoulder. "Where's Ricardo? Have you two eaten dinner?"
"Ms. Haywood."
No sooner had she spoken than Ricardo's voice came from outside, his hands carrying a bag of medical supplies.
Brielle nodded. "Let's head back, Aubree, skip filming tonight. I know it's just a scratch, but don't push yourself."
Aubree agreed.
The three of them walked out, naturally bumping into Andrew.
He had been leaning against the wall and straightened up instantly upon seeing them. Anxious about a sharp retort from Aubree, he turned away, rasping, "I was just passing by."
His fingertips dangled by his side. When Aubree had fallen, he had rushed to cushion her fall, and his hand had been pierced by sharp glass. He just kept his injured palm against his trousers, the fabric soaking up the blood, leaving no trace on the ground. His face was tinged with pain, yet he seemed numb, pursing his lips and deliberately avoiding Aubree's gaze.
Aubree frowned, oblivious to his injury. "Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong next time." She didn't need Andrew's rescue, preferring to take the fall herself.
Andrew felt a pang in his chest. His breathing was erratic, but he still didn't dare look at her.
Afraid that the disgust in her eyes would pierce through him, he chose to flee.
"Yeah." He murmured, his eyes reddening with unshed tears.
Aubree didn't notice his distress. She followed Brielle and Ricardo into the elevator.
Ricardo, however, cast a lingering glance at Andrew. He chose to silent.
Brielle had wanted Aubree to stay with her at Pearl Estate that night. Aubree's house was sold, and she was temporarily staying with the crew. However, Aubree insisted on returning to the set, mentioning Ricardo had scenes to shoot that evening. Unable to persuade Aubree otherwise, Brielle drove them back to the set.
When Brielle returned to Pearl Estate, it was eleven at night.
She heard Max's voice from inside as she was about to insert the key into the lock. "Is he okay?"
"Let's keep this from Brielle for now."
Max was fuming and not quietly.
Brielle stood still, but Max seemed to hear her and quickly approached, pulling the door open with a sudden tender tone. "What took you so long?"
Brielle bit her lip, too exhausted to think, almost ready to collapse on the spot.
Her mind was replaying his earlier words. Who was being saved? And why couldn't she know?
She tried to look up at Max, who, for the first time, seemed evasive. "Brielle, go take a shower."
Her mind felt numb as she mechanically moved towards the bathtub, unaware of how she even got there.
Max wiped her down and helped her dress.
Brielle was dazed, wondering why he wasn't at the sanatorium-why was he back tonight?
As she lay in Max's arms that night, for the first time, her sleep was restless. She tossed and turned and barely managed to drift off, only to dream of the orphanage fire
en FindNovel
She remembered the orphanage had caught fire, destroying many records. She couldn't recall the specifics of that day, but tonight, some details came back to her.
Before the fire, she and another little girl were inside, sorting files because Mark had a bad back and struggled with the task daily. So, she and the other girl had volunteered 
Sweat beaded on Brielle's forehead. Even in her dream, she was unsettled.
It was hot, scorching.
The little girl had been trapped under a beam trying to save her.
"Go, or we'll both burn. We're unwanted kids, but you can knit gloves. You're better than me.
"I overheard them talking... I went back home secretly. Apparently, my last name is Fox.
"If I die, no one would grieve, but if you die, who would make scarves and gloves?"
In the dream, Brielle tried hard to recall more details, but all she could remember was a snippet from the hospital.
"The other girl's gone. This one's
alive, with no injuries. She's just shocked and babbling. The body triggers its own defense
Vol
mechanisms. If she wakes up not remembering, don't talk about the dead girl in front of her." 
###Chapter 766
It was a dream, so Brielle could only watch herself in a daze as she followed back to the orphanage.
Some records were burned, and she and Mark began to reorganize them. Sure enough, she forgot what had happened there.
Brielle didn't know why she had this dream. Startled awake, she rushed to the bathroom, her stomach churning, feeling the urge to vomit.
The sealed memories started to become clear: the records room, the fire, the girl her age who had pushed her out of harm's way and had perished. The girl said her last name was Fox, and she had a brother named James.
"Cough, cough, cough."
The fragments of memory sent Brielle into a fit of coughing.
Hunched over the sink, she retched. Her mind was filled with the image of charred bodies, the smell of the blaze still detectable in her nostrils.
After throwing up, she washed her face and looked into the mirror to see her eyes grow eerily calm.
The incident was indeed too shocking for a child. She had promised to teach that little girl how to knit gloves the following winter.
Who could have anticipated that that girlwould remain eight years old forever and never grow up?
"Brielle?" Max stood at the bathroom door, noting her pale complexion. He reached out to check her forehead. "You got a fever?"
Brielle shook her head, clutching her stomach. "Just remembered some things. My stomach hurts."
If the girl who died in the fire was the daughter of the Fox family, then who was Brielle?
Why were the paternity tests wrong each time?
Brielle wasn't foolish. One mistake could be an accident, but two? Two paternity tests linking her to the Fox family certainly implied foul play. Who was behind it?
Darkness filled her eyes as she quietly grabbed a toothbrush to start brushing her teeth.
It couldn't be the Rowlands. They had fallen from grace.
The Clements? Andrew was too frazzled by Aubree's situation to focus on her.
The Barnes family? The Barnes had motive, and so did the Dorseys.
Especially Michael, whose disdain for her ran deep. He wished her to acknowledge her connection to the Fox family and leave of her own accord. Or perhaps there was someone else out of these families who wanted to target her?
But why?
Or was her true identity a secret so dark it couldn't be revealed?
It seemed she would have to consult with Mark about the fire.
And the secret of her birth? That was something Max could investigate. After all, wasn't he trying to clear her name from the Fox connection?
Regardless, Brielle couldn't just abandon James. Otherwise, the girl who died all those years ago would surely never rest in peace.
After she finished washing up, she saw Max adjusting his suit. She was about to speak when his phone rang.
It was from the sanatorium. Martha requested to see Brielle.
Max felt a surge of irritation.
Brielle was always sensitive to Max's moods, and she knew something had been off with him since the call the day before. It was as if he was trying to cover something up 
She looked down, exhausted from the dream. "I'll go to the sanatorium. Maybe she has something important to say."
Max sighed, taking her hand. "Are you sure you want to go?"
"Yeah."
"Brielle, you're exhausted."
But truthfully, Max was just as tired. Neither had rested properly in a long time.
"I want to go."
Martha had asked for her before, and there was something she wanted to say.
With no other choice, Max drove Brielle to the sanatorium.
On their way, Brielle noticed that Patrick wasn't driving. Max was behind the wheel. Although he seemed calm, his brow was furrowed with deep concern. Brielle's unease grew stronger by the minute. Upon arriving at the sanatorium and donning protective gear, she entered Martha's intensive care unit.
Max stayed outside, massaging his temples. He took the opportunity to continue a call with Patrick.
As soon as Brielle entered, she was met with Martha's disdainful yet triumphant gaze.
Struggling, Martha looked at Brielle with a sense of victory. Only her head could move, and although she was in a pitiful state, she held her neck high as if she were the victor.
"Brielle, haven't you heard the news yet?" 
Brielle's heart skipped a beat as she watched her quietly.
Martha smirked, her voice dripping with schadenfreude, "Mark suffered a sudden heart attack on the way back to Beaconsfield and died. Didn't Max tell you?" Brielle felt a chill run through her. Suddenly, it was as if all other sounds were muted.
clear
your
"It seems Max didn't want to tell you. He probably wants to prove you had nothing to do with my injury and name from the Fox scandal Mark wouldn't have come back to Beaconsfield if it weren't for this, right? Now you don't have any family left. And that fall I took? It was no accident." 
Martha's voice was faint, like a whisper from the devil itself.
###Chapter 767
As she finished her tirade, Martha began to snicker with smug satisfaction.
Standing by the bedside, Brielle felt a chill spreading through her entire body, like a withered flower shaking ever so slightly in a cold wind.
"Brielle, I've told you time and again that you're no match for Max, but you wouldn't listen. You had to get yourself all banged up before you'd walk away. Tsk, tsk, I almost feel sorry for you. Heard that you sent Mark away just to be with Max, and now, the poor man has come back to town at his old age, only to kick the bucket from a heart attack-without a soul by his side."
Every venomous word Martha spat out pierced Brielle's heart. Her hand, hanging limply at her side, slowly clenched into a rigid fist as she listened to Martha spill her bile.
"Mark must have been cursed to have bumped into you-a real black cat! First, he got divorced, then died in such a miserable way! Serves him right!" "Shut your mouth!"
Brielle had never seen such an ugly face before. Martha had everything, so why was she so hell-bent on stripping away the little Brielle had left?
"Oh, getting antsy, are we? Too bad, James will suffer in prison for the rest of his life because of me. And Brielle, this will be your life now. As long as you're with Max, these kinds of troubles will keep coming. Enjoy your misery, you tramp."
Brielle's fingertips trembled as she watched Martha dislodge her oxygen tube with her chin and start to gasp for air. Even at this moment, she was using her life to threaten Brielle.
Brielle remained frozen, her mind screaming at her to save Martha.
However, the thought of saving someone so bent on death, someone who would drag her down too, was revolting. Her stomach churned, and her legs felt nailed to the floor. "Help, Brielle is trying to kill me!"
Martha's voice was hoarse with anger yet oddly triumphant.
The doctors burst in to the scene of Martha convulsing with the oxygen tube unplugged, while Brielle hadn't moved an inch.
The door was ajar, and Max stood just behind the frantic medical team, watching as they desperately tried to save Martha's life.
Martha continued to cry out that Brielle was trying to murder her.
Brielle blinked away the sting in her eyes, feeling Max's presence behind her.
Max had come up behind her, but neither of them spoke.
Their silence was endless, a void of irreparable division and lingering pain built up from constant helplessness, like lava solidified after a volcanic eruption, never to disappear. Brielle felt utterly drained.
Before,
thought Brielle's
James was out to harm Now, they believed Brielle intended to harm her.
belongs to en.kikistori 2x
Once the video of James pushing Martha circulated around the social circles of Beaconsfield, everyone would think Brielle had stood by idly. With today's incident, they'd believe she wanted to get rid of Martha to be with Max. 
And if Max continued to stand by her, he would be seen as heartless, committing the gravest of sins.
Max would be branded a sinner struggling in hell.
"Brielle," Max whispered, reaching out to gently and cautiously touch her fingertips.
Brielle jerked her hand back and stormed out, only to trip over a potted plant in the hallway and crash to the ground. "Thud!"
Her knees, ankles, and palms ached as tears streamed down her face in humiliation.
Martha's wails could still be heard from the room.
"Brielle is trying to kill me, arrest her!"
"She wants to kill me over a few words, Max."
"Max, can you tolerate such a woman by your side?"
Then, the doctors' panicked shouts filled the air.
"Ms. Martha!"
"Hurry, get the emergency team! Ms. Martha, hold on!"
Max stood in the doorway, torn between the dying Martha and Brielle, crumpled on the floor.
His instincts drove him to help
Brielle first, but he watched as shee
stubbornly got up and limped
toward the elevator at the end of the hallway. 
She never looked back.
Not even once.
Max's half-step forward faltered, and he felt an overwhelming pain.
Loving someone what kind of cruel torture was it?
###Chapter 768
Brielle stepped into the elevator. She couldn't feel any physical pain, only a sharp, unbearable agony radiating from her heart.
She even considered bending over to ease the pain clutching at her chest, but no matter what she did, she felt utterly powerless.
Her mind was a mess, and her legs felt as if they were filled with lead, each step a monumental effort.
She walked out numbly, and it wasn't until she reached the lobby that she pulled out her smartphone to call Patrick.
Patrick was in the midst of reaching out to Mark's relatives when he saw Brielle's incoming call. He hesitated to answer, knowing Max had said to keep this matter from Ms. Brielle for the time being.
Mark's ex-wife, the one who had left him a long time ago, was unreachable. No one knew where she had gone. So, Mark's body had been cremated in the meantime, but now there was no one to claim the ashes, leaving them temporarily stored at the hospital. When Patrick didn't answer, Brielle sent him a text message instead. [Mark has no other relatives. I'll take care of his funeral arrangements.]
Patrick's heart skipped a beat. Did Ms. Brielle find out?
He quickly called Max.
Max stood silently in the nursing home hallway upon hearing the news. After a long pause, his voice hoarse, he said, "Let her do it."
Reluctantly, Patrick sent Brielle the address of where Mark's ashes were being kept.
Brielle contacted the staff at West Hill Cemetery, intending to purchase a gravesite there.
When she mentioned it was for Mark, they informed her, "Mark's plot has been purchased long ago. He bought it himself over a decade ago. Additionally, he bought a small plot for a child from the orphanage who perished in a fire. He wanted his resting place to be next to the little one's, perhaps to continue looking after the child in the afterlife."
Hearing this, Brielle felt a sting in her nose. She wanted to say something, but it was as if her voice had been stripped away.
She made arrangements with the cemetery for the burial the next day.
Mark had no close family, and Brielle
hadn't notified anyone. She spent the night near the place where Mark's ashes were stored and took the urn to West Hill Cemetery the next day. 
As the urn was buried, Brielle stood numbly by until her gaze landed on the small smiling face on the nearby headstone. It was like a sharp bayonet thrust into her heart 
She couldn't bear to look at that smile because she was the reason the Fox family had all been sent to prison. The Fox family's daughter had died in a fire trying to save her. 
It was all Brielle's fault. If she allowed James to continue suffering in prison, she would probably start having nightmares from tonight on.
Maybe Martha was right. Everyone who crossed Brielle's path was cursed.
The grave was ready, and the staff had left.
Brielle stood alone in the midst of a spring where everything was supposed to be coming to life, yet her heart felt as barren as winter, riddled with a thousand wounds. Who could she blame for Mark's death?
Max, the Dorsey family, or even Martha?
She tried to smile, but it felt like pulling on countless invisible wounds, and tears followed.
The previous night's spring rain had persisted into a drizzle. She didn't have an umbrella, and her clothes were soaked through.
She bowed deeply to Mark's headstone, then moved to the small neighboring grave, kneeling to clear away the weeds carefully.
When she was done, her palms were raw and bloody from the sharp stones, but she felt no pain, only an endless chill corroding her heart. Was there any point in continuing her relationship with Max? Perhaps he would be the next to be ruined because of her.
She was truly exhausted. This was her first love, yet it felt overwhelmingly weary.
The mistake was hers, an orphan with no parents, foolishly yearning for warmth, reaching for the stars. She had been too greedy.
###Chapter 769
What was her life, really, if not a long nightmare that kept offering brief moments of light before snatching them away?
In this dream, she believed happiness was within reach. She kept lifting her head above the water, thinking that with enough effort and if she just refused to give up, she could make a change. But as beautiful as it was cruel, hope granted her the belief in endless possibilities while also subjecting her to that unbearable cycle of raised and dashed expectations.
Brielle felt nothing but a numbing sensation, more terrifying than despair, more harrowing than pain.
Everyone said she wasn't good enough for Max, so she silently strategized, thinking it would bridge the distance between them.
Now, for the first time, she realized how cruel time and distance could be, how arduous the path to success was.
Her heart felt as though it had been hammered, contracting violently, throbbing with pain.
She wiped the blood from her palm, unable to cry.
By the time she returned to the base of the mountain, her hair was soaked through by the rain, and she wished someone would tell her if she still had family or if her parents were gone.
If they were gone, could someone point her to their gravestones? Feeling so hurt, she longed to weep before their final resting place.
Clutching the steering wheel, Brielle's lips pressed into a tight line.
She first drove to Pearl Estate to wash her hair and change her clothes. But when it came time to leave, her footsteps felt heavy. After getting drenched, her body was feverish and devoid of strength. What she didn't know was that, when she stood in front of the gravestone, out in the rain, Max had been watching from a distance, racked with guilt and too scared to even offer her an umbrella. Now that Brielle was gone and the cemetery was empty, he climbed the overgrown steps.
Max had never thought of himself as selfish. As a businessman, he always put others' interests first.
Now, standing in front of Mark's gravestone, he felt unable to lift his head.
What was there to say?
Pain stabbed through his heart as he placed the flowers he brought in front of the gravestone and bowed solemnly.
His eyes reddened with grief, like a
man capsizing in sorrow, and it took
a long while before he could
hoarsely say, "I'll take good vel ook
her. 
But could he ensure she wouldn't leave?
of
Patrick, holding an umbrella at another path at the base of the mountain, watched Brielle's car pass by.
After a moment of thought, he slowly walked up the steps.
The spring rain seemed endless.
He saw Max standing in front of the gravestone, murmuring something. Patrick quickly raised the umbrella over Max's head. "Sir, let's head back," he urged. 
Max's fingers stiffened, and he nodded, but on the slippery path down, he fell, his expensive suit trousers stained with mud. Patrick, startled, dropped the umbrella and rushed to help.
Max stood up, glanced at his mud-splattered shoes and trousers, and merely frowned despite his mild obsession with cleanliness. Patrick, in his haste, nearly fell as well.
There they were, the CEO of Dorsey International and his Chief Assistant, both experiencing such disarray for the first time.
Max didn't bother to clean off the mud but instead reclined in the car seat.
His phone rang - it was Michael, informing him that Brielle had gone to the Dorsey mansion.
Max's brows furrowed. "Patrick, to the Dorsey mansion," he commanded.
Patrick floored the accelerator, and in less than twenty minutes, they were at the mansion.
Max's trousers were still caked with mud as he strode towards Michael's study. But as he was about to open the door, he heard Brielle speaking. 
"I agree to break up with Max. Can you let James go?"
Her voice was steady, resolute.
Not a moment's hesitation to be heard.
###Chapter 770
Max's pupils constricted, his fingers halting mid-air.
Michael had already spotted the hand at the door, and a smirk curled at the corner of his mouth. "Figured it out? You finally decided to rescue James?"
Brielle cast her gaze down, forcibly swallowing the taste of copper in her mouth as anger swept through her, compelling her. In this moment, she had to compromise. She couldn't beat the Dorsey family, nor could she beat Michael.
"Yes, just like you said, Mr. Dorsey, me being with Max was just to get back at the Dorseys. Spencer held me back for a decade, and his mother only saw me as a stepping stone for Spencer to secure his place at Dorsey International. My fling with Max was a jab at the Dorsey's pride, but now I see clearly. So, please, Michael, show some mercy."
"Weren't you in love with Max before? You even humiliated yourself in the lounge, trying to wreck his wedding with Alivia."
Brielle's lashes fluttered, her emotional defenses nearly crumbling.
Max was her forbidden fruit, the one she had to stand on her toes to pluck, thinking she'd never let go. But who else could bear the burden of the Fox family's tragedy? Who else could carry Mark's fate?
He was defying the Dorseys to be with her, defying his mother's expectations to be with her. Max was so perfect it left her speechless.
But what could she do when someone had already sacrificed so much for her? She couldn't let the entire Fox family pay the price, could she?
The debt she owed the Foxes was already too vast. Even her life couldn't balance the scales.
"It's fake. I don't really know what love is. I just thought Max was out of my league, and if he chose me, everyone who looked down on me would be green with envy."
"I'll get the police to release James and his entire family, but are you sure you won't regret this? What if Max can't let go of you?"
Brielle looked up, meeting Michael's gaze with a bitter twist of her lips. "It was just a game. He wouldn't care that much."
Satisfaction flickered across Michael's face as he turned to the doorway. "Max, did you hear all that?"
Max didn't speak, his stare burning into Brielle's back as if to see right through her. Her words were like steel pins hammered into his brain, tugging at his nerves painfully. When Brielle wanted to charm someone, it was effortless. When she wanted to hurt someone, it was with a disarming ease.
He couldn't fathom how words could be both sweet as honey and sharp as a knife.
Max felt a sadness like never before.
Michael waved it off. "I promise you, I'll make the call to the station right now. You're free to go."
The moment Brielle sensed Max's presence, her back tensed, but now she began to relax, turning to walk past him.
"Brielle!"
Max's grasp was sudden on her wrist. Had she gone mad to let him go?
She must be lying. It must've all been a lie.
Brielle fought back tears as she looked up at Max. His eyes were a tumult of disbelief, sorrow, and loss. She had never seen such a storm of emotions in Max's eyes, as if only now he was truly flesh and blood. 
She had been cruel, pulling him down from his pedestal, and now she wished he could go back to being the untouchable Max, not someone tarnished because of her. 
IMS
She was already in too deep, pushing him away so he wouldn't fall any further.
Max's world was clear and bright, tender and dazzling. It was the brilliant galaxy in her heart she had always wanted to protect.
Brielle was filled with guilt, frustration, and self-loathing.
"Brielle, don't break up with me." Max always spoke plainly, his fingertips gripping her wrist tightly.
He stepped closer, his body lightly
vel
pressing against her back. His brows knotted in distress, the corners of his eyes reddening slightly. 
"Can't we be together in secret, please?"
###Chapter 771
Brielle felt as though her heart had crumbled, a void that could never be filled. She looked up, her gaze piercing straight into his eyes.
"I will never forgive you for Mark's passing. Not in this lifetime."
Max's pupils shrank, his heart stopped for a brief moment, and his grip weakened as if he had lost all his strength.
He choked back a silent sob. It was his own disgrace.
Brielle shook off his hand and stormed out with determined strides.
He had lost the courage to chase after her.
Death is irreversible. His selfishness had condemned Brielle to a life of pain.
Max's eyes reddened in an instant, and his lips pressed tightly together like the edge of a knife.
Back in her car, Brielle realized just how violently her hands were trembling. She wanted to slam the gas pedal, but her body felt as limp as overcooked spaghetti.
The more she struggled, the deeper she sank into the mire until she finally slumped over the steering wheel, her shoulders quaking silently.
An hour later, she finally grabbed the tissues from the passenger seat and wiped the moisture from her cheeks. Taking a deep breath, she mustered what little rationale she had left and drove to Pearl Estate. All the way there, she felt the tears wet her face, only to dry again.
She was despicable and vile, dragging Max down only to discard him without a second thought.
She used him to fill all her voids and desires, and now, she chose to let him go without hesitation.
She sat on the couch like a zombie, motionless until the evening, until the doorbell rang.
Standing up felt like a merry-go-round had taken up residence in her head. After splashing water on her face, she opened the door to find Aubree holding beers and late-night snacks.
Aubree had just wrapped up a shoot and had come over to have a drink with Brielle. With her next scene not until three days later, she could afford to let loose for the night.
As soon as the door swung open, she saw Brielle's unnaturally red eyes.
"Come in," Brielle's voice was hoarse and barely recognizable.
Aubree stepped inside, placed the barbecue bites on the coffee table, and popped the caps off the beer bottles.
Brielle didn't touch the food or drink and just leaned against the couch.
Aubree didn't ask any questions. She just laid everything out and turned on the V. "Hey, what do you think of this actress?" she asked, pointing to a celebrity who was the current talk of the town. en FindNovel
"She's alright."
"She's all glam and glitz. How do you think I'd fare with that look?"
Brielle managed a wry smile, "You'd knock 'em dead."
Aubree took a satisfied swig of her beer.
"Right? That's why you gotta have a plan in life. Men are just the icing on the cake. They do not come through when you really need them." Brielle slowly sat up straighter, taking the cold beer can Aubree handed her. She didn't drink, just held it.
Aubree hugged her knees, rocking her beer bottle back and forth.
Brielle whispered, "I'm the one who did him wrong."
"In love, there's no room for wrongs. Isn't it all about willing hearts? If said Andrew hurt me, how could that be? If there's no love, there's no love.
I was the delusional one, and it's my own fault." 
When it was all over, you couldn't keep counting who gave more or wronged whom. That would be as cheap as bargaining goods sold by the pound at a market. Besides, the very nature of love is mutual indebtedness. Falling for someone should erase countless possibilities for yourself, a sort of deprivation.
Once you woke up to reality, you would see it was not that big of a deal.
If you thought everything before was meaningless just because love was gone, well, the world needs some meaningless things. If everything had to be significant, we'd suffocate. 
"Bri, just hang in there."
Hang on until spring blooms.
Hang on until the world is awash with light.
###Chapter 772
The Fox clan was released the very next day. Brielle didn't go to pick them up in person. She simply had the officers relay the message about their daughter.
Kingston, who had been cautiously messaging Brielle with such care before, didn't dare to mess around anymore now that his family was back together. He returned home with his wife and son, their tails between their legs, not attempting any further contact with Brielle. James seemed to have some conscience left. The first thing he did after getting out was to reach out to a media outlet, earnestly clarifying that Brielle was the daughter of the Fox family. The story blazed across the internet for a morning but didn't really stir up much of a storm.
However, within the social circles of Beaconsfield, the hottest gossip was that Brielle and Max had broken up.
Some clapped their hands with glee as if Brielle had finally gotten her comeuppance.
The high society ladies couldn't wait to set off fireworks in celebration. They had always said that once Max got bored, he'd kick her to the curb. After all, wasn't Brielle just an orphan with no parents? Keeping her around was just for a bit of excitement, nothing more. "Serves her right! Once a tramp, always a tramp. She's destined to wallow in the mire."
"Poor thing was tossed aside and had no choice but to swallow her pride."
"Ha, being by Max's side for so long was her biggest stroke of luck. Max, the unattainable rose, remains just that."
Max didn't see any of these comments. He had spent the whole night on the sofa at Premier Palace, and everyone there knew better than to approach him.
As dawn broke, he stood up, grabbed his laptop nearby, and looked like he was heading to work.
Patrick hurried over to him. "Sir, your pants..."
Max's eyes narrowed, and only then did he glance down at his suit pants, still dirty with yesterday's cemetery mud, his shoes caked with it.
"Maybe you should take the day off."
Patrick had seen the rumors about the boss and Ms. Brielle breaking up.
"No need."
Max showered, changed into a fresh outfit, and then headed down to Dorsey International. Patrick followed, though he didn't dare speak along the way.
Max seemed the same as ever, but Patrick felt that he was even colder, more silent than before.
When they arrived at the top floor of Dorsey International, Max glanced at the quarter's project list, his brow slightly furrowed, though it was unclear what he was thinking. Patrick refrained from reminding him that he was holding the project list upside down.
When Annie walked in, she could feel the oppressive atmosphere. She looked at Patrick, who simply motioned for her to leave. Then he left as well, and Annie touched his shoulder. 
en FindNovel
"What's going on? Max seems off today."
"He and Ms. Brielle split up."
Shock flitted through Annie's eyes. She hadn't played all her cards yet, and these two had already split.
"Didn't he really like Ms. Brielle?"
"It was Ms. Brielle who wanted the breakup."
Annie's eyes narrowed, a cold sneer hidden deep within. So, now that Brielle was alone and vulnerable, maybe it was time to go after her face.
Annie had always been irked by
Brielle's face, which was eerily
similar to her own, stirring discomfort within her. She truly
desired to torment Brielle until she
was unrecognizable.
Only then would the sight of that face stop bothering Annie. Annie had been hiding out in Dorsey International for so long, which was a constant irritation.
A slight smirk played on Annie's lips, her eyes filled with mischief.
She thought it was time to have someone mar Brielle's face, to slice it off with a knife. Then Brielle would be a faceless monster.
The mere thought excited Annie, sparks dancing in her eyes.
But to Patrick, she appeared silent.
Back in the office.
Max blinked, finally letting the words on the paper sink into his mind. He turned the project list right side up and noticed there were no entertainment-related projects listed.
Dorsey International's initial
acquisition of Stellar Stage
Entertainment had been impulsive,
with no real intention to dive into the
entertainment industry.
Consequently, the details of the
Stellar Stage Entertainment project
had never really made it to his desk. 
Max pursed his lips, lowered his lashes, and rubbed his temples.
Meanwhile, the sanatorium called with a grim update. Martha was critical.
"Max, I'm sorry. Ms. Martha was in the ICU, and after her episode with Ms. Brielle, she is now barely holding on. Please prepare for the worst. It could be a matter of days."
Max listened to the doctor's words, feeling as if he couldn't utter a single syllable. After a long pause, he replied with a raspy voice, "Okay."
###Chapter 773
The news that Martha was on her deathbed cast a shadow over the Dorsey household. Gloom filled the air as family members flocked to the hospice where she lay fading.
Michael tasked Max with the solemn job of selecting a headstone for Martha. It was his way of driving the point home: Your mother is dying because of Brielle. Brielle has left you, and it's time to let go of her. The failed romance had cost Martha her life. Did Michael ever love Martha? Impossible to imagine. Love was a foreign concept to the Dorsey men. He had chosen her for her youth, her compliance, and for giving him a son like Max.
Max had been a quiet child, a source of frustration and even disdain for Michael, who feared his son might be simple-minded or mute. But Martha, through some miracle or method, had awakened a remarkable talent in the boy. All those pricey sessions with child psychologists and psychiatrists hadn't been for nothing.
Michael was interested in results, not the pain Max might suffer along the way. All they needed was a worthy heir.
So, with Martha's imminent demise, Michael's presence was less about concern and more about keeping up appearances.
Among the gathering Dorseys, Alivia stood out, her eyes swollen with tears that held a glint of joy.
The doctor emerged from the ICU, removing his mask. "Ms. Martha wishes to see Ms. Alivia one last time."
Surprised, Alivia had thought Martha's final moments would be reserved for Max, especially given the lengths she had gone to control his life. With everyone around, Alivia's tears managed to spill as she entered the room alone.
Martha was a shadow of herself, ravaged by illicit medication and a burdening secret.
Once the door shut, Alivia's hidden smirk emerged. Martha was a dead woman anyway. There was no need for pleasantries now.
"Martha," she called out.
Martha's weary eyes opened, having endured agony since leaving the emergency room. But for Alivia's happiness, she'd sacrifice anything. "Alivia," she whispered, beckoning her closer with a weak hand.
Alivia impatiently leaned in. Last words were such an inconvenience. "What is it, Martha?"
"You must be happy with Max. He will protect you," Martha managed to say.
Alivia's eyes danced with unspoken laughter, "Of course, Martha. After all you've done, I will be."
Contentment flickered across Martha's face as she tried to caress Alivia's head, her limbs too weak to complete the gesture.
Alivia was growing restless. Stooping beside a dying woman felt unlucky.
"Alivia, you are actually my daughter," Martha confessed.
Alivia's world spun, and her heart hammered. Had she misheard?
Martha's life was slipping away, her final words spilling out without consciousness. "Marry Max. He will keep you safe. He is..." Martha's words trailed off as her eyes closed for the last time.
Shock filled Alivia's eyes, and her heart began to race.
What did this mean?
Martha claimed to be her mother, and that everything she had done was for her daughter's happiness. If Max was not a part of the Dorsey. family, then how could Martha ensure that he would protect Alivia for a lifetime? 
Perhaps Martha knew who Max truly was.
Alivia's thoughts were in chaos, her lips tightly pressed as she stared at the person before her who had just passed away. She slowly straightened her back, and her hand hanging at her side clenched slightly. 
tont
It was all so confusing. If Martha really was her mother, then Alivia could understand why this woman had been so kind to her. In the Dorsey family, daughters were mostly considered useless, unable to help Martha secure her position or outlive Michael's other wife. So after giving birth to a daughter, she sent her to her best friend, who became Alivia's mother.
As for Max, no one knew how Martha had managed to orchestrate the switch, but it seemed that Martha had put in a lot of effort.
Hiding the turmoil in her eyes, Alivia rubbed them to make it look like she was crying, and then she reached out to open the door of the intensive care unit. "Martha has passed away."
###Chapter 774
The Dorsey family stood in silence at the doorstep, the air heavy with unspoken words, until Michael finally let out a weary sigh. "Alivia, did Martha say anything before she left us?" Alivia glanced at Max, who stood apart from the rest, his expression unreadable-lost in his own world.
He looked so alone.
"Martha wanted me to marry Max. It was her last wish, but I know he's reluctant, so..." She trailed off, her voice fading into the stillness.
Michael turned to face his son. "Max, what do you think?"
Max's fingers tensed, the coolness seeping into his very bones as if the chill in his heart had spread to every limb.
With downcast eyes, he rasped, "Let's talk about it later."
Michael scoffed. "What, can't even fulfill your mother's dying wish?"
Max looked up, his eyes devoid of emotion, like a frozen wasteland devoid of life. "Father, Mom has just passed. I don't want to think about this right now." "Martha's funeral arrangements are your responsibility."
"I know."
Max remained standing, wordless, while Michael conversed briefly with the doctor about the arrangements for Martha's body before departing.
The other members of the Dorsey family wore complex expressions, some with schemes in their eyes, merely exchanging knowing glances.
Victoria glared at Max, her teeth clenched. "That bitch! If I run into her again, I won't let her off so easily! She'd better leave Beaconsfield, or she'll pay the price!" Victoria's face was twisted with spite, her nails digging into her palms.
Alivia understood why Martha had chosen to spirit her away. If the second child was another daughter, Martha's position would have been in jeopardy. She smirked, her lips curling with smug satisfaction.
"So Martha's sacrifice now was only fitting," Alivia thought. After all, hadn't Martha chosen to sent her away?
Alivia felt no guilt, only a deep, affectionate gaze toward Max.
It was perfect. She alone knew this secret-well, her mother knew too, but she had cherished Alivia as her own for so many years.
Alivia's mother, Mrs. Barnes, had been Martha's accomplice, conspiring from the start to raise her.
Michael must have had the doctor examine Martha, a doctor who surely had been bribed to declare Martha was carrying a son.
At this moment, Alivia felt like the happiest person in the world. Her adoptive mother, Mrs. Barnes, bad provided for her as if she were her own flesh and blood. 
Her birth mother, Mrs. Dorsey, was willing to trade her life to fulfill her daughter's love.
Cherished by these two women, what couldn't Alivia achieve?
Martha was right; Max was destined to be hers.
She was the true heroine of this saga, and Brielle was nothing more than a minor jester.
Alivia managed to contain her laughter, instead listening to Victoria's curses about how vile and outrageous Brielle was.
Max, however, just frowned slightly and urged Victoria to leave.
Soon, only Max and Alivia remained.
Alivia stepped forward, gently
placing her hand on his shoulder et
"Max, don't worry about Martha's
last wish. I really do want to marry you, but I know you—" 
Her words were cut off by Max's blunt interjection. "Aren't you and Jaired giving it a try?"
Alivia's temper flared, and her face paled. She awkwardly withdrew her hand. "We did, but I realized I still prefer you. So, I made things clear with Jaired."
Max looked at her for a long time before finally saying, "Even if I'm not with Brielle, I won't give you a chance."
That single sentence shut down all of Alivia's passionate confessions. She stared at him in disbelief, her expression contorting with emotion barely held in check. "Max, don't you care about Martha at all? This was her dying wish. You and Briette are
over. Martha won't forgive you both." 
Max's lashes drooped, concealing a flicker of pain.
He didn't need Alivia's reminder. He knew all too well. Not only would his mother never forgive him, but neither would Brielle.
He was fated to be alone, and perhaps there was a bitter sort of peace.
###Chapter 775
Martha's funeral was scheduled for two days later.
Brielle was in a meeting at Stellar Stage Entertainment when she heard the news.
Spring had arrived, and with it, the plans for the new year at Stellar Stage Entertainment were being laid out. The pressing issue at hand was convincing a sought-after male star to take the lead role in their latest screenplay. However, when a pop-up notification about the Dorsey International matriarch's burial appeared on her phone, Brielle's eyelashes fluttered ever so slightly.
The senior execs at Stellar Stage Entertainment had long since acknowledged her leadership. Even the wavering ones could tell that the news had hit her hard. After all, the media had been abuzz with reports of Mr. Dorsey's mother's passing, and today was the day of her interment.
They half expected Brielle to wrap up the meeting and rush to Max's side. But instead, she simply choked back a sob, her lashes casting a shadow on her grief-stricken face.
Her heart felt as if it were in a vice, yet her expression remained stoic. "Let's continue," she managed to say.
The executive who had been reporting didn't dare delay and carried on with the upcoming project details.
Brielle's gaze lingered on her phone screen, fixated on a blurry media-captured image of Max's silhouette, leading a procession of black-clad mourners. The spring drizzle seemed to soak the entire scene, the sorrow almost spilling out from the screen.
Feeling her eyes heat up, she realized Max looked so forlorn. Despite being surrounded by many, she felt he was utterly alone. Lowering her lashes, she felt the tears in her eyes. When she looked up, all the senior executives were silently watching her.
Donny quickly offered her a tissue, his tone laced with concern. "Ms. Haywood, got something in your eye?"
Only then did Brielle notice her silent tears. She hastily accepted the tissue, her voice hoarse, "Yeah, thank you."
The execs breathed a sigh of relief, noticing her cracked lips and the unnatural flush on her cheeks.
"Ms. Haywood, if you're not feeling well, you should rest," one of them suggested.
Brielle was running a fever, but she couldn't rest for even a moment, determined to settle the affairs of her company.
She had been in meetings all night with Mason and now continued to push through Stellar Stage Entertainment's projects. She didn't feel tired, only increasingly alert.
"I'm fine, carry on," she insisted. She turned off her phone's screen, refusing to look at any more messages.
After the meeting, she returned to her office, only to be confronted by Tiffanie barging in, her face a mask of fury.
"Brielle, how could you dump Maxie?!" Tiffanie's shaking finger pointed at her.
Brielle focused on her paperwork and didn't bother to engage.
Infuriated, Tiffanie stormed over and swept the documents off the desk. "Do you have any idea how upset he is?! His mother just passed away and the Dorsey family is pressuring him to marry Alivia. How could you break up with him at a time like this?" 
Brielle remained silent, unsure of what to say. She started to pick up the scattered papers.
Tiffanie grabbed her by the collar. "Brielle, say something, damn it! Maxie was crying this morning. How could you do this?"
Pushed backward, Brielle collapsed onto the couch, a sharp pain shooting through her back.
Strangely, her heart felt no pain - perhaps it had grown numb from the constant battering.
Enraged and heartbroken, Tiffanie couldn't believe Brielle had the nerve to leave Max. She couldn't bring herself to hit Brielle again. Instead, she kicked the papers on the floor, sending them flying. 
Tiffanie stormed in with anger and left the same way, hurling one last insult before she left. "Don't expect me to help you ever again!"
With a loud bang, the door slammed
shut, and Brielle shivered, then
slowly began to pick up the papers, now stained with fresh, damp marks of tears. She tried to wipe them away with her sleeve, but it only seemed to spread the wetness. 
What was she to do? Reconcile with Max?
Michael would not hesitate to imprison the entire Fox family, continuing to use them as leverage against her.
Like she did with Mark, could she send them all away, risking another tragedy on the road?
She couldn't face another death in her life.
Brielle couldn't move past Mark's death, and Max couldn't possibly get over his mother's death.
Their love had been a burden from the start, and now the weight was too much for either to bear. The only choice left was to part ways and become strangers once more.
###Chapter 776
In the late afternoon glow, Aubree buzzed Brielle's phone, suggesting a casual jaunt to the mall.
Brielle felt the urge to decline, but Aubree was like a whirlwind, sweeping into Stellar Stage Entertainment and whisking her away without a moment's hesitation.
Amid the bustling crowds weaving through the shopping center, Brielle felt as if she had stepped into another era.
Ever the bold spirit, Aubree tugged her along, bee-lining straight for the women's fashion section.
"Guess what? My foster mom just rocked my world. She's giving me five percent of the Clements family fortune. That's billions, with a 'b'! I can literally live off this and never work another day. Bri, pick something out, it's on me. We're going top shelf, no skimping." Joy painted Aubree's face as she reached for a dress with a price tag that screamed luxury.
After draping it over Brielle, she nodded in approval. "Perfect fit. It's a done deal."
Brielle seldom wore dresses, preferring the practicality of pantsuits a testament to her years in the corporate trenches.
As she attempted to return the dress, insisting it wasn't necessary, a hand suddenly snatched it from her grasp.
She followed the hand to its owner and locked eyes with Alivia.
Radiating a stark contrast to Brielle's somber mood, Alivia was the picture of vitality, flanked by several high-profile ladies from Beaconsfield's social elite-all familiar faces to Brielle.
Alivia arched an eyebrow, a smirk unfolding across her lips. "Fancy seeing you here, Brielle. I thought you'd left Beaconsfield for good."
Now that Brielle and Max were history, Alivia no longer felt the need to mask her disdain.
In the eyes of these rich ladies, each worth a cool billion, Brielle was no more than refuse-an afterthought unworthy of their attention. The ladies behind Alivia giggled behind their hands.
"Heard about the split with Max, tsk tsk. Weren't you on top of the world not so long ago? How quickly things change."
"One shouldn't covet what they can't have."
"Brielle, you owe us an apology for your past slights. No one's got your back now. You're just a stray dog we can kick around as we please."
The ridicule drew a smirk from Brielle. Her eyebrow quirked in amusement. "What's with all the yapping?"
The debutantes' faces stiffened, their eyes darkening with malice.
One stepped forward, hand raised to strike Brielle's cheek, but Brielle was quicker, her slap resonating with a crisp "thwack!" "You hit me?!"
As the others readied to pounce, Brielle glanced at Aubree, who looked ready to explode with rage.
She chuckled, "Aubree, you're footing the bill today, right? Does that include their medical expenses?"
Aubree's initial shock gave way to wild elation. "Hell yeah! I'm rolling in dough! Let's do this! Time to take out the trash!"
No longer hesitating, Brielle grabbed
Alivia by the hair and delivered a solid kick to her abdomen. Aubree joined the fray, her hands a blur of motion. 
Trained in self-defense, Brielle was unmatched. Aubree's sparring sessions with Andrew made her no pushover, either.
The rich ladies were unaccustomed to such brawling, and faltered.
Alivia, in agony and disbelief, was convinced Brielle had lost her mind to attack her so brazenly!
Damn it all!
Any one of their fortunes could crush Brielle. Did she not fear their vengeance?
As the thought crossed Alivia's mind, Brielle's palm struck again. "Slap! Slap!"
Two more hits left Alivia's cheeks swollen, her eyes seething with rancor She couldn't scream back without getting embarrassed she was the youngest researched at the institute! 
But Brielle and Aubree, with nothing to lose, had no fear of disgrace and no concern for onlookers' opinions.
The high society misses howled under the assault.
Seizing the moment, Aubree
smacked Alivia with her crocodile
leather bag, delighting in the
payback. Seeing Alivia's horror-stricken face was pure catharsis! 
Brielle quickly pulled Aubree back. If Alivia's face were marred beyond repair, neither of them would walk away scot-free.
###Chapter 777
The girls were all in tears, clutching their faces as they looked at Brielle and Aubree.
With a raised eyebrow, Brielle snatched back the dress that had been taken from her, a sly smile curving her lips. "If you don't scram, I might have to get physical again." "Brielle! You'll pay for this!" wailed one in despair.
Their hair was a mess, truly a sight of disarray, and in their midst stood Alivia, seething with resentment, itching to claw Brielle's eyes out!
However, she was no match for Brielle. That bitch came with inexplicable brute strength.
Alivia ground her teeth in a fury but was restrained by another girl. "Alivia, let's just leave. These two lunatics don't care about our status, and we can't beat them." "Yeah, think of the scandal if the tabloids caught this."
Alivia's lips bled from biting. With a bitter glare at Brielle, she covered her face and stormed off.
Once in her car, she wanted to scream until her throat was raw.
Blood tinted her lips, her eyes were bloodshot, and her fists pounded the leather of the seat as she choked down the taste of iron.
Brielle had humiliated her time and again. She would have her revenge!
She dialed Annie on her smartphone. "I want you to make Brielle suffer! Make her wish she was dead!"
Annie's voice was laced with mirth. Alivia's patience had finally snapped. "Your wish is my command, but it'll cost you another fifty mil. No more bossing me around after this." "I don't care about the money as long as you take care of Brielle."
Annie chuckled, her innocence belying the disdain in her eyes. "Foolish Alivia, blinded by love," Annie thought.
Love was such a bothersome thing.
Perched on the windowsill, swinging her legs, Annie frowned in contemplation.
Murray tapped away at his laptop, occasionally glancing at her. "Bored, Miss?"
Annie flashed a toothy grin. "Murray, we've finally got a job. Let's go after Brielle." Surprise flickered in Murray's eyes. They had agreed not to touch Brielle, hadn't they?
"Brielle's got a friend, Aubree, right? She's working with that actor, Ricardo. Let's have him handle Aubree. He only said he wouldn't hurt Brielle and never mentioned Aubree. Ricardo deals with Aubree, I deal with Brielle, and then they'll both be history." 
Annie's eyes sparkled with excitement, eager for the hunt.
"Shall we proceed tonight, Miss?"
Annie hesitated, twirling a knife between her fingers, a wicked smile playing at her lips. "Murray, how long before you hack Aubree's phone?"
"Aubree's phone is a piece of cake, but Brielle's is a fortress, and she's got some tech skills. Accessing it remotely might take a while, but for Aubree, give me just a minute."
"Let's make it thrilling. Track their locations, use Aubree's number to bait Brielle into a trap, and then I'll have the pleasure of carving up that pretty face."
Murray's fingers flew over the keyboard, data blinking rapidly. "Done, Miss. Brielle and Aubree are now separated."
"Murray, got any of that drug left? Max's heartbroken over Brielle. It's the perfect time. When he's out drowning his sorrows, I'll slip him a hallucinogen. Just enough to make him see me as Brielle." 
Shock crossed Murray's face. He was speechless.
Annie nestled into his lap, tilting his chin up. "Remember, you said you'd be my loyal hound."
Murray's Adam's apple bobbed, his breath hot and heavy.
"Murray, a disobedient dog, is a useless dog. I don't keep the useless around."
Murray stiffened, his smile bitter. "I understand."
Annie sauntered off, bending over provocatively. "But tonight, you get your reward."
A slap followed by a sweet treat-Annie had mastered this art.
Her innocent face and voice, paired with such a provocative gesture, sent a jolt through Murray's nerves He was like a starved hound, ready to leap for any scrap Annie deigned to throw. And she was offering herself. 
He dropped to his knees in fervent devotion.
###Chapter 778
When Brielle and Aubree parted ways, dusk had already painted the sky in shades of fading gold.
Aubree had taken Brielle out to distract her mind, resulting in a haul of outfits and a trove of gleaming trinkets and baubles.
Aubree had always indulged her, so when Brielle returned to Pearl Estate, laden with bags from Hermès and Bulgari, she was too exhausted to utter a single word.
Still, the shadow Max cast lingered in her mind, an enigmatic silhouette spinning in her thoughts.
She splashed her face with water in the restroom, the events of the past few days throbbing in her head like needle pricks.
The identity of the person who had forged her past remained a mystery to her, a puzzle unsolved.
Without uncovering their identity, she felt an ominous plot was waiting for her just around the corner.
Aubree's presence during the day had kept her anxiety at bay, but with the arrival of night, sleep eluded her despite her weariness.
Rising from her bed, Brielle grabbed her car keys and drove straight to the old site of Sunflower Children's Home.
She had meant to visit after settling Mark's affairs, feeling certain secrets still lay hidden there.
In her dreams, the fire had seemed too random, as if it had been deliberately set with the intention of claiming her life.
Only the sacrifice of another child had saved Brielle, trading their life for hers.
If someone had been after Brielle since she was so young, what could the secret she carried be?
By nine o'clock, she arrived at the former orphanage. Though developers had bought the land, the building still stood untouched. She slipped in through a window and flicked on the lights. The past began to unfold before her as the light chased away the shadows.
Taking a deep breath, Brielle walked to the site of the old fire. It was still a records room, now masked with fresh wallpaper hiding the scars left by flames.
It was Mark's idea to save costs. He initially just pasted old newspapers over the damage.
After she began donating to the home, the old papers were stripped away and replaced by elegant wall coverings, leaving few aware of the fire's scars.
Most records had been moved to the new location, but Brielle had an inkling that something remained hidden.
She rummaged through every cabinet until her gaze caught on a piece of peeling wallpaper, revealing an unfinished layer of newspaper beneath.
As she reached to smooth the
wallpaper back into place, she uncovered a hidden door. Surprise flickered in her eyes as she tore the rest of the wallpaper away 
The door was narrow, allowing entry for only one person at a time. She didn't have to go far to find a light switch, and deeper in was a small chamber.
In the center of this room was a modest bed, and in this cramped space of less than a hundred square feet lay two bodies.
Far from being frightened by such a sight in the dead of night, Brielle was unfazed.
The corpses were old, a man and a woman, surrounded by walls scribbled with coherent words and curses.
The handwriting belonged to the two, their final testament.
First things first, Brielle dialed the authorities, then returned to scrutinize the wall scribbles. Time and moisture had blurred the words, and smoke blackened the walls, making them illegible. 
Only a line written in bold, clear strokes remained visible.
"He stole my identity."
"I can't go on."
"I'm dying."
The blood-written words, coupled with the frantic scratch marks on the wall, finally sent a shiver down Brielle's spine.
On the day of the fire, smoke would have risen, and with no escape, the pair likely suffocated within this hidden chamber.
Brielle stepped back, her mind racing.
Who were these people?
The police arrived promptly, and a team quickly removed the bodies.
As the one who reported the incident, Brielle stayed to give her statement.
"Ms. Brielle, we'll investigate the identities," the officer said. "If you're keen on the outcome, we'll update you as soon as we have leads."
Brielle was indeed eager to learn about the deceased. The orphanage had been her home, and she had survived that fire. It seemed there had been three fatalities, not one, the chamber's blackened interior evidence of a smoky death. 
"Please do," she replied, "notify me the moment you find something."
###Chapter 779
Brielle had thought the police would need more time to investigate, but to her surprise, the results came back quickly.
By the next day, there was an update.
But it concerned only one person - the woman. The investigation revealed that she was Mark's wife, the same woman who had divorced Mark and abandoned him without looking back.
In Brielle's memory, Mark had said they were divorced and that their last major argument had been over helping Brielle.
How would she end up in an orphanage?
A frown creased Brielle's brow as the police informed her that they could not trace the man's identity. His DNA was not found in any database.
It seemed impossible. With today's advanced technology, confirming the identity of the deceased should've been straightforward.
Then Brielle recalled the writing on the wall. It mentioned someone impersonating the deceased man. Could this impersonation be all-encompassing?
Were all the DNA records false? To achieve this, how deep must the mastermind's influence run?
Brielle had only just started digging but already felt the weight of a massive conspiracy looming over her.
When Brielle visited Stellar Stage Entertainment, she was met by a member of the Barnes family in person.
It was not Alivia or Kenzo.
It was their mother, Daisy.
Brielle sensed the same unfriendly aura in Daisy that she did in Martha. Daisy's distaste for her was undisguised.
"Ms. Brielle," Daisy said, standing in the lobby clutching her chic Hermes bag. "I expect you to apologize to Alivia for yesterday's incident. You wouldn't want Stellar Stage Entertainment to get into any trouble, now would you?" She spoke casually, her eyes appraising the company.
"This is just a little entertainment firm, not even a billion in funding, and you've barely been the CEO for a month. I wonder where you get the nerve to be so brash in front of the Barnes family."
Brielle couldn't help but laugh. "Mrs. Barnes, I don't recall you seeking me out when I was Max's girlfriend. It seems only after we broke up that you and Alivia decided to come knocking. You're quite adept at avoiding risks, aren't you? Too afraid teoffend Max, but not me, right?" 
Daisy's face stiffened, her grip on her bag tightening. "Brielle, as an elder, I shouldn't even be bothered to squabble with you." "Then don't. I'm at work and don't have time for this."
"You!"
Daisy was unaccustomed to being dismissed this way and was left fuming.
Brielle walked past her, intent on leaving, but then she heard Daisy say, "Don't stand in the way of Max and Alivia It was Max's mother's dying wish. You've already caused him enough stress. Do you really want to make him a pariah?" 
Brielle's heart ached. The image of Max's lonely silhouette flooded her mind.
She was trying to keep busy, unravel the mysteries of her past, and stop being a pawn in someone else's game to constantly lose control.
That was the only way to keep Max out of her thoughts. Otherwise, her heart, riddled with scars, would continue to ache.
Her gaze darkened as she looked up
at Daisy. "Mr. Barnes, your enthusiasm for Ms. Alivia doesn't
hold a candle to Martha's. Martha et
was willing to die to stop Max and me from being together. And yet, you show up for the first time today. Perhaps Alivia is Martha's real daughter?" 
Brielle was just bluffing, but she saw Daisy's complexion change dramatically. "What nonsense are you spouting?!"
Realizing she'd lost her composure - after all, this secret had been buried for over two decades and was suddenly being exposed by an outsider - Daisy panicked. Brielle gave her a meaningful look, a glint of intelligence in her eyes.
After a few more threats, Daisy found an opportunity to leave. Long after she had exited Stellar Stage Entertainment, her expression finally cooled.
Brielle was too perceptive. She could not be left unchecked.
###Chapter 780
As Brielle entered the office, a small frown creased her brow.
Her words were meant to rile up Daisy, but Daisy's reaction had set off alarm bells in Brielle's head. If her off-the-cuff remarks held truth, then it pointed to a scandalous secret between the Dorsey and Barnes families.
Brielle's gaze hardened. She knew she had to take the initiative and preempt any potential threats rather than remain a sitting duck as she had in the past.
She took a deep breath and dialed Mason, hoping he could facilitate a transfer of funds into her account.
The company had recently secured a funding round in the billions, and while it wasn't her personal wealth, it did represent a significant stake.
However, as Mason's accounts were overseas, the transfer process was cumbersome and would take at least two days to complete.
Brielle was planning her next moves for two days later, but come evening, her bank alerted her to an incoming transaction of twenty billion. The sum was so vast that the bank called her personally to inquire about any recent business dealings.
As Brielle was about to deny any such activities, Aubree popped up on WhatsApp with a new message.
[I sold off the Clements family stocks. Holding those shares made me a Clements family stakeholder, and I'd inevitably have to face Andrew at the shareholder meetings. By selling them, I cut the ties binding me to him. I'll be picking up my stuff in a few days, and I'm looking at getting a villa with tight security around Pearl Estate.]
[Bri, I know you're in need of money right now, more so than me. Take it. Whatever you return to me in the future will undoubtedly be more.]
From the moment Aubree met Brielle at the Haywood family gathering and saw the fear in her eyes, surrounded by a sea of insincere adults, Aubree had vowed to be Brielle's lifelong friend. They would share their fortunes and face challenges together.
Moreover, Aubree believed Brielle was the most capable woman in the world, destined for greater heights. All Aubree wanted was to be able to see Brielle's shadow from a distance.
Brielle replied to the bank and then to Aubree. [In five years, I'll return it double to you.]
This would be more valuable than any investment in the Clements Corporation.
With the funds secured, Brielle called Mason back, telling him to hold off on the transfer. Then she went downstairs, got into her car, and drove to the suburban casino.
If there were any shady dealings in Beaconsfield, the casino was bound to be a hotbed of information.
She'd overheard a secretive tip on the night she'd won at the casino. There was talk that one could buy a new identity with the right amount of cash.
The casino's enigmatic owner was so certain she'd return to him. Was it perhaps in relation to this identity purchase?
Brielle's second visit to the casino was with a sense of familiarity. As she was about to ask a waiter for information, he seemed to anticipate her arrival and bowed respectfully. "Ms. Brielle, we've been expecting you. Please follow me." 
Brielle arched an eyebrow but didn't refuse, tailing him into the depths of the establishment.
If the casino's boss had wanted her dead, he could have taken his shot last time in the alley.
She had a hunch that this boss was a cunning man with deep-seated schemes, the kind who'd have
hideouts even in the most unlikely places. 
Following the waiter, she entered a secluded room, veiled by heavy curtains, opening up to a spacious area.
A man wearing a silver mask reclined on a plush red sofa, swirling a glass of liquor. His lips curled into a half-smile at her.
Brielle's frown deepened. To dance with wolves, you either got devoured or used them to your advantage.
"You made it," the man's voice was husky, deliberately low.
Brielle sat beside him, her back ramrod straight. "I hear the casino offers more than just gambling. Do you deal in other ventures?"
The man squinted at her, taking her in from head to toe before chuckling softly. "So, you're looking to strike a deal?"
"Yes."
"Your stake." The man leaned back, setting his glass on the coffee table. "You know I'm not short on cash."
Brielle's gaze was steady, her striking eyes locked on his.
"Since we're talking business, I
expect you to have what I want, and
I'll provide what you desire. It's only
fair. I want to know Alivia Barnes'
true identity. And what do you want?" 
The man went quiet for a second before saying, "Your kiss." "Done."
Brielle agreed readily, standing up without hesitation.
###Chapter 781
The man across from her was clearly losing his cool, his casual demeanor slipping away as he slowly sat up straighter in his chair.
Brielle was closing in, leaning towards him with an air of calculated ease. His pupils dilated ever so slightly, and before he knew it, she whipped out a palm-sized fan, the center of which featured a clear plastic film. Her lips pressed a kiss onto his chin, the thin membrane between them ensuring their skin never made contact.
Then, with the same composure, she retreated. "I need to know Alivia's real identity."
The man was frozen in place for a moment before he let out a laugh tinged with incredulity. "Do you take me for a fool?"
"You asked for a kiss," she pointed out, a coy smile playing on her lips. "You didn't specify the type of kiss, whether tongues were to be involved, and to what extent. You run a big casino. Surely, you're not one to renege on a deal?" He breathed deeply, his lips pursing as he fought to maintain composure. His eyes darkened with a swirl of emotions, much like a whirlpool, as he contemplated the warmth that had just grazed his chin.
She was, as always, uniquely audacious.
After leaving the casino and getting into her car, Brielle realized her back was slick with cold sweat. It had been a gamble. Though she suspected that the mysterious casino boss didn't want her dead, she couldn't fathom his true intentions. Asking him to check on Alivia was a minor request for him. If he wanted to maintain his hold over her, he'd have to acquiesce to this small favor to keep her coming back to him. She wouldn't be inclined to return without getting a taste of victory. Brielle's gaze dropped as she leaned back in her seat, her hands gripping the steering wheel tightly.
Why not go directly for the jugular and have someone investigate her own identity, revealing the plots against her? Because she didn't know who was targeting her-it could be the casino boss himself or someone even more enigmatic. If she played her hand too soon, she'd spook her adversaries.
She mustn't let anyone know that she was quietly digging into her own past-not a soul.
Driving home, she anticipated that information about Alivia would soon reach her phone.
Her car had just pulled into Pearl Estate when her phone buzzed with a new message from Aubree, listing an address far from her current location. [Bri, come pick me up. I had a bit too much to drink.]
Dancing with wolves, bargaining with tigers-it was all about who had the larger courage.
It sounded like Aubree, alright-uninhibited and spontaneous, especially since she had no filming scheduled for the past couple of days.
Without hesitation, Brielle steered her car towards the given location.
Meanwhile, Murray watched the tracking dot on his computer screen. His lips curved into a subtle smile.
"Miss, Brielle took the bait. She's headed our way and should arrive in about an hour and a half."
Annie's eyes sparkled with
excitement. The knife in her hand glinted coldly. Finally, she would have the pleasure of slicing off Brielle's pretty face. 
Her lips were a deep crimson. She pulled out a piece of candy and crushed it effortlessly with her sharp teeth as she spoke with an almost childlike innocence. "I've sent Ricardo a message to eliminate Aubree. He should be making his move now, right?" 
"Ricardo would never defy you, Miss."
"Indeed, he's always been so obedient."
Over in the Beaconsfield slums....
Ricardo had just finished shooting his last scene of the day. The studio lights dimmed, and the crew began to pack up their gear. Ricardo headed to the dressing room to remove his makeup, and Aubree followed. "You were in top form today."
Ricardo saw her, glanced at the
makeup artist waiting to assist him, and flashed a guileless smile. "Tonight 'd like you to do my
makeup removal, if that's okay
After all, we have a scene together the day after tomorrow. It'd be good toget more familiar with each other." 
The makeup artist nodded, accustomed to their friendly rapport.
Aubree, ever bold and carefree, took the makeup remover and stepped in front of him. "Alright, take a seat and close your eyes."
Ricardo's skin was flawless. His visage was so youthful that he could easily blend into a high school crowd without a second glance.
"Ricardo, your skin is amazing," Aubree said admiringly as she began wiping his face. "I've never seen you use skincare products. Must be natural." Ricardo's hand moved behind his chair, the blade of a knife slowly appearing, its sharp edge catching the light.
"Mhm."
Aubree was blissfully unaware of the looming danger.
###Chapter 782
In less than a heartbeat, the dagger could slice through her throat.
Starting tonight, Ricardo's identity would be thoroughly erased from Stellar Stage Entertainment.
There was no trace of panic on Ricardo's face. To him, taking a life was second nature. His arm tensed to strike, but Aubree's grip on the tip of his ear sent a confusing warmth through him, causing him to shudder and the dagger to slip from his sleeve. This was a grave mistake.
"Clang."
The sound was especially clear in the quiet of the dressing room, where only the two of them stood.
Ricardo's eyes snapped open, filled with murderous intent.
Oblivious to the danger, Aubree stared at the dagger on the ground, surprise flickering in her eyes. She stooped to pick it up and placed it on the makeup table. "Why are you carrying a paring knife around? Aren't you afraid you might hurt yourself?" Both Aubree and Brielle had seen Ricardo kill on the night she was hurt. He seemed to go mad.
But in their view, it was just a reaction of someone driven to temporary insanity by fear. It never crossed their minds that a teenage boy could be the top assassin on the hit list, the chameleon killer.
That world was too far removed from theirs.
When Aubree saw the dagger, she first thought it was used for peeling apples.
The assassination plan failed. Tonight's debacle was enough to pin Ricardo to a pillar of shame. He took a deep breath and managed a smile at Aubree. "Yeah, for apples. Thank you, Aubree. Let me peel one for you."
A fruit basket sat conveniently on the makeup table. Ricardo took the dagger and began to peel with exaggerated care. This incident could not be known to others. It would be too embarrassing.
But what about Aubree? Should he silence her?
Just as the thought crossed his mind, Aubree patted his shoulder with feigned wisdom. "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone about your quirky habit of hiding daggers."
Ricardo's hand slipped, and the sharp blade sliced a long gash across his fingertip. His face turned cold, and he clenched his teeth.
Another mistake.
His forehead throbbed as Aubree, startled by his injury, produced a band-aid with a sexy lipstick mark on it.
"I knew it. Carry a dagger around,
and you're bound to get hurt. Once this shoot is over, we should get Bri to hire a personal assistant for you. a Let them handle the apple peeling." 
en FindNovel
Ricardo had never felt so powerless in all his years.
He watched Aubree, who was bandaging his finger, not realizing what had just transpired.
Ricardo sighed inwardly and let it go. He could tell that, in some ways, Aubree and Brielle were sharp and
resilient, but in others, they were incredibly naive and oblivious. 
QUMS
Though he didn't understand why Annie suddenly wanted Aubree dead, he wouldn't pursue a mission that had already faced two blunders. "Aubree, that's it. Let's call it a night and get some sleep." He withdrew his hand and carelessly wiped his face with a makeup remover wipe. Aubree didn't insist further, patting his shoulder. "Alright, then I'm off to bed."
After she left, Ricardo stared at the band-aid on his finger and sighed.
Meanwhile, Brielle drove to a rather secluded bar.
Aubree always liked a thrill, but her frequent haunt was always Tequila Sunset.
Although off the beaten path, this new bar's exterior was surprisingly elegant. Perhaps Aubree had discovered a new hidden gem?
She took out her phone to call Aubree but was interrupted by a sudden whoosh behind her.
Instinctively ducking, she avoided the attack.
Turning, she saw a tall man she was certain she did not know. His attack was no accident. He intended to harm her.
Brielle stepped back, eyeing the man-Murray-with wariness.
Murray was more of a hacker than an assassin. Hence, his physical skills were somewhat lacking. He thought Brielle would be an easy target, but she had evaded him. 
Without hesitation, Brielle sprinted to her car and locked the doors tight. As she floored the gas pedal, the car felt unstable.
Someone had slashed her tires in less than a minute after she got out, clearly not intending to let her leave tonight. Cold sweat coated Brielle's palms, her heart raced, and she immediately contacted her emergency number. But she had forgotten. Her emergency contact was Max.
###Chapter 783
When she saw the number dialing out, she froze for a moment but didn't hang up.
She recalled the spat she'd had with Max, their communication severed by someone else's doing. The text message that came through from Aubree wasn't really Aubree. Then, it meant someone had hijacked Aubree's phone. It's the top-tier hacker Patrick had mentioned.
It seemed she had wrongfully accused Andrew last time. Maybe Andrew had indeed infected her phone with a virus, but he hadn't tried to control it.
Brielle heard a voice on the other end, but it wasn't Max's - just a jumble of noises.
She was about to speak when she felt her car falter once more. She was a long way from Pearl Estate and even farther from the bustling city center.
She and Aubree had managed to avoid being sandwiched by two cars last time, but now one of her tires had blown, making a strange noise. If the car behind kept up the chase, she would be forced to stop sooner or later. She had to save herself.
At least until Max arrived, she had to save herself.
She floored the gas pedal and glanced in the rearview mirror. Only one car was in pursuit.
With an almost robotic decisiveness, Brielle stopped the car, abandoned it, grabbed her phone, and dashed into the dense woods nearby.
The stretch of road was well-landscaped, connecting to the largest mountain in Beaconsfield. Now, under the cover of night, she could use the foliage for cover, buying herself time.
Brielle ran wildly forward, her breath forming white clouds in the night air.
She left the car because there was just one vehicle chasing her. Since the driver hadn't rammed her yet, she surmised they were confident she wouldn't get away tonight. The certainty of those chasing her meant there was a greater danger ahead!
Abandoning the car was the smartest move. It bought her time.
Her foot slipped on an unstable rock, and she tumbled down the hillside. Her phone fell to one side. She struggled to reach for it, her body wracked with pain.
All around her, silence prevailed as if all sound had vanished. Sweat beaded on her forehead, and with bloodied fingertips, she reached for her phone. Her eyes quivered, seeing that the call was still connected.
"Max,"
In the next instant, the phone slipped further down, tumbling into the abyss.
Brielle could only watch the light of the screen fade, blinking as the echo came from far below after a long delay.
There was no way to retrieve her phone now. It had fallen into a deep ravine left over from an old road. construction project. Going down there with her injuries would mean certain death. 
Brielle took a deep breath and got to her feet, heading in a different direction. Though only superficially wounded, every movement made her face turn pale with pain. She stopped to catch her breath, sweat streaming down her forehead.
Suddenly, something sharp pressed against her back, and she tensed up, swallowing hard.
Murray's voice drifted through the air, tinged with regret. "Ms. Brielle, you're quite clever, but alas, your cleverness has brought you this fatal trouble."
After all, it wasn't just Anniey who
wanted her dead tonight. Mrs. Barnes had also sent people. Dozens more were searching above. Even if Brielle escaped his grasp, she wouldn't get away from the hands of the Barnes family. 
Brielle didn't move, recognizing the voice of the man she had narrowly escaped from earlier.
Even though she had managed to slip away from him once, his demeanor had always been one of relaxed superiority, like a cat toying with a mouse.
The gleaming blade of a dagger had already pierced her clothing and was a second away from penetrating her heart.
Brielle lowered her eyes, then looked up at him with a smile. "I'm about to die. Let me at least die with some understanding. May I ask who you are?"
Murray actually quite admired
Brielle. If she hadn't left her car, she would have faced certain death, as Mrs. Barnes' people were blocking the way. Mrs. Barnes' stance was clear Brielle had to die tonight. 
He had even thought he might not need to lift a finger, but then he saw Brielle stop the car and dart into the forest.
He didn't know what had tipped her off, but her guess was spot on.
Getting out of the car had bought her time to strategize; otherwise, she was on a path to certain death.
"My name's Murray."
He responded simply.
###Chapter 784
As soon as the words had left his lips, a small silver pistol was pressed against his chest.
"Bang!"
Brielle watched the man slowly fall to the ground. She did not have a chance to fire again since the shot had already given away her position.
She shoved the gun up her sleeve and, with leaden legs, continued to move forward.
Murray lay on the ground, staring in disbelief.
Ten minutes later, Annie arrived by his side. Murray wasn't as quick on his feet as the rest, but in the final moment before Brielle fired, he had managed to dodge just enough.
It wasn't a fatal wound. A prompt visit to the hospital would see to its healing.
Annie sighed and crouched beside him. "Murray, do you know why you failed tonight?"
Murray remained silent, just gazing at her obsessively, in a daze. "Because you saw Brielle's face, and you hesitated for a few seconds. Seems I've got quite the hold on you, huh, Murray?" She reached out, her fingertip gently touching his cheek.
Like a dog begging for mercy with its tail between its legs, he still had no complaints as he stared at her.
Annie patted his cheek with the palm of her hand. "I told you before, Murray. Don't let emotions get in the way. You're no longer fit for this, but don't worry. I'll make sure Brielle pays for this." Her dagger slowly touched Murray's throat, and beneath his incredulous gaze, she sliced through.
Blood splattered.
The light in Murray's eyes went out forever.
Annie stood up, staring at the blood that had stained her dagger red.
A hound that couldn't measure up had only one fate.
Frowning, she tried to kick his body into the ravine, but his hand was clutching the hem of her pants. So tightly that even in death, he hadn't let go.
Annie frowned, annoyed, and cut the fabric to free herself, which delayed her pursuit of Brielle.
She headed in the direction where Brielle had vanished.
The more she walked, the more an unfamiliar restlessness grew within her. Annie didn't understand what was happening to her, so after running a hundred meters, she inexplicably turned back.
She returned to where Murray had fallen, only to find no one there. Just a few torn pieces of fabric lay on the ground, and some bent grass at the edge of the ravine.
It looked like he had fallen down and was gone for good.
Annie took out a piece of candy, unwrapped it, and popped it into her mouth. She chewed hard, but somehow, the candy didn't taste as sweet as it used to.
She turned back to pursue Brielle. It was Brielle who had caused Murray's death, so she had to kill Brielle to avenge him.
At this moment, Brielle was
breathless and ran as fast as she could. But her vision was getting blurrier. She had not been feeling well these past few days, and now she had pushed beyond her body's
limits. 
She found herself beneath a large boulder in a daze, feeling the world sway before her. Then, her body followed the boulder down in a fall.
She had no energy left to run or to struggle. A severe pain struck her head as if she had hit something hard, then darkness enveloped her, and she passed out completely.
Max was spending the evening at the Dorsey family mansion. Martha had just been laid to rest, bringing together many distant relatives of the Dorseys. The Barnes family and business partners of the Dorseys had come as well. 
The mansion, typically closed to outsiders, was exceptionally crowded tonight due to Martha's passing.
Martha's funeral was brief, and Max had not opted for a traditional wake.
He had hoped for a quiet end, but relatives began to arrive in droves after the interment, so the mansion was unusually bustling this evening.
He sat in silence just below the seat of honor, overhearing someone introducing a new suitor to Michael-a girl who had just turned eighteen.
Max said nothing, and neither did Victoria.
Martha was their birth mother, and by rights, they had the most say. However, such affairs were all too common in high society, and after all, Martha herself had married into the Dorseys in a similar way. She had outlived Michael's previous wife, ultimately becoming the last lady of the Dorsey family.
Max's face was somber amidst the noise, and he didn't notice the ring of his phone as he inadvertently answered the call, nor did he glance down.
Daisy had even come over to offer

him a drink personally. She was Martha's dearest friend and also Max's elder, so he couldn't refuse the gesture. He raised his glass in a token sip, accepting the drinkin front of him. 
As Daisy witnessed his action, a glint passed through her eyes, and the corner of her mouth curled into a smile.
###Chapter 785
The drink had been spiked, and Max was feeling particularly on edge tonight. His usual vigilance was dulled amidst the chaos stirred up by the distant relatives who had gathered. The last thing he would have expected was for someone to tamper with his beverage at his mother's wake.
But Daisy felt not an ounce of guilt. As Martha's closest confidante, she was determined to fulfill her late friend's dying wish.
Martha had been explicit about her desires. Max was to marry Alivia, and only then would Alivia become the happiest woman on earth.
A smug smile danced at the corners of Daisy's lips as she watched the proceedings.
Alivia had been under her wing for many years, raised with all the privileges the Barnes family could offer. She had blossomed into the cream of Beaconsfield society, Daisy's pride and joy. What Alivia wanted, the Barnes family provided, sparing no expense. Daisy had been generous with the best education and resources.
Now that Martha was gone, it was Daisy's responsibility to see her daughter's dreams realized.
"Max, you've been through a lot these past few days, and you look exhausted," Daisy said. "Why don't you go get some rest?"
Max despised crowds and was wary of the relatives with their ulterior motives. They had seized the opportunity of Martha's passing to start introducing newcomers to Michael.
To curry favor with Michael could mean a world of difference. It meant possibly rising from the ranks of the distant relatives and breaking into the Beaconsfield elite-a chance at unimaginable wealth.
Max nodded at Daisy and rose to leave. He had intended to return to the Premier Palace, but the butler intercepted him midway, informing him that a room had been prepared for him.
Feeling off-color and weary, Max was also aware that returning to the Premier Palace meant facing the absence of Brielle.
The mere thought of her tightened his chest, and his eyes began to burn inexplicably.
Led by the butler, Max retired to his room, but it wasn't just his eyes that felt the heat. His entire body was soon ablaze.
His brow furrowed as his consciousness began to blur, and through the haze, a figure appeared in the doorway-a woman.
Max raised a hand to his forehead, but suddenly, a pair of cool hands were on his temples.
"Does this help a bit, Max?" a voice whispered.
The drugs in Max's drink-one to muddle his mind, the other a hallucinogen-were no low-grade concoctions, especially not when Daisy was the one who'd procured them. The face before him morphed into Brielle's, and it was coming closer.
His frown deepened. The scent wasn't Brielle's. She never wore perfume, always carrying a natural fragrance either from her shampoo or her body wash, never contrived. He tried to push the person away, but her hand slipped down, fumbling with his suit buttons.
"Get off!" his voice was a sharp command, his eyes flashing with cold fury as he stood up to leave.
A pair of arms wrapped around his waist.
"Max, please, I need you," pleaded the voice, which Alivia had disguised to sound desperate. She had even dressed in Brielle's style, down to the makeup.
Under the influence of the drugs, she believed Max couldn't resist.
Max reached for the door, only to find it locked tight.
The dizziness in his head intensified,
and as he tried to shake off the woman clinging to him, she shamelessly began to moan louder, intent on attracting attention whatever scandal they were supposedly enacting. 
This was definitely not Brielle!
Brielle would never stoop so low.
"Let go!" he demanded, his blood boiling, yet Alivia twined around him like a serpent, her moans becoming more lascivious.
She was nothing like the sophisticated lady she was groomed to be.
A fierce look crossed Max's eyes, but the drugs sapped his strength.
Triumph shone in Alivia's eyes, sure that the drugs were beyond even the best doctors' ability to counteract. They would soon have Max begging for relief.
She couldn't wait and used her sultry voice to lure him, wishing he would pounce on her without delay.
A sharp pain shot through Max's
head, aggravated by the woman's moans In a fit of anger, he knocked
over a vase, grabbed a shard of broken porcelain, and dragged it across his palm. 
The pain brought a moment of
clarity, and as he saw the woman before him clearly for the first time,
Max felt an urge to strike
ve
her something utterly against his upbringing. 
Despicable, vile, shameless.
###Chapter 786
"Get lost!"
The words spewed from his lips for the second time as he shoved the figure away from him.
Alivia tumbled to the floor with a thud, her elbow swelling with pain from the impact. Tonight was her golden opportunity. The room was locked tight, and Max was under the influence of two different meds. If she couldn't take him down now, she'd be facing his complete disdain in the future.
"Max!"
Max had already grabbed a chair next to him, hurling it at the room's window.
No wonder he'd felt uneasy since entering the room. The door and windows were sealed shut. His palms were smeared with blood, a testament to his forceful action that shattered the window.
Glass shards littered the floor as Alivia's cries turned into screams.
The butler had chosen a ground-floor room for him that night, and with his long legs, Max vaulted out with ease. He didn't look back at Alivia. He just felt utterly disgusted.
He had never experienced such revulsion before.
Max stumbled a few steps forward and finally encountered Patrick.
Patrick quickly steadied him, his eyes wide with shock. "Sir?"
"Take me back to Premier Palace."
Patrick nodded vigorously, a flicker of anger in his eyes. Had they been played?
While the Dorsey family mourned the death of Martha, some distant relative was pushing Michael for a new girl while someone else drugged Max.
What a filthy nest the upper crust turned out to be.
Sometimes, the pinnacle of education, resources, and wealth didn't equate to perfection. In such circles, privilege was taken for granted from the moment it was enjoyed, with flattery and societal favor becoming expectations. Humanity fades, and personal gain takes the throne.
Max settled into the car, a wave of unease washing over him. His forehead was slick with sweat, both hot and uncomfortable.
When he pulled out his phone, the sight of Brielle's call log made his vision swim.
It had to be a trick, right?
She was so heartless and had even rejected his whispers of a secret relationship. Why on earth would she reach out to him?
Brielle's heart was colder than
anyone's Her time with him was solely to get back at Spencer. He was nothing but a blunt instrument, a tool for her vendetta against the Dorsey family. en FindNovel
Max blinked away the haze, resisting the urge to look closer, yet his trembling fingers dialed the number anyway. The phone was off.
At least he wasn't blocked. He had half-expected her to cut off all contact after her ruthless goodbye.
Thinking back on the day's events, a bitter smile spread across Max's lips.
He had hoped to keep their only connection through Stellar Stage Entertainment, only to learn that it had become a privately-held company, free from Dorsey O International's clutches. 
Who else could orchestrate such a move but Brielle?
She had laid her plans well in advance. Was this her escape route?
Max felt a surge of rage that came from being used and then callously discarded. If it was all about him, why couldn't she do it thoroughly? 
She could use him for a lifetime.
moving
But for Brielle, there was probably never a thought of a lifetime.
That ruthless woman...
Max closed his eyes, his chest heaving with a turmoil that refused to settle.
The heat of his body, coupled with the chill that spread through him at thoughts of Brielle, tormented him.
He leaned back in the car seat, finally instructing Patrick. "Patrick, track down Brielle's location."
Nowadays, hardly anyone turned off their phone unless something was up.
What if something had happened to her? He couldn't gamble on that one-in-a-million chance.
Max closed his eyes, feeling a warmth that wasn't just from the fever.
He could never harden his heart against Brielle, yet she showed him no mercy.
###Chapter 787
Patrick glanced at him through the rearview mirror, noting how his breathing was shaky from distress. He nodded swiftly in acknowledgment. "Alright, boss."
Patrick floored the accelerator, but his first call wasn't to track down Brielle's whereabouts. Instead, he rang the family doctor to meet them at Premier Palace before making another call to initiate the search for Brielle.
By the time Max arrived at Premier Palace, the doctor was already there, a look of surprise evident on his face. Over the years, Max had faced his share of underhanded tactics, but this was the first time he seemed so tormented by a drug's effects, indicating a potent dose. For an ordinary man, confusion would have already blurred the lines between friend and foe. The family doctor, seasoned by various crises, recalled a drug that had once made a well-mannered gentleman nearly attack his own brother in public. Shuddering at the memory, the doctor hastily administered an antidote to Max.
Max kept his eyes closed, darkness swirling inside them like a vortex, threatening to drag him deeper. He leaned back against the couch, his Adam's apple bobbing as he asked Patrick.
"Have you found her location?"
Patrick was about to say they hadn't received any updates when his phone rang. He pressed the answer button without hesitation.
"Patrick, we've located Ms. Brielle. But it's not good news-the car the boss sent for her is abandoned on the outskirts of town. There's been a lot of activity out there tonight, and it's likely that Ms. Brielle..."
A shiver ran down Patrick's spine as he relayed the information to Max.
Max's eyelashes quivered violently, and from somewhere, he summoned the strength to stand.
"Let's go."
"But boss, you're not well..."
The doctor looked on, troubled. Given the drug's effect on Max, the dosage must have been massive, perhaps a complex blend of substances. Even with his strong will, a breakdown seemed imminent. "Max, you should stay and rest."
But before he could finish, Max was already striding out the door, leaving Patrick with no choice but to follow swiftly.
Max's presence was icy, the air around him seemingly solidifying into frost. Patrick felt chilled to the bone just sharing the same space with him.
They drove to where Brielle's car was abandoned. Evening had fallen, and the dim streetlights made the area look like a prime spot for foul play. Max saw his men searching for Brielle but was not reassured. He grabbed a flashlight and decided to search himself.
Patrick, unable to dissuade him, followed closely, fearing Max might collapse due to the drugs.
Thorns and underbrush surrounded them, and Max felt a growing chill in his heart, overpowering the drug's effects until all he could feel was an endless cold. 
Brielle...
He quickened his pace and then, at the edge of a ravine, he found her gun. It was custom-made for her by Jaired to fit her hand perfectly. Max squatted down to pick up the gun, noting the bloodstains on it. His eyes, dark already, now flickered with a tinge of madness. "Check down there."
His voice was hoarse as he clutched the firearm tightly. The ravine was steep, and finding a way down was not easy.
After a long search, Max found a narrow path. But the recent spring rain had made it slippery, and his dress shoes lost their grip. He slipped and tumbled down. 
"Sir!"
Patrick cried out in panic. He was about to leap after him when a beam of light revealed Max picking up the flashlight from the ground. "I'm fine."
Patrick sighed in relief, his eyes reddening as he hurried down to join him.
Max's expensive suit jacket was smeared with leaves and mud, but he didn't have the luxury of concerning himself with his attire. He moved forward.
Patrick was speechless. This was
the second time he'd seen the boss
so disheveled. The first was the night Ms. Brielle had broken things off with him, when he had returned from the graveyard with his trouser hems caked in mud. 
Both times, it was because of Ms. Brielle.
###Chapter 788
Patrick's heart felt like it was being wrung out. He didn't say a word, just followed behind in a heavy silence.
Max hadn't gone far when he spotted a man on the ground, gunshot wound fresh and throat slashed, having fallen from a great height. Yet, miraculously, the man was still alive.
Patrick called for reinforcements, and soon, help arrived to handle the situation. Max didn't stop; his mind was set on finding Brielle.
He trudged along the muddy path for nearly a mile before he finally spotted her silhouette. If his need to find Brielle had been strong before, now he wished with every fiber of his being that it wasn't her lying there.
She lay still, her head resting in a dark pool of blood. Max felt like the world had gone silent. He moved instinctively closer, bending down to touch her hand, terrified it would be as cold as death.
His fingertips pulled back, eyes wide with shock, sorrow, and panic. Patrick quickly stepped in, placing a finger under Brielle's nose to check for breath. Max, unable to speak, watched him desperately.
His body, which had been fueled by adrenaline, now felt icy cold. He had imagined countless ways to reunite with Brielle, but never like this. He tried to speak but found himself mute. Slowly, cautiously, he reached out and touched Brielle's palm. It was cold, devoid of warmth.
Max lowered his gaze, grasping her hand in his, exhaling a warm breath, trying to will his heat into her. What if Brielle was gone? What if she was truly dead? What then?
"She's still breathing, sir," Patrick confirmed, his own heart heavy at the sight.
Max's eyes clung to hope as he tried to lift Brielle, but his arms felt like overcooked spaghetti. As Brielle slipped from his grasp, he gathered her up again, only for her to slip once more. His strength had abandoned him, his body paralyzed by an overwhelming terror that clouded all thought.
Unable to bear the sight, Patrick crouched down. "Let me carry Ms. Brielle. They're ready for us back there. She's got a severe head injury. We can't waste any time."
Max nodded, summoning all his strength to help position Brielle onto Patrick's back. His legs gave way, leaving him barely able to stand as he rasped, "Go ahead."
Patrick nodded and hurried back the
way they came. Max waited until he could feel his limbs again before rising from the cold stone, leaning against a tree for support, feeling as though his chest was being torn apart. He had never experienced such raw agony, as if his bones were being ground to dust. 
vel
Max staggered forward, tripped, and the flashlight he carried broke, plunging his surroundings into darkness. With an exceptional memory, he recalled the exact number of steps he had taken. Discarding the broken flashlight, he relied on the feeble moonlight to find his way back. 
He felt something cold on his face and looked up, expecting rain, but the sky was clear. How strange. He had lived for twenty-six years but had never felt such intense emotion.
By the roadside, the car that had brought Brielle had already left, leaving behind people waiting for Max. When Max finally arrived, everyone was taken aback by his disheveled appearance-his once pristine clothes now soiled, his expensive shoes caked with mud.
"Sir, please, get into the car."
Max remained silent, climbing into
the vehicle with a quiet dignity that was both heartbreaking and imposing. When Max reached the hospital, Brielle was already in the emergency room. He didn't bother changing clothes, sitting stoically as
doctors and nurses bustled around
him. 
At dawn, Brielle was wheeled out. Max stood, his throat too tight to ask anything, feeling as though a blockage was suffocating him. He watched in silence as Brielle was moved to the ICU-a place his mother had never returned from just days ago. Insisting on a protective suit, Max was determined to stay by her side. For three days, he didn't blink, didn't eat, didn't drink, holding her hand as if that alone could bring her back to consciousness.
###Chapter 789
Three days later, the test results showed Brielle was stable, at least for now. The doctor wheeled her into a regular ward, and for the first time in days, Max felt the tension in his body start to ease. But then came the pounding headache and the all-over ache that made him feel like he'd been hit by a truck.
Blinking to clear the sting from his tired eyes, he dragged himself to the ward. Seeing Brielle's pale face lying there, all his previous pain seemed like nothing compared to the gut-wrenching agony he felt now.
Patrick walked in and saw Max looking like he'd been through hell-bloodshot eyes, stubble on his chin, and his hand gripping Brielle's like he'd never let go.
"Any updates?" Max asked, his voice tight, still gently rubbing Brielle's hand.
Patrick hesitated before finally whispering, "It was Mrs. Barnes. She kept you busy that night and sent someone to mess with Ms. Brielle, so..."
The Barnes family was deeply intertwined with the Dorsey family. Max was friends with Kenzo, so even though Mrs. Barnes had crossed a line, retaliating against the Barnes family would be a big deal. Patrick's mind was a whirl of concerns, but then Max asked, "What about Alivia?"
Max's eyes flashed with undisguised disgust at the mention of her. He kissed Brielle's palm, trying to use her touch to chase away the loathing gnawing at him.
"After you left, sir, Ms. Alivia told everyone you two had, well, 'sealed the deal,' and she hoped your father would bless your union. She even said you got a little too friendly after a few drinks. He bought it and approved your marriage to Ms. Alivia on the spot." Rage that had been simmering inside Max started to show. His lips curled into a thin, dangerous smile. "Is that so?"
Patrick stood there, stunned by the sheer force of Max's silent fury. Max's anger was always quiet, like now, as he calmly picked up a nail clipper and started trimming Brielle's nails with meticulous care.
Her nails had gotten a bit long, and Max had been diligently cleaning cher hands these past few days. Her palm was much smaller than his, pale and soft, no longer as cold as that night. 
Still, his heart felt like it was being squeezed by a thousand thorns, each one digging deeper into his soul.
After he finished, he wrapped the clippings in a tissue and tossed them in the trash. His eyes were dark and intense, a cold air around him that felt like it could freeze over.
"Patrick," he said in an icy calm voice, "tell the media that Alivia and Kenzo aren't actually Barnes family children. Let the Barnes family deal with that chaos."
Just a few words from Max could ruin the Barnes family. Patrick thought he might be hearing things, his body cold with shock. But if Max said it, it had to be true. Why? What was really going on?
Patrick didn't dare ask. Max was focused on Brielle, still wiping her fingertips with a handkerchief. Her hands were clean enough, but to Max, they were still tainted, as if they were smeared with blood. 
He wanted to scrub away the scent of blood, but he couldn't erase the fear inside him. He couldn't go through it again.
His gaze was icy and dark, filled with a brooding intensity. He couldn't bear to see her lying there, silent and vulnerable, anymore.
If they were heading towards disaster, he'd join her in it.
When Patrick left the hospital, his head was buzzing, but he didn't dare disobey Max's orders. He called the press and told them to release the news in half an hour, making sure it would be broadcast everywhere. 
Beaconsfield was about to be thrown into chaos.
###Chapter 790
The Barnes household had been in chaos since Daisy returned from the Dorsey residence. Although Michael had publicly agreed to the union of Alivia and Max, Max himself had been conspicuously absent. On the day of the fateful incident, when they burst into the room, they found Alivia crying on Max's bed, a small red stain on the sheets. She claimed Max, intoxicated, had taken advantage of her. Present were members from both the Dorsey and Barnes families, and the consensus was that marriage was the best resolution to the scandal. Yet, Daisy couldn't shake a feeling of unease. So, she had Alivia summoned back to the house.
Alivia had been glowing these past few days, confident that the announcement of their engagement was imminent. Even if Max ed, the decision was out of his hands once their parents made the news public. Throwing herself into Daisy's arms with a coquettish giggle, she said, "Mom, I really owe you one."
Daisy looked at her with a tender gaze. "Oh, you've been so fixated on Max all these years, making me pull this stunt. Don't you dare be this headstrong again."
Alivia smiled, but inside she felt a twinge of resentment. Even with Max drugged that night, he had resisted her. Did she hold no allure in his eyes at all?
In Beaconsfield, plenty of wealthy suitors vied for her attention, yet Max had always been dismissive of her advances, forcing her to fabricate the scene that night.
Still, in the end, she got what she wanted: the marriage was set.
"Alivia, what's Kenzo been up to lately?" Daisy inquired, feeling a headache coming on at the thought of her elusive son.
"Mom, Kenzo's work thrives on inspiration. He travels the world, and once he catches that creative spark, he locks himself away, working tirelessly. He's either seeking inspiration or on his way to find it," Alivia said with satisfaction. Though not born a Barnes, she was treated as one, with all the affection from her parents and brother, who had little interest in the family's assets, ensuring that most of the Barnes fortune would be hers.
Her smile widened, and she thought of how her relationship with Max would only solidify her position as the darling of both families. She didn't
't worry about Max's current indifference; marriage was for life, and she had time to win his love. 
Just then, a servant burst into the room, breathless. "Madame! There's been an incident!"
Daisy's hands stilled from stroking Alivia's hair, her brows furrowing. "What happened?"
The servant hesitated, simply murmuring, "Please, check the trending news."
Both women were puzzled by the panic, but as they opened the hot news of the day, a chill ran down Alivia's spine.
Daisy stood frozen, her phone slipping from her grasp. She headed for the door, demanding, "Where's Collin? Where is he?"
Collin, her husband, was the Barnes family patriarch's eldest son.
"He is on his way back, the old man has returned, and so have the Barnes relatives. They're making a scene, demanding answers," the servant explained.
The Barnes extended family had always envied Collin's position, and the breaking news played right into their hands. They had stormed the family estate, clamoring for Collin to explain. en FindNovel
Jose Barnes sat with a throbbing headache as the clamor surrounded him. He could not fathom the. revelation that his cherished grandchildren, Kenzo and Alivia,
were not of Barnes blood. 
He turned to Daisy, his expression darkening. "Daisy, explain this."
Daisy swallowed hard, bewildered by the leak of her deepest secrets, never questioned in over two decades.
Suddenly, a mug shattered nearby, and Jose's anger surged. "Explain to me, who are Kenzo and Alivia's real parents?"
Daisy collapsed to her knees, her forehead slick with cold sweat. Her darkest secrets exposed, her standing within the Barnes family was utterly destroyed.
###Chapter 791
In the Barnes family, the recent revelation had kicked up a storm. For over two decades, the uneven distribution of resources had simmered with resentment. The bombshell that the two most promising heirs weren't even Barnes blood was a scandal that rocked the high society of Beaconsfield. It was a disgrace that threatened to undermine the family's standing in the community. How could the Barnes name retain its prestige in Beaconsfield now?
Daisy, forehead slick with sweat, dared not utter a word in her defense. Alivia, kneeling beside her, was utterly dumbfounded. Just recently, she had been relieved that their secret had remained undiscovered, but now, it was laid bare for all to see.
The shock that Kenzo, her brother, was also not a true Barnes had her reeling. "What on earth is going on?" she wondered fearfully, leaning closer to Daisy for support, while Jose, red-faced with anger, bellowed for Collin.
"Collin! Get him back here now!"
The Barnes estate descended into chaos, with family members lashing out at Daisy and Alivia with every insult under the sun. The suppressed anger of years was unleashed with a vengeance, fingers practically jabbing in the faces of the two women. Collin arrived soon after, his shock surpassing everyone else's. To find out that his star son and the daughter he'd painstakingly raised had no ties to him was shattering.
"You! You"
The usually composed man fainted from sheer fury.
Jose could only look at Daisy with disgust. With this scandal breaking, the Barnes family, known for their etiquette and historical scholarship, would struggle to hold their ground. This would become the joke of the inner circle, and the support they used to receive would likely be diverted elsewhere.
"Daisy, leave. The Barnes family has no place for you," he said coldly.
Daisy remained on her knees, the events unfolding too rapidly to comprehend.
Alivia's mind was blank, but she couldn't help trying to defend herself. "Grandfather, my achievements have nothing to do with my birth. I am still the youngest manager at the research institute. Besides, I'm about to marry Max, and then-"
But before she could finish, someone burst in, their face a mask of panic.
"Mr. Barnes, Dorsey International has issued an official statement. They claim Mr. Dorsey never had any relations with Ms. Alivia, and all rumors suggesting otherwise are the product of her unrequited affections. They also clarified that Mr. Dorsey has admitted to pursuing someone he truly likes, but the
feelings are not yet reciprocated."
Max had never bothered with an official social media presence, his private account following only Brielle, unverified and hidden behind a string of random characters.
The statement from Dorsey
International was carefully worded,
almost bluntly stating there was no relationship between Max and Alivia. It went on to explain the origin of the rosary, a gift from Max's mother Martha, given to Alivia during better times. The announcement also highlighted that the rosary had been intended for the woman Max truly cared for, but it was returned to him when she didn't share his feelings.
As a final blow, the statement made it clear that Alivia's manipulative tactics, borne out of unrequited love, had severed any remaining ties with them.
Attached was a toxicology report from Max's medical examination, the implications of which were clear to anyone who understood.
Alivia's reputation plummeted. The public outcry was immediate, calling for her removal from her prestigious position. Her misuse of substances and moral failings made her unfit to lead, they argued. The government responded promptly, announcing they would consider a new candidate for her position.
Given Max's stature-a man who'd
shunned public attention, whose image was scarce, save for a dated photograph his word carried weight. There was no need for
someone of his caliber to false net
accuse a woman. It was evident he hadn't given much thought to Alivia's earlier insinuations online, but her recent actions, especially so soon after his mother's death, were nothing short of reprehensible. 
The twisted scheme was too vile for words. How could someone stoop so low?
###Chapter 792
A few days ago, the media dropped a bombshell with a snapshot of Max's silhouette, breaking hearts left and right.
Alivia had been professing her love for Max, but behind his back, she was up to some seriously shady stuff. No wonder Dorsey International's top brass felt the need to step in and set things straight-they were absolutely furious! "Unbelievable, the audacity of her! Mr. Dorsey has always kept quiet, but this must've really hit a nerve!"
"I thought they were a match made in heaven! What a joke! Alivia, do you even deserve Max?!"
"Mr. Dorsey deserves way better. She's not worth the drama. Just thinking about it makes my blood boil, no wonder the company had to speak up."
"Alivia always portrayed herself as Miss Perfect online, but who would've guessed this was her true face? My heart goes out to Mr. Dorsey. I hope he finds his true love soon."
Thanks to the official statement, Max was painted as a humble admirer right from the start. Support for Max to find someone who truly appreciated him was overwhelming. Even Dorsey International's stock prices soared. Meanwhile, Alivia's legs gave out beneath her as she read the online tirades against her. Her lips trembled, but she couldn't form a coherent word.
How could this be happening?
How?!
Her teeth clenched, eyes filled with resentment.
That damned Brielle! What did she have that made Max go to such lengths?!
It was Brielle who shamelessly threw herself at Max, not the other way around!
Cursed be the day!
Envy twisted her features into a grotesque mask.
The Barnes family had had enough of her excuses, and Jose, in a rage, threw her out on the street.
Thinking of Kenzo, who had yet to show up, Jose felt a stab of pain in his chest, nearly passing out with the strain.
The entertainment industry was in an uproar, Beaconsfield turned upside down in the blink of an eye!
Daisy and Alivia were out of the Barnes' favor.
The nation stepped in, announcing a recast for the role of the manager of the research institute.
Infinity Brilliance, a major investor, was inevitably drawn into the fray, rushing to handle the situation domestically.
In one day, the internet was ablaze with an unprecedented fervor, the number of participants in the discussion breaking the hundred million mark. This was the most-watched drama in history.
The outcry against Alivia drowned out all other commentary!
Spiking someone's drink on the day of their mother's funeral was she a monster?!
But no matter the chaos outside,
Brielle's hospital room remained et
serene the only sound being the medical monitors beeping rhythmically. 
The doctors couldn't say when she would wake up-maybe tomorrow, maybe a month, maybe never.
Max held her hand, his eyes red-rimmed.
As evening fell, Daisy's hysterical voice pierced the calm.
"Max! Come out here! Max! Show your face!"
Her voice was hoarse, worn thin by her descent from bliss to hell in a day. She was on the verge of a breakdown.
Max ignored her, gently covering Brielle's ears with his hands.
Even though Brielle couldn't hear anything in her comatose state, he didn't want the barking outside to disturb her rest. Daisy's cries lasted only minutes before security dragged her away, banishing her from the hospital. Shivering, Daisy couldn't believe Max would go so far as to ruin Alivia. How dare he!
Did he not fear the repercussions if the truth about his origins within the Dorsey family came to light? Damn it all!
She was ready to burn it all down, but as the thought crossed her mind, a man appeared beside her.
Standing before her with a smirk, he said, "I'd advise Mrs. Temperance to reconsider. You're down and out, and the boss can do whatever he pleases. Before you spill any secrets, you'll likely end up dead in some forgotten alley. So, keep quiet, because as it stands, you've only lost your reputation-you still have your wealth. Once you lose your life, you've got nothing left." 
Daisy paled, her teeth clenched in fury.
This man was Max's-what did this mean? Had Max known all her secrets all along? Impossible!
How could he have found out?
In that moment, Daisy realized that none of them truly knew Max. He had always maintained a dignified facade, not bothering to deal with
anyone beneath him. But when truly angered, no one could stand in his way. 
QUMS
She had hired a hit on Brielle, stepping over the line, provoking his wrath.
Brielle, what made her worthy of such devotion?
###Chapter 793
Daisy's heart pounded so fiercely she could hardly believe how quickly her life had spiraled out of control. Even Alivia, whom she had vowed to protect, was left exposed because of her failure. Damn it!
She couldn't wrap her head around how Max could be so heartless. Even if he didn't have feelings for Alivia, after all these years, the least he could do was show some decency. Now, with all the vile comments online, how was Alivia supposed to face the world? Was she to become a recluse?
Daisy's lips trembled as she rasped, "I need to talk to him! If he keeps up this ruthless campaign against Alivia, I swear I'll spill that secret!"
A flicker of murderous intent crossed the man's eyes as he stepped closer. "Mrs. Winston, I think you're missing something. Max has no desire to compete with the Beaconsfields or any other family. He sees them as beneath him. The wealth he amassed on Wall Street has long surpassed the Dorsey family's legacy. Do you really think he fears losing his position as heir?"
Daisy was frozen in place, speechless. No one knew exactly how much wealth Max had accumulated during his Wall Street days. At sixteen, he orchestrated the largest acquisition the world had ever seen, and while everyone focused on his genius, few delved into his actual fortune.
Maybe it wasn't that no one tried to dig deeper, but rather that they found nothing. Was Max, at only sixteen or seventeen, already that formidable?
A chill crept up Daisy's spine, making her feel icy cold. She wanted to laugh hysterically but couldn't.
Max! She had truly underestimated him.
"So what if Max is formidable! Even if he turns into a mad dog, he's still willingly leashed, and Brielle holds the other end of that leash! He will regret it, not choosing an exceptional girl like Alivia. Instead, he wasted his affection on a tramp. He will regret it!" Daisy's voice echoed through the empty space, but no one cared to listen anymore. After her outburst, she began to sob, covering her face with her hands.
The Barnes family had cast her aside, her husband was pushing for a divorce - was it her fault she couldn't bear a child? Then, a spark of realization lit up her eyes. She still had Kenzo!
Kenzo would surely remember the years of care she had provided. Without her, Kenzo would have starved to death. They had warned her when they handed Kenzo off- the child would die if discovered by others. She had given Kenzo life; surely, he would stand by her. 
With gritted teeth and eyes full of resentment, she thought of Martha, who would never know the ironic twist her sacrifices had led to. How utterly laughable! Meanwhile...
Alivia was holed up in her house, too afraid to answer the phone or face anyone, locking her doors tight. The online abuse was too much for her to bear She couldn't, she wouldn't look at it. Just a short while ago, she was confidently fielding interviews with the media, and now she had become an of public scorn. 
Tears streamed down her cheeks as she bit her lip, silent in her anguish. Since her return, her phone hadn't stopped ringing; it seemed the whole industry was waiting to mock her downfall, with the media eager for a juicy story. Her eyes reddened with frustration, her chest trembling. Her lips bled from biting, her palms stained with blood. That morning, she had thought she'd marry Max as she had wished, only to be met with a cruel twist of fate. She felt as if she was choking on blood, and finally, unable to hold it in, she spat it out and crumpled to the floor, weak and kneeling. Her tears smeared across her face, she never imagined she'd see such a day.
She had thought the worst-case
scenario was Max never loving her, but at least she would maintain her status as Mrs. Dorsey International She never anticipated that her most disgraceful moment would be exposed by the man she loved, in such a brutal manner. And the woman she loathed most was now adored by him, pursued so humbly? 
Ha! What a farce!
###Chapter 794
Alivia's eyes were blazing with hatred as she screamed and smashed everything in her room, like a madwoman completely losing it. Shards of porcelain scattered across the floor, but she seemed numb to the pain, kicking wildly and yelling in rage. Her voice didn't even
sound human anymore; it was more like the primal roar of an animal pushed to its limits.
The room was a total wreck by the time she collapsed among the debris, feeling both pain and utter helplessness. The doorbell rang, but she didn't dare open it, terrified it was the press, drawn by the scent of scandal. She even backed away in fear, her eyes wide with
panic.
Then, a familiar voice came from outside. "Alivia, it's me."
Jaired!
A spark of hope flickered in Alivia's eyes, but seeing the state of the room, she froze as she tried to get up, a cry escaping her lips. Outside, Jaired sighed and lit a cigarette. "Heard Brielle took a tumble down the cliff and hasn't woken up yet." As soon as the words left his mouth, Alivia yanked the door open, glaring at him with pure resentment. "Is she dead?"
Jaired took a drag of his cigarette, a slight curve to his lips. "Not dead, but she might never wake up."
Joy erupted on Alivia's face. "That bitch! She got what she deserved! I hope she's gone for good!"
Her face twisted in malice. As she looked down, a murderous intent filled her eyes. Was there a way to ensure Brielle would never wake up? "Jaired, can you help me find a way? I want Brielle to stay asleep forever. Please, I'll do anything you ask, okay?"
Jaired had been smitten with her for years; surely he'd do anything for her. Saying this, she shed her clothes, looking deeply into Jaired's eyes. He looked down, tracing a finger along her porcelain skin. Goosebumps erupted on Alivia's body; she bit her lip, her eyes bloodshot. "Just make it happen, and I'll do whatever you want."
Jaired smiled but didn't dress her. Instead, he asked, "Has Kenzo reached out to you?"
With such a scandal rocking the Barnes family, Kenzo's phone was off. No one knew where he had
vanished to, maybe off to some
quiet place to write a script, as heet
had done before. The Barnes family's troubles wouldn't affect Kenzo much; it was more a cause for sighs than anything. After all, with or without the Barnes family, nothing could detract from his status as a top-notch screenwriter. 
Humiliation washed over Alivia; she had undressed, yet he hadn't pounced. Was she so cheap that even Jaired scorned her, just as Max had? Confusion took hold, her complexion turned deathly pale the last bit of color draining from her face. Clutching her clothes, tears began to fall in earnest, and she couldn't utter a word. Why did Brielle get Max's love when she ended up with nothing? She couldn't bear it. 
"Alivia, why the tears?" Jaired's face was amused as he cupped her chin, a grin in his eyes. "Think I'm rejecting you? I have particular tastes in bed; are you sure you can handle them?"
"I can! As long as you help me!"
Jaired chuckled, releasing her chin. He stepped back, the smile vanishing from his face. "Really? Because I enjoy watching you with others. The louder you scream, the more excited I get. Can you deal with that?"
Alivia's legs gave way, and she sank to her knees. It must have been a bad dream. The Jaired who loved her so couldn't possibly say such things! Her lips quivered, and all she saw were Jaired's polished shoes, his demeanor still noble and assured, born of a distinguished lineage, a privileged son of the establishment. Impossible. Where had he learned these perverse tastes?
Jaired slowly knelt down, patting her face gently. "Come back when you're ready."
"Jaired..."
He frowned, helping her to her feet. "Let's continue talking about Kenzo."
As if that exchange was nothing more than a trivial interlude. Alivia felt a chill, longing to flee, but where could she go? Anywhere there were people, there would be scorn for her. Her tears flowed again, and she felt despair. Was this karmic retribution for her past manipulation of Tessa against Aubree? No! She refused to believe in fate! Even if it cost her everything, she was determined to see Brielle pay. 
###Chapter 795
Her face was a mess of distress, a far cry from the poised, high-and-mighty demeanor she once had. Desperately gripping Jaired's sleeve, Alivia was a shadow of the woman who always held her head high. "Do you want to see who I'd sleep with?" she spat out, the words crude and out of place, like they belonged to someone else entirely. Was this the same Alivia everyone admired?
Jaired raised an eyebrow, a soft chuckle escaping his lips as he leaned in closer. "You're agreeing to this?"
Alivia's eyes shut tight, trembling. She felt every ounce of her dignity being stomped into the ground. She didn't feel human anymore; she felt like she was nothing but a harlot, a loose woman.
Tears welled up in her eyes; she never imagined she'd sink this low. "Yes! I agree! As long as you help me take down Brielle! Do whatever you want! I want that witch dead!"
"Don't worry," Jaired assured her, "I'll make it happen."
Alivia burst into tears again, her legs giving out underneath her. What had she become? An absolute disgrace!
She was consumed by hatred-hatred for Brielle, and for Max. She vowed to bring down those deceitful lovers!
Meanwhile, Brielle lay unconscious, completely unaware of the chaos unfolding outside.
The sudden blare of medical monitors jolted Max into action; he frantically pressed the call button as doctors rushed in and whisked Brielle away for emergency treatment. Overnight, her condition had taken a turn for the worse.
Max sat on the cold hospital corridor floor, his hands trembling. He leaned his head against the wall, his Adam's apple bobbing with each swallow. He pulled out a cigarette and lit it—a forbidden act in the hospital, yet no one dared to tell him off. The bloodshot eyes and his air of desperation were enough to keep people at bay.
He was running on fumes, clinging to a sliver of hope that kept him going. But he knew that if that hope vanished, he'd fall apart completely.
When Brielle was wheeled out the next morning, it was already dawn. Max felt like his feet were made of lead, barely able to move.
Back in the room, the doctor removed his mask and delivered the grim news. "Max, Ms. Brielle's head injury is severe. We've tried twice, but if luck isn't on our side, Ms. Brielle may never wake up. And if she does, there could be complications, like memory loss." Max looked up, his voice hoarse, "Are you saying she might have amnesia?"
The doctor frowned, "It's a possibility."
Max
hoed a bitter laugh, his gaze
falling
het
Brielle's still form in the
bed. If she dared forget him, he'd throttle her himself. 
The doctor, sensing the tension, made a quick exit.
Patrick arrived at noon with fresh clothes and a razor for Max, who had been keeping vigil. Despite his efforts, the redness in Max's eyes wouldn't fade, not even witho
constant eye drops. 
After a shower, Max threw his suit in the trash and approached Brielle's bedside, this time with a mix of resentment and anger.
How convenient for her, to toss him aside and then end up in this state, possibly forgetting him completely.
He yanked back the covers and shook her shoulder. "Brielle, wake up," he pleaded.
But Brielle remained motionless.
Max was startled by his own loss of control. He gently replaced the blanket and felt his eyes sting with tears. "You better not forget me, you hear?" he growled, cursing himself for even thinking of using fout language-a far cry from his usual self-discipline. 
Overwhelmed with anger, he wanted to lash out at her, to strangle her for causing him this pain.
Taking a deep breath, Max slumped in the chair beside her bed, once again taking her hand and pressing it against his cheek.
Unbeknownst to him, Brielle's fingertips brushed against something wet. They twitched involuntarily.
Max's lashes quivered as he lifted his gaze to her.
Her eyes slowly opened, staring blankly at the ceiling above.
###Chapter 796
Max felt a shiver run down his spine as he watched Brielle's eyelids flutter open for a few fleeting seconds before closing again. It was almost as if the brief awakening had been an illusion. "Doc, she opened her eyes!" he called out, urgency laced in his voice.
The doctor rushed in, quickly checking the monitors and Brielle's vitals. His tense brow relaxed slightly. "As long as Ms. Brielle has woken up once, she's likely to do so again," he reassured. "But we can't rule out the possibility of complications, so..." Max nodded, his face stoic. A quiet "hm" was all he managed to say before falling silent.
After the doctor left, Max headed to the bathroom. He meticulously shaved, making sure every hair was in place. Then, he returned to Brielle's side, patiently waiting for her to wake up again.
By evening, Brielle's eyes opened once more, this time staying open as she blinked slowly. Her entire body ached, especially her head, which throbbed relentlessly.
She raised her hand to rub her temple but was stopped by a firm grip. "Don't move," a familiar voice instructed.
Hearing the voice, Brielle froze. She slowly lowered her hand and stared blankly at the ceiling, saying nothing.
For the next two days, the doctor came and went, peppering Brielle with questions. But she remained tight-lipped.
Eventually, the doctor pulled Max aside in the hallway. "She should be fine now. You can start the discharge process," he advised.
Max glanced through the small window in the door, noticing Brielle gazing out of the window, lost in thought. He followed the doctor to complete the discharge paperwork. But when he returned to Brielle's room, it was empty. She had left without a word, taking her phone, which he had cleaned multiple times after it got stained with blood.
Gripping the bag of medications, Max's hand tightened, a shadow crossing his eyes. A dangerous thought flashed through his mind: she was more manageable when bedridden.
The doctor, standing behind him, had witnessed the mercurial nature of the CEO of Dorsey International over the past few days. Now, an icy chill seemed to emanate from Max, as though the ground beneath him had frosted over.
Without a word, Max signaled for Patrick to pick him up. As he was about to get into the car, he cast a lingering glance into the distance before settling into the silence of the vehicle.
Patrick had meant to ask about Ms. Brielle, but the look on Max's face stopped him cold.
Max's emotions burrowed deeper, and he seemed colder than ever, like a sharp sword sheathed and hidden away.
The car was quiet, save for the occasional cough from Max. He turned to look outside, his eyes bloodshot from days without rest.
Fury seared through his soul and heart. If inflicting pain was a talent, then Brielle was indeed gifted.
When Brielle slid into the car Aubree had driven over, her head was pounding so fiercely it was hard to think.
Her external injuries may have healed, but the potential for complications the doctor mentioned was still a reality.
Aubree glanced at her through the rearview mirror, her brow furrowed with concern. "What's going
How did you end up in the ital
all of a sudden?" 
"Bri, do you have any idea what's happening out there? It's chaos. Alivia and Kenzo aren't even from the Barnes family. The Barnes clan has really lost face this time. And Max, Can you believe Dorsey International released that
hove
statement? It turned Alivia from society's darling to a pariah overnight." 
Brielle lifted a hand to her forehead, sensing new memories flickering in her mind like sparks, but the pain was too intense. Sweat beaded on her brow as she clenched her lips shut, tilting her head back in a vain attempt to ease the pain.
Once they arrived at Pearl Estate, Aubree brought her a glass of water and asked, "What about Max? Hasn't he been looking after you these past few days?" 
Brielle's hand froze, her fingers curling.
Yes, he had been looking after her.
Seeing his tired eyes and gaunt face, she couldn't bring herself to say a word.
The weight of Michael's expectations still pressed down on her, leaving her afraid to make a move.
As Aubree said, she had to endure.
She hoped their paths would be clear of obstacles, blooming with flowers, so she knew she had to face and resolve the troubles at hand. She picked up her phone and checked the news online.
Alivia's lineage had been exposed, and with the official statement from Dorsey International, Michael must be fuming.
And Max, still waiting at the hospital, had evidently been ignoring the outside world's commotion, unreachable by Michael.
Brielle took a sip of water, trying to ignore the throbbing in her head, and began to piece together the scattered clues.
###Chapter 797
Aubree noticed Brielle deep in thought and couldn't help but break the silence.
"Did you even let Mr. Dorsey know you were leaving? Did you just sneak out of the hospital?"
Brielle's eyelashes flickered, her lips pressed into a tight line, and she took a sip of water to mask her discomfort.
After all, she couldn't go against her feelings again, couldn't say something that would hurt him. That would be more painful than a knife to her own heart. Better to be a coward, at least for now.
In less than two minutes, she had pieced together all the clues. Max, to avoid any entanglement with the Barnes family, had orchestrated the release of two bombshell pieces of news. This meant Max had been aware of Alivia and Kenzo's true identities all along and almost certainly knew that he wasn't a Dorsey by blood. But the years of care from Martha were undeniable. Besides, Victoria had mentioned that there had been a time when Martha had doctors visiting Max repeatedly, so whatever Max had endured during that period remained a mystery. It was understandable that, in recognition of those years of companionship, Max had arranged for Martha to be looked after in a nursing home as a form of repayment.
Brielle's fingers tightened. Did Max know his true identity? Or did Michael know Max's real lineage? If he did, why would he let Max assume the position of heir to the Dorsey family? If not, what would Max face when the truth came out?
Too many puzzles. Brielle pulled out her phone and first dialed Kenzo's number. Among Max's circle, Kenzo seemed the most approachable. Maybe he knew something. Kenzo's phone was off. Brielle frowned. Senior Jin must have holed up somewhere to focus on his scriptwriting, oblivious to the brewing storm. She set the phone down, and Aubree, having ordered her some takeout, reminded her they had a scene to shoot later before she left.
Brielle sat alone on the sofa, the headache making it impossible to think. She opened a drawer and swallowed a painkiller. She had intended to drive to the casino, but halfway there, Dustin's call came through. With Alivia, the youngest Mark, in trouble and Infinity Brilliance as an investor in the research institute, they needed to reconvene back home and, in tandem with the government, find another suitable candidate.
Brielle had thought about asking Dustin for help but hesitated because of his grandmother's predicament. Now that Dustin had reached out, hope sparked in her eyes.
Without hesitation, Brielle arrived at the address by five in the evening. She found the private booth and pushed the door open. Dustin wasn't drinking tonight, just staring blankly at a screen. Brielle mustered a smile.
"Little Brie, come to Tequila Sunset."
"Mr. Lynch."
Dustin usually shunned formal attire, but tonight he was in a sleek black suit. There was no alcohol on the coffee table in front of him, but the scent of spirits clung to him-he'd clearly just come from some social obligation. He rubbed his temples. "I've barely been gone a week, and I can't believe the mess the Barnes family has stirred up."
"Is it troubling you? I heard the institute poured a lot of money into this."
Dustin chuckled, loosening a few buttons for comfort. "Losing money is the least of my worries. It's just that I don't have the time for this."
"How's your grandmother? Is it serious?"
There was a faint shadow under Dustin's eyes as he forced a bitter smile. "It's a heart condition-untreatable."
"Mr. Lynch, you've got to be flexible. If your grandma wants to see her granddaughter so badly, why don't you find someone to temporarily take on the role? As long as you trust this person's character to` cheer up the old lady in her twilight years, her condition might improve, right? That way, you'd have more time to look for your real sister, wouldn't you?" 
vern
Dustin's pupils dilated in shock, his gaze fixing on Brielle. His eyes were full of disbelief, incredulous. His family had been in turmoil over the missing sister, his grandmother gravely ill, his mother retreating from the business world early, and his father maintaining a strained. cheerfulness. Yet, they had never considered finding a stand-in for his sister to lift their grandmother's spirits. Because to them, that familial bond was indelible, and deceiving a family member was out of the question. No matter how rakish Dustin was in the outside world, at home, he was expected to toe the line. 
But with his grandmother's condition worsening, perhaps there was merit in Brielle's suggestion. A glint of possibility flickered in his eyes as he looked at Brielle, as if eyeing prey. Brielle suddenly felt awkward and her headache intensified, prompting her to massage her temples. But Dustin was only entertaining the thought. If he were to find someone, he certainly wouldn't choose a friend. The Lynches had more than their fair share of enemies. Standing in that spotlight, everyone waited for them to fall. The North American social circles were even more intricate than back home. Someone like Brielle, without any significant backing, would only get chewed up and spat out in their world. 
###Chapter 798
Brielle had taken her painkillers, but the sudden stab of pain still managed to sneak up on her, making her break into a light sweat. She needed a moment and made a quick excuse to head to the restroom. After splashing some water on her face, she felt a bit better.
Steeling herself, she re-entered the private dining room and was met with an unexpected sight.
There was Alivia, sporting a baseball cap and mask, clinging to Dustin's arm with a pitiful expression. "Mr. Lynch, you've got to help me. My degree, my grades, they're all legit. I've earned my spot. It can't be that just because I fell for someone, I'm getting tossed aside. Infinity Brilliance is the top investment firm globally. If you don't want to replace me, not even the government can make you."
Brielle stood at the doorway, her cheeks still damp from the water. Seeing the once proud Alivia reduced to begging like this, she couldn't help but smirk a little.
Alivia was clearly desperate, trying to charm Dustin. Her delicate hand was wrapped around his arm, her eyes full of sorrow.
Given Dustin's history with women, there was a chance he might take an interest in Alivia. After all, her beauty was undeniable. She used to carry herself with such confidence, but recent events had shattered her. Now she was grasping at any lifeline she could find. She had reached out to Michael, but he had completely turned his back on her. With the decision to replace Mark, Michael saw Alivia as just as unfit as Brielle to be by Max's side.
Realizing how dire her situation was, Alivia had dropped all pretense. The Barnes family had kicked her out, the academy was looking to expel her, and her former friends were now mocking her through messages.
Her only options now were Jaired and Dustin. Jaired, who seemed so upright, had made an unthinkable proposition. Since she decided to accept it, maybe she could use her "clean slate" to tie Dustin down first.
She had painstakingly found out where Dustin would be that night and had put extra effort into her makeup, looking absolutely stunning.
"Mr. Lynch, we've known each other for a while now. Can't you help me just this once?" Her lips were almost touching Dustin's face.
Brielle knocked on the door frame. "Sorry to interrupt, Ms. Alivia."
The sound of Brielle's voice made Alivia's eyes blaze with hatred. Her lips trembled as she turned to see Brielle, her body shaking with barely contained rage.
If there had been a bottle of wine on the table, she would've smashed it over Brielle's head. That bitch had woken up! How could she be so lucky?
Unable to hold back any longer, Alivia, as disheveled as she was, was filled with loathing for Brielle. "Bitch! How dare you show your face here?!" She no longer cared about Dustin. Stomping in her high heels towards Brielle, she raised her hand to slap her.
But Brielle caught her wrist before the slap landed. With a swift motion, Brielle slapped her back and closed the door to the private room. "Smack!"
The force of the slap sent Alivia reeling, and she tumbled onto the couch. Brielle recalled the news she had seen about Alivia drugging Max, and that too during Martha's wake.
"Ms. Alivia, drugging Max at your
own mother's wake, don't you think
that's a particularly despicable
move? You keep saying you love et
Max, but is that really love? It's coercion, possessiveness. You're in love with yourself, with your own vanity!" 
"Shut up! Just shut up! Brielle, you whore! What do you know! I've known Max for years. If you hadn't shown up, he would've married me! Why don't you just die? If you were dead, Max would be mine!" 
Blood stained Alivia's mouth as she glared at Brielle, struggling to reach for her hair.
Brielle turned to Dustin, who was sitting across the room, and said calmly, "Mr. Lynch, things might get a bit gruesome. You might want to look away." Obediently, Dustin averted his gaze as the sounds of slaps echoed in the room.
"Alivia, let me tell you, Max is mine," t me tell Brielle declared with each slap. "That slap is for the dirty tricks you played on him, this one for stirring Tessa against Aubree, and the third for showing up tonight to disgust me." 
QUMS
"Whimpering, you bitch, you bitch!" Alivia's cries were drowned out by the sound of Brielle's retribution.
###Chapter 799
Alivia was sobbing uncontrollably, her lips bleeding from biting them so hard in frustration.
It was her own fault. She should have known better than to mess with Brielle, who had a reputation for her mean right hook. In her anger, she had made a spectacle of herself.
Her eyes darted to Dustin, praying he'd come to her aid. After all, they had been acquaintances for some time, and she was sure he wasn't close with Brielle. Finally, Dustin stood up and walked over.
Alivia reached out, expecting him to lift her to her feet.
But Dustin did nothing of the sort. Instead, he simply grabbed Brielle's wrist.
"If you keep this up, the bouncers will be all over us in a minute," he warned.
Right on cue, the manager of Tequila Sunset barreled through the door. Dustin pulled Brielle behind him and offered a sheepish smile.
"Ms. Alivia's had a bit too much to drink. Let's help her out, shall we?"
The staff at Tequila Sunset knew Dustin well-his generous tipping meant that the manager hurried over to assist Alivia with utmost politeness.
"Ms. Alivia, are you alright?"
Alivia's face was a map of red handprints, and she stared at Dustin in disbelief.
He gave her a small smile. "As for the new appointment at the institute, the government will decide. I'd rather not get too involved. It's no use coming to me, Ms. Alivia." Biting her lip so hard it might bleed again, Alivia glared hatefully at Brielle.
She had underestimated Brielle, who seemed to have some sort of connection with Dustin.
The word 'traitor' seemed too mild for what she felt.
Each breath was agony as she was helped to her feet.
Patrons of the bar quickly recognized her.
"Isn't that Alivia? Who on earth slapped her like that?"
"She must be one of Max's admirers, right? She went too far this time."
"Tsk, who would've thought Alivia would be brought low like this? I heard Mark got demoted too."
"Don't be too harsh. The Riddle family hasn't said a word yet. Everyone knows he has a soft spot for Alivia. Maybe he's just waiting for the chance to play the hero."
Shivering with humiliation and barely able to stand, Alivia's tears flowed freely. As she left Tequila Sunset, she leaned against a nearby tree for support and spat out a mouthful of blood. She was consumed by hate.
Quickly donning her hat and mask, she was desperate not to be recognized and become the butt of the town's jokes.
Perched on a two-meter wall, a woman was casually chewing gum, watching Alivia's misery unfold with a hint of schadenfreude in her voice.
"Ms. Alivia, trying to snag Dustin?
Don't you know? Dustin might be a
player, but the women he beds aren't just any street corner finds. Ninety-nine percent of them are devoted to him, like concubines palace waiting for his favor. He rarely invites trouble for himself; he only beds those he can dismiss with cash. For those he can't, he doesn't give them the time of day. You might as well wear a sign with your intentions-no way he'd go for someone as transparent as you." 
"Who are you calling a street corner find? Me?"
She was Alivia, for heaven's sake. Men lined up just to be seen with her in the social circles of Beaconsfield. Dustin's disinterest was simply due to his lack of courage.
Annie just laughed and hopped off
the wall. "This is why I can't stand dealing with you. You've been pampered since birth and think the world revolves around you. Losing to Brielle is fitting, really. Brielle has clawed her way up from nothing-throw a rock at her head and she'll still climb higher. But you? You can't handle the climb."
Annie patted Alivia's swollen cheek. "Drop the princess act, Ms. Alivia. No one in our circle wants to marry you now. They're all laughing at you."
"Annie! I hired you to take out Brielle, and you failed. What right do you have to mock me? Some organization you are-I bet you and your backers are all useless!" Annie's eyes darkened, and with a swift kick, she knocked Alivia to the ground.
Alivia struggled, but it was futile.
Annie stepped on her face, and the pain brought fresh tears.
"Murray's dead, killed by Brielle. I'll keep going after her, but you better not act all high and mighty with me. Right now, you're nothing."
The malice in Annie's eyes was clear
as day; she was a hair's breadth
away from crushing Alivia's face beneath her boot. But she restrained herself, sneering, “Alivia, you're not completely out of options. Better cozy up to your Jaired. Though, that man gives me the creeps. Good luck with that." 
After Annie left, Alivia lay there for what felt like an eternity, drowning in humiliation. Finally, she got up and called Jaired.
She couldn't take it anymore. Brielle had to pay!
It was all Brielle's fault she was in ruins. Even if it cost her everything, Alivia would make Brielle regret ever crossing her.
###Chapter 800
In the cozy, dimly lit booth, Brielle rubbed her temples, trying to clear her head. Dustin Lynch, after finishing his chat with the manager, closed the door behind him.
"Little Brie, if you're still into Max, why'd you break it off with him?" he asked, leaning casually against the polished mahogany bar.
Brielle sank into the plush sofa and recounted the whole saga involving the Fox family. Dustin's eyes narrowed as he listened, his voice taking on a more serious tone.
"So, you're saying you're neither a Haywood nor a Fox, and someone's been messing with your DNA tests?" he asked.
"Yeah. In my memories, a girl with the last name Monty died in a fire because of me. I owe her my life, so I can't let James get into trouble," Brielle explained.
Dustin reached out, gently tousling her hair and secretly winding a strand around his finger. "Little Brie, being cautious is smart, but to keep James safe, maybe you should think about sending them out of the country."
Brielle lowered her lashes. "It's not just about James. It could be Aubree or anyone from Stellar Stage Entertainment."
The more people she cared about, the more vulnerabilities she had. Was she supposed to break up every time she felt threatened? At the root of it all, she felt too weak.
Dustin's phone buzzed with a message, prompting a slight smirk. "I get it. Michael hates you so much that he'd use any leverage over you to hurt Max if he sees you two getting close."
"Yes, I always feel like he has an ace up his sleeve that could hurt Max."
That was the real crux of the matter. The Dorsey family had been standing tall in Beaconsfield for years, and Michael had watched the Barnes family empire fall without uttering a word. No one knew what he was plotting, and with Max's true identity being a mystery, Brielle's head was spinning with where to even begin the search. The police hadn't made any headway in identifying the man who was burned to death either.
"Mr. Lynch, do you think someone's entire file could be swapped out? Completely erasing one person's data and replacing it with their own, DNA and all?"
"That sort of identity trade does happen, both in North America and back home. Underground casinos deal in it, but the bosses rarely do such favors. It's called 'buying an identity.' Once you've bought it, the casino handles the dark ops, and you can go anywhere with this new identity," Dustin explained.
"But wouldn't friends and family suspect something?" Brielle asked.
"That's why the identity you buy has to be someone with no kin. No one to call them out."
Brielle's eyes narrowed as she contemplated the gravity of the situation. "If you suspect someone close to you has switched identities, think about whether they're all alone in the world. Even if they're not who they used to be, no one will doubt it. And the man you found wasn't a minor; he was an adult, so his identity must not have been
swapped in childhood."
Each of Dustin's points made sense. He stood up slowly, offering her a reassuring smile. "I've got some urgent stuff to deal with, but you take your time thinking it over. If you need my help, just give me a call, okay?"
Brielle nodded, her mind racing with
suspects but unwilling to accept the truth, her fingertips trembling and lips quivering with the weight of realization. Parentless, friendless, identity changed in adulthood. All signs pointed to one person 
With a heavy heart, Brielle stood to leave. But as she turned the corridor, a hand suddenly grasped her wrist and a pair of lips claimed hers. The familiar scent of Romanée-Conti filled her senses, a luxury she had
seen only in Premier Palace.
She tried to speak, to push away, but her hands were pinned behind her, her back against the cold wall, legs trembling. "Stop, Max," her voice broke, her mind foggy with pain.
The kiss deepened until there was no room for protest. A dim light flickered on, and he pinned her beneath him, biting gently at her fingertips.
"What were you and Dustin talking about?" Max asked, his breath warm against her ear.
Brielle was still reeling from the encounter, her voice choked. "Noth—"
Before she could finish, the room's screen lit up with the surveillance footage, highlighting her defiant proclamation-Max, he's mine!
"Brielle, you're always so contradictory," Max whispered, his breath warm against her ear.
Silenced, Brielle gazed at the monitor through misty eyes. Whoever said there were no cameras in the booths on Tequila Thursday had clearly lied.
###Chapter 801
**Max Dorsey had rigged the equipment himself.**
Brielle was stunned into silence, feeling the sting as if she were the one who had been slapped, not Alivia.
"Liar," Max spat, kneeling down to punish her again.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes. After what felt like forever, she watched as Max stood up, his desires now in disarray. Seeing this usually composed man lose control left her defenses shattered; she had already surrendered. She was about to speak when his fingertip slipped into her mouth, pinching the tip of her tongue. "Don't talk; I won't like what you have to say."
Her eyes, still glistening from the tears, met his. Unable to utter a word, she could only stare. Max ignored her silence and bent down to kiss away the moisture from her lips before moving on to his main course. With Max, Brielle never spoke her truth. It was best to keep her mouth shut.
As they were winding down, Brielle was so exhausted she could barely keep her eyes open. Considering she had just been discharged from the hospital, Max held back, scooping her into his arms and preparing to leave. All the surveillance along the route had been disabled. He got into the car, holding her close.
Patrick was driving, mulling things over before deciding to spill the beans. "There are a bunch of new cameras around Pearl Estate, probably put up by the old man to keep tabs on you and Ms. Brielle," he said. "We've dealt with the ones around Premier Palace. Since you haven't been answering your phone, the old man's getting aggressive."
"Hmm, is James' family taken care of?" Max asked.
"They've been secretly moved out of the country with thirty million bucks. They're in a scenic, safe place, and the old man won't be able to find them."
Max looked down and patted Brielle's cheek. "Did you hear that?"
Brielle, eyes closed, kept pretending to sleep.
Max chuckled, a bit exasperated, his eyes reddening slightly. He pressed his lips together and gently put her down outside the car. "Brielle, do you really think I'm invincible?"
Her feet had barely touched the ground when she "woke up." Sweat beaded on her forehead; she didn't dare look at him through the car window.
Inside, Max reached over and pressed her head down for a forceful kiss. "How about we keep this quiet, just between us? Deal?"
If she refused again, he'd lock her away in Premier Palace right then and there, since her mouth always seemed to speak in contradictions.
Brielle's legs were unsteady, her voice hoarse. Max braced for another sharp retort, but instead, she opened the car door and climbed back in. "Patrick, could you step out for a moment, please?" she asked, her voice raspy and cheeks flushed.
Patrick didn't dare refuse and scampered off faster than anyone.
Max frowned, wondering what trick she was about to pull-was it a breakup, or a declaration of dislike? But a second later, the car windows rolled up. Her fingers went this belt, unbuckling it. FindNovel
Standing at a distance, Patrick's mind raced with possible scenarios: the car shaking, a hand pressed against the window...
But there was nothing. Only silence from the car.
He waited patiently, lighting a cigarette. Though Max smoked, he didn't actually like the smell, so as his assistant, Patrick smoked even less. But with the stress of Brielle's hospitalization and Max's foul mood, he felt like he was constantly in the presence of a chilling air conditioner. Now that the two seemed to be reconciling, he wanted to set off fireworks. 
Inside the car, Max held Brielle's hair between his fingers, the scent of her shampoo intoxicating. He tilted his head back, his Adam's apple bobbing. Deadly. This vindictive little woman. Half an hour later, Brielle stepped out of the car, wiping her lips. Through the window, Max watched her, a red-hot sting in his gaze.
Brielle tucked her hair behind her ear, licked her lips, and stared at him without a word.
Max suddenly laughed, handing her the gun she had lost. Brielle took it, her voice rough, "There's a problem with Mark's identity."
The only person who could be
replaced without suspicion, with no
friends or family to notice, was Mark. And the other deceased woman was Mark's wife, making it even more likely that the dead man was indeed Mark. 
###Chapter 802
Max nodded, his eyes lingering on her lips before he chuckled softly. "Still got a headache?" Brielle, a bit slow to catch on, looked away, feeling a tinge of embarrassment. "You should go." "Will you reach out to me?"
"Yeah."
A small smile played on Max's lips as he extended a finger. "Keep it on the down-low?"
Standing by the window, Brielle hooked her pinkie with his. "Yeah."
Max withdrew his hand, feeling as if a weight had been lifted off his chest.
Brielle stayed put, watching the car slowly drive away. It took a moment for her to snap back to reality, patting her cheeks gently. She hadn't met anyone easier to cheer up than Max.
As Patrick drove, he glanced at Max through the rearview mirror. Max's eyes had a certain glow, and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.
Patrick sighed in relief. Had Max really been cheered up?
Patrick couldn't help but smile himself. People often said Max was just a businessman, indifferent to emotions. But Patrick always thought that was exactly why Max didn't overthink things like other men, who saw showing vulnerability as a sign of weakness.
To harvest flowers, you need to plant seeds. If you plant cacti, you'll only get thorns. In a relationship, if both people just try to conquer and control, neither will be happy. Love needs vulnerability, a desire to protect, and an eagerness to please.
Few can handle the madness of love, let alone the constraints imposed by society. But Max didn't care about any of that, so he was always the first to show vulnerability.
Brielle was still standing there, her heart racing. Only when the car was out of sight did she lean against a nearby tree, her legs trembling from standing too long. Her cheeks were flushed red.
Meanwhile, Dustin Lynch got into his car, looking at the strand of hair wrapped around his finger, his expression unreadable.
After a moment, he handed the hair to the person next to him. "Get a DNA test done, compare it with my dad's."
The person, shrouded in shadows, took the hair respectfully and nodded.
Dustin tapped his fingertips lightly
on the window frame, his eyes
under your watch. Nol
sharp. Keep the whole procesenet
The shadowy figure nodded and made a gesture, assuring Dustin of his compliance.
Dustin's lips curved into a smile, but his eyes were ruthless. "Check up on Mark."
His companion nodded again and started sending messages.
Dustin chuckled softly, a fierce look in his eyes. "Beaconsfield, quite the interesting place."
The car was filled with a chill, but neither the driver nor the person next to Dustin dared to speak.
Dustin looked at the spot on his finger
twistingere the hair had been, it slightly. "Dummy, hop
many years have you been with me?" 
The person next to him, his face marred by ugly scars, began to sign with his hands.
Dustin leaned back, his arms casually crossed. "Replace everyone I've sent to Beaconsfield, except you."
The other man nodded, quickly relaying the orders.
Dustin gazed out the window, his expression growing colder. If Brielle really was his sister, what had he missed all these years?
A Mark who had been by her side for
so many years, someone who could tamper with DNA results, and even more people influencing her fate. 
swn y
Dustin's fists slowly clenched, the relaxed demeanor on his face fading away.
###Chapter 803
In a quiet corner of Beaconsfield, Annie played with her switchblade, her eyes fixed on the film crew in the distance. She waited until they had all dispersed before leaping down and wrapping her arms around Ricardo.
"Ricardo," she murmured.
Ricardo frowned, trying to push her away, but his resolve melted when she said, "Murray's gone, he's..." Her voice trailed off into sobs.
Annie's tears soaked through the fabric of Ricardo's shirt. He stood frozen for a few seconds before finally pushing her away and asking, "How did it happen?" ""Brielle did it."
Ricardo laughed, half-believing he was hallucinating. "Annie, are you pulling my leg?" Even with some skills, Brielle wouldn't stand a chance against Murray.
"When have I ever lied to you, Ricardo?" She raised her arms and clung to his waist. "Murray caught a bullet from Brielle."
"So, the night you asked me to take out Aubree Clements, you went after Brielle instead?" His voice turned cold, his laughter tinged with bitterness. "Good riddance."
Annie pouted and let go of him. "I messed up, but I was on a job, okay? Don't be mad at me, Ricardo. I'm really torn up about Murray." Her lashes drooped, tears streaming down her face.
Ricardo was about to respond when Annie's phone rang. It was Patrick, calling for a late-night meeting. As his secretary, Annie had to go. She bit her lip, mimicking Brielle's poise as she answered, then popped a piece of candy into her mouth.
"Ricardo, I've got to run. With Murray gone, I've got no one left. Won't you come back?" Without waiting for his response, Annie's gaze lingered on the film set as she chewed her candy fiercely, then said to herself, "Murray, don't you find that Aubree just as grating?"
But the expected reply never came.
She turned to find no one there, a stark reminder that Murray was indeed dead, taken by Brielle. The candy lost its flavor, and in desperation, she reached for another, only to realize she'd run out. Lately, she'd been going through dozens a day, unable to fill the void inside. This new, odd feeling gnawed at her. With a slight pout, she turned and left the scene. 
That day, she had hesitated in her pursuit of Brielle, glancing back at Murray one last time, missing her prime opportunity to strike. Brielle hadn't seen her face, so Annie could still masquerade within Dorsey International. Chewing her candy, Annie walked away with a heavy heart and sighed deeply. Despite numerous losses in the past, Murray had been different. Loyal and always by her side. It seemed she needed to find herself a new companion, to keep the loneliness at bay. Her lips curved into a smile, her eyes regaining their sparkle. 
Meanwhile, Brielle had returned to Pearl Estate and received a message from Max as she lay in bed. The message hinted at inconsistencies in Mark's reported heart attack death, suggesting that someone might have taken Mark's place, faking his own demise to disappear. This revelation could potentially add a new obstacle between Brielle and Max. Piecing together this puzzle would bring clarity to the past and present. 
Brielle bit her lip and sent a message back. I'm sorry. She had been harsh in blaming him for Mark's death, but it was driven by a loathing for the pattern of loss surrounding her. That's why she had so readily given up on her feelings for Max, unwilling to witness any more sacrifices.
You already apologized in the car. Confused at first, Brielle's cheeks flushed crimson as realization dawned.
###Chapter 804
She tossed her phone aside and flopped onto the bed with a sigh. Sleep, however, was nowhere in sight. Tonight, she owed Dustin a big one; he had given her a crucial lead.
As Brielle's mind wandered through the memories of Mark, she realized the signs had always been there. Mark had been involved in all her DNA tests. During her first test with the Haywood family, Mark was right there. The second time, with the Fox family, it was Mark who delivered the results. Having been by her side for so many years, she never doubted him. But what if the Mark she met at the orphanage wasn't Mark at all? What if someone had taken over his identity? The real Mark and his wife had been locked away in a hidden room behind the archives and had perished in the fire.
An unemployed, divorced man with no ties, living on the outskirts in an orphanage, made it all too easy for someone to step into his shoes. But why? What was this imposter's motive? Just to watch her grow up?
Brielle clenched the sheets tightly as the memories from the orphanage flashed vividly-shared hardships, knitting gloves and scarves together. So when the clues pointed to Mark, the pain was unbearable. When she was hungry, Mark encouraged her. When strangers hurled insults and fists, Mark protected her. But now, reality told her it was all an act.
A bitter smile crossed her face as her heart ached with the sting of betrayal. Even his faked death was designed to leave her drowning in guilt. How much must he have hated her? One grand performance, and she had given him her whole heart, as if her entire life was a cruel joke.
A pounding headache forced Brielle to reach for painkillers from her nightstand before she finally drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, a message from Max jolted her awake. The man who had fallen with her had woken up and was now her responsibility-and he was in the same hospital as her. The hospital had ensured secrecy, so even if she visited, no evidence would be left behind.
Last night, Patrick had told her that
Pearl Estate was bristling with surveillance cameras, thanks to Michael. The Barnes family incident had put Michael on high alert, and he would likely be monitoring her and Max's every move for a while. Any misstep would mean danger for those close to her. Michael wouldn't dare touch Max; he'd always go for the easy target. 
Brielle steered her car toward the hospital. Murray had been at death's door but had miraculously survived. However Annie's blade had slashed his vocat cords, leaving him mute, possibly for life. He sat up in bed, his pupils shrinking and lips tightening
When Brielle walked in.
As she drew closer, she noticed the bandages around his chest. The gunshot wound was her doing, but she couldn't recall slicing his neck as the doctors had described. "I'm Brielle. You remember me, right?" she asked.
Murray remained silent, his gaze cold and distant.
She sat down, taking her time. "The cut on your neck wasn't from me. The doctors said it was a dagger. So, after I shot you, someone else stabbed you. Who was it?"
The moment she finished speaking, Murray's hands clenched the blanket, knuckles white and veins bulging. His breathing grew ragged, and he bit his lip hard.
Brielle was about to push him further when she saw tears welling in his eyes, blood trickling down from his bitten lip. It was like watching a caged beast, limbs broken, struggling in silent fury, expressing its sorrow with tears and blood.
When someone's emotions are laid
bare, the message is often overwhelming. In his face, Brielle saw deep resentment and sorrow, as if his neck had been slashed by someone he loved. No, it wasn't just a resemblance-it had to be the truth. A woman had cut his throat, and not just any woman, But the one he loved. 
###Chapter 805
Murray's neck was bulging with veins, and his forehead was slick with sweat. Brielle was genuinely worried that if he kept up this level of distress, the wound in his throat might get even worse. "Look, I advise you to cool it, pal, or that second chance at life you just snagged might slip right through your fingers."
But Murray clearly didn't give a hoot about his own life; he was even trying to rip open the bandages around his neck with his bare hands, eager to tear at the wound. Brielle's pupils narrowed, and she swiftly chopped the back of his neck. Murray passed out, and Brielle immediately called for a doctor.
She'd never seen anyone this hell-bent on self-destruction. Was he trying to rip open his own scar and bleed out? He cared nothing for his own life. Or maybe, because his sweetheart wanted him dead, he was obediently ready to give up his life. Brielle's eyes darkened. This kind of extreme love surely left a trail. This guy probably saw his partner as his entire world.
She got up and left the hospital room to speak with the doctor.
"I want to know where his clothes are. Was there anything in them?"
It was either something given to him by that woman, or something he kept for her.
"Ms. Brielle, his clothes were sent for cleaning. There weren't any peculiar items, just a few pieces of candy. They were water-damaged, so we disposed of them."
Candy? Brielle frowned. Just a few pieces of candy didn't give her much to work with. And judging by the man's current state of mind, he probably wouldn't be willing to share any information.
As she left the hospital, she unexpectedly bumped into Michael, who was accompanied by his butler, entering the hospital. Brielle was on her way out, and there was Michael, on his way in. The doorway was only so wide, leading to an inevitable encounter. Michael's palm rested on a cane, and he seemed fairly robust, just a bit under the weather. Brielle didn't think he looked sick, more likely someone else was ill. And for Michael to personally visit, it must be the Barnes family patriarch. "Brielle."
Michael spoke up, while his butler, carrying a fruit basket, practiced discretion.
"Michael."
Michael gave a wry chuckle, sizing her up.
"Heard you turned Stellar Stage Entertainment into a wholly-owned subsidiary. Not a bad move. Hanging around Max, that's part of the plan, isn't it?" "Michael, got proof?"
With a single retort, Brielle left Michael speechless. After all, it was just speculation. The overseas account that bought the shares at a low price was anonymous.
"If it wasn't you, why would you care so much about Stellar Stage Entertainment? You've got everyone wrapped around your finger."
"That might just be because I'm capable."
"You!"
Michael almost coughed in frustration. His chest heaved, eyes seething with contempt.
"Stay away from Max, Brielle. If I find you sniffing around him, I'll make you regret it. Don't push me to play my trump card."
With that, Michael shot her a chilly glance and walked on. Brielle stood there, silent. She had suspected Michael still had an ace up his sleeve, she just didn't know what it was.
And she hadn't asked Max directly if he knew his real identity; after all this time, he hadn't said a word, so he must have his reasons. Asking might disrupt his plans.
After getting into her car, Brielle still made her way to Stellar Stage Entertainment. She hadn't shown for days, but the company was running smoothly. Only when
asked Donny did she finden sol ne
out
someone had informed them she
was recuperating. 
Besides Max, who else would it be? A warmth spread through Brielle's heart as she settled into her office chair. Seeing her return, Donny lit up, eager to speak.
"Mr. Haywood, we can't delay the matter with that male lead any longer. The director called me this morning asking if we'd secured our lead man. I barely managed to smooth things over and have been waiting for your return." 
Brielle raised a hand to her temple, rubbing away the tension. She'd meant to meet that actor last time but then Martha's incident happened while she was buying a cake, and it
had been hanging ever since 
###Chapter 806
"Mr. Haywood, still feeling under the weather?" Brielle's head throbbed intermittently, likely a lingering effect the doctor had warned her about.
"It's nothing, just a slight delay on my part. My bad," Donny immediately felt a wave of guilt. Ever since Mr. Haywood joined Stellar Stage Entertainment, he had been a standout, and now that he was recuperating, Donny regretted rushing him. Brielle stood up, ready to head out, but her phone rang. It was Aubree, talking about buying a house.
Their current project was wrapping up quicker than expected. Aubree and Ricardo were naturals, and their scenes had flowed smoothly from the start.
As John put it, once the camera started rolling, they became their characters flawlessly.
Aubree's old place was sold, and staying there indefinitely wasn't an option.
Brielle assured Donny, "I'll meet with the celebrity first thing tomorrow morning."
"Good, Mr. Haywood. I trust you. But remember, he's got a temper. If things get heated, make sure to look after yourself." Brielle mulled over his words carefully and nodded.
Aubree had her eye on a property in Pearl Estate, but no homes there were on the market.
"You could always move in with me. My place is big enough," Brielle thought privately.
But Aubree's next comment was unarguable. "I'm not keen on listening to bedroom antics, thanks."
Brielle's face flushed crimson, unable to stammer out a response, while Aubree laughed on the other end.
Two hours later, they settled on a villa in an upscale neighborhood, costing twice as much as Pearl Estate. It was a favorite among Beaconsfield's elite. Considering Aubree's rising star in showbiz and the inevitable paparazzi, a secure place was a smart pick. Without hesitation, Aubree bought the villa, worth nearly a hundred million, and set out to move her things from Andrew's place.
Brielle wanted to help, but a last-minute call from Mason about an urgent meeting held her back. She hurried off to Stellar Stage Entertainment instead.
Aubree spent some time settling into her new villa, ordering furniture, and hiring cleaners. By evening, she drove her shiny new Lamborghini to Andrew's. 
Andrew hadn't been around for days, which suited her just fine.
Aubree had a key to the place. Upon opening the door, she was met with darkness; the curtains were drawn tight, blocking out any light.
Her brow furrowed as she flicked on
the lights. The place was spotless, clearly the work of a cleaning service. When she lived with Andrew, she did all the cleaning. Andrew, the high-and-mighty type, wouldn't even know how to pour detergent into the washing machine. 
She didn't dwell on it, quickly moving to the bedroom. The curtains were shut tight there too. When she opened the wardrobe, everything was neatly arranged. Aubree could clean and cook, but folding clothes was another story. Most of her wardrobe hung on racks, with the
rest piled below. 
The wardrobe was large, mostly occupied by her, while the men in her life rotated through a handful of suits that usually hung unwrinkled.
But something was off. Every item that had been in a pile was now folded with precision.
Raising an eyebrow, she credited the diligent new cleaner.
She opened her suitcase and started packing her clothes. There were too many, filling one suitcase to the brim, yet the wardrobe seemed just as full. After calling a moving company, a team arrived within half an hour with more boxes.
Once her clothes were cleared out, the wardrobe was left bare.
Just as she shut the wardrobe doors and the movers were busy in the living room, a cold male voice echoed.
"Who are you, and what are you doing here?" The tone was chilling, as if it belonged to someone ready to pounce.
###Chapter 807
The staff were clearly startled, snapping to attention with uncertainty written all over their faces.
Aubree sighed, stepping into the doorway of the bedroom.
Andrew must've just come back from some event; his suit still clung to him, a few buttons undone, his tie clutched in his hand, and impatience marked across his face.
But the moment he saw Aubree, his grip on the tie tightened, his throat went dry, and his heart clenched.
Aubree stood there with her arms crossed, looking relaxed but defiant.
"I told them to pack up. It's all my stuff."
Andrew had known this day would come. He lowered his gaze, staying silent.
But his commanding presence made the staff hesitate, looking to Aubree for guidance.
Aubree waved them off. "Go on, pack everything I pointed out."
The movers glanced at Andrew, seeing the hardness in his eyes, their lips trembling.
"Miss Aubree, is this really your house? If the owner-"
Aubree rubbed her temples. "Seriously? Do you need a deed to do your job? What about renters?"
After another look at Andrew, the workers quickly resumed packing.
Andrew stood there like he was choking on his words, unable to move or speak.
After a while, he finally managed, "How much? I'll buy it."
Aubree thought she misheard, her brows knitting together.
Andrew repeated, "How much for these things? I'll pay."
Finding the situation absurd, Aubree said, "A billion dollars, you want them?"
"Fine."
Without hesitation, he pulled out his phone and called his assistant.
"Prepare a check for a billion dollars."
On the other end, the assistant was bewildered; Mr. Clements sounded like he was about to cry.
Realizing he was serious, Aubree's expression darkened. She turned to the stunned staff, "Could you hurry up?"
She then stepped into the bathroom, grabbing her toothbrush and personal items-clearly not planning to leave any trace behind.
In the mirror, she saw another face, and the bathroom door clicked shut and locked.
"Aubree,"
He wrapped his arms tightly around her from behind.
Aubree felt a chill on her neck but couldn't understand why Andrew was so upset.
How many years had she followed him? Over a decade, surely.
His happiness was her happiness. When he even slightly frowned, her heart shattered.
From the day the Clements family took her in, she had loved him.
Every step since had been painful, and he had always been noncommittal, unresponsive. Had Andrew ever celebrated her birthday? No.
Her birthday was too close to Tessa Rowland's, sometimes even on the same day.
So he
Aubreys with Tessa, and.
reheat the dinner she
prepared, thinking he'd come back.
1het
Aubree looked at her reflection in
mirror, enveloped in his
almost merging into him.
by to en.FindNovel yel.ne
She felt wronged; Andrew had bought her a cake, but it had Tessa's name on it.
She forced a smile, trying to push him away.
"Aubree,"
Andrew's voice cracked, holding her tighter.
Aubree felt the resentment in her chest finally explode.
"Enough!"
She shoved him away and turned to gather her things in the bathroom.
Andrew staggered back, hitting the cold wall, accidentally turning on the cold faucet.
Early spring was still chilly, and the cold water made Aubree shiver.
Andrew, drenched himself, quickly turned off the tap, grabbing a towel to cover her.
"Get out, change your clothes."
Outside, the movers had finished packing, watching the two emerge soaked, too scared to speak.
Aubree sent the address to the foreman's phone.
"Please deliver my luggage here and have the property manager hold on to it."
She grabbed a fresh set of clothes
from a
wet clothes into the tranet
dex, went back into the
bathroom, changed, and tossed the
When she came out, Andrew was still waiting in his wet clothes, water dripping from his hair.
Aubree didn't linger, stepping away to leave, but he followed her.
Aubree stopped, frustration boiling inside her.
"I'll take you."
"No need, I drove. Here's your house key, I'm returning it."
She tried to keep her voice steady as she handed him the key.
Andrew's eyes reddened instantly, but he didn't take it.
###Chapter 808
Aubree frowned, resisting the childish urge to toss her keys on the floor. Instead, she re-entered the house and placed them neatly in the hallway drawer. "Well, I'm leaving now," she said.
Andrew remained silent, following her outside as if in denial.
Aubree stopped in her tracks, a bitter taste in her mouth. What was she doing? When she loved him, she bent over backwards to please him, ready to give him her heart on a silver platter, and he barely gave her the time of day. Now, filled with enough disappointment to walk away, he seemed to be showing signs of reluctance. Is this human nature, to desire what's slipping away?
She reached for her car door, but his hoarse voice stopped her. "Aubree, I love you," he said.
Her foot paused mid-air, her whole body stiffened. She turned around in disbelief, half-convinced she was hallucinating. Andrew stood there, eyes red, mistaking her pause for a sign of softening, his tone growing more desperate. "Really, I—"
But before he could finish, his cheek was met with a stinging slap. Aubree's hand trembled, tears threatening to spill from the sheer anger. She could hardly believe Andrew would stoop so low to keep someone. Love? How dare he utter such a word. "Andrew, you're such a jerk."
His head reeled from the slap, and hearing her words, he just lowered his lashes and muttered a subdued "Yeah." But his resigned attitude didn't bring Aubree any satisfaction; it only tightened the knot in her chest. Her eyes welled up, her nose tingling, fearing that if she stayed any longer, her resolve would crumble.
Her car door stood open, and she wanted to get in, but her phone chose that moment to ring-it was a call from the Clements family.
The Clements were not the sort to remember her often, sometimes not even on major occasions, and certainly not for something as significant as shares in the family business. Marissa had always disliked her, and Aubree couldn't fathom why she would suddenly bestow shares upon her. Aubree was never one for airs and graces; turning down a fortune just wasn't her style. Why play the martyr when it only led to personal suffering?
"Aunt Marissa, what's up?" she answered.
Marissa's voice came through cool and detached, "Ask Andrew where he's hidden Tessa. She's his wife, after all, and he shouldn't be reckless."
Aubree looked up at Andrew, no longer hiding anything. "Mom wants to know where you've hidden Tessa?"
Andrew snatched the phone from
е
her hand. Marissa, sensing the change in speaker, began to scoff. "Don't you dare drag the Clements name through the mud. Do you want us to be the laughingstock of the social circle like the Rowland clan or the Barnes family? Andrew, you agreed to this marriage. It was your choice. Why are you still entangled with Aubree? How do you think she views you?" 
Andrew didn't answer her last question, but he did respond to the first. "Tessa is fine."
Marissa could guess he had confined Tessa somewhere, frustration simmering in her tone. "I won't agree to a divorce. You better get that idea out of your head."
Without a word, Andrew hung up the phone and handed it back to Aubree. Feeling agitated, Aubree bent to get into her car, and this time, Andrew didn't stop her. He watched the car drive away, standing motionless until the warmth drained from his body before returning to his room.
As soon as Aubree's belongings
were gone, the room seemed to double in size and the air changed. He lingered at the doorway before stepping into the bathroom to retrieve the clothes Aubree had throw in the trash. He placed them on the washstand, poured some detergent, and rubbed them clean with unpracticed hands. The clothes were washed but not machine-dried; he still hadn't mastered that. After hanging them up, water began to drip from the fabric. 
Andrew was still damp himself, but he was oblivious, slightly intoxicated, feeling dizzy. He slumped onto the sofa, leaning back with closed eyes, At two in the morning, just as he was dozing off, his phone rang with news that Tessa had escaped.
Andrew woke with a jolt, his
expression grim. "Can't you keep
tabs on one woman? Where did she go?" 
The voice on the other end spoke of ongoing searches, and Andrew cursed, "Useless!"
###Chapter 809
Tessa had been locked up for days, not a single glimpse of Andrew, and it was driving her insane.
When she finally managed to escape, she hopped into a cab and headed straight to Alivia's place. She had no clue about the chaos that had hit the Barnes family, so Alivia was the only ally she could think of. Alivia opened the door to find Tessa looking like a complete mess. Annoyance flickered across her face. But to Tessa, Alivia was a lifeline, and she looked ready to drop to her knees and beg. "Alivia, you have to help me this time."
Alivia, barely keeping it together herself, was about to refuse when she saw the fierce determination in Tessa's eyes.
"I'm going to make Aubree pay. That witch must've filled Andrew's head with lies. I'll see her dead!"
A serious look crossed Alivia's face. Aubree's death would hit Brielle hard too. Maybe there was a way to use Tessa one more time. After all, she'd walked right into her hands. Once inside, Tessa hugged her knees tight, her whole body shaking. She had this gut feeling that if she hadn't escaped, Andrew might've locked her away forever-all for Aubree!
Alivia had gotten all dolled up for the night, a spritz of perfume here, a glamorous outfit there. She scribbled an address on a piece of paper and handed it to Tessa.
"Wait for me here. I've got something to do tonight. I'll tell you the plan when I'm done."
Tessa took the address, her eyes pleading. "Promise you'll come for me, Alivia. You're my best friend."
Alivia rolled her eyes. If Tessa knew Alivia was down to her last dime, she'd probably bolt faster than anyone. This world was brutally real, and Alivia had learned that the hard way in just a few days.
As Tessa stepped out, she nearly bumped into a tall man-Jaired. Her eyes widened in fear, and she quickly pulled her hat down and fled.
Jaired, cheeks flushed from the drinks he'd shared with Andrew earlier, had decided on a whim to drop by for some fun. He hadn't expected to see Tessa-wasn't she supposed to be locked up?
Curiosity piqued, he was about to call Andrew when Alivia pulled him inside. She kissed him, her perfume wrapping around them both. She'd even treated herself to a spa session that afternoon, all for his visit.
In the past, she wouldn't have stooped to such desperate measures, but now she had no choice. Jaired's words from their last encounter still echoed in her mind. She had to change his opinion, or he might actually make her perform like some circus act in front of other men.
Jaired pushed her away, his gaze a bit hazy but far from lost. His good looks gave off the air of a well-bred gentleman, but a sly smile crossed his face as he strolled over to an armchair and settled in.
When Jaired didn't bother hiding his imposing aura, he exuded an intimidating presence. Propping his head on one hand, he looked at Alivia.
She had never seen him like this, and her cheeks flushed as she shed her coat, revealing an outfit designed to make any man's pulse race.
Yet Jaired merely raised an eyebrow and pulled something silver from his jacket pocket, tossing it to her.
"Put it on yourself."
Alivia's face went pale when she recognized the -a dog collar. Her chest heaved with indignation. How could he humiliate her like this?
Once, he'd been like a puppy trailing behind her, but she'd only had eyes for Max, relegating Jaired to a spare tire. Now, she was ready to offer herself to him for leverage, but Jaired was playing hard to get. 
Her fingers dug deep into her palm, drawing blood. She had to let go of her pride to get back at Brielle and Max. Trembling, she cursed Brielle silently a thousand times before reluctantly reaching for the collar. 
Jaired's impatience surfaced with a sharp "tsk."
"Alivia, I've dug up some dirt on Brielle."
Her eyes lit up with interest, and without hesitation, she fastened the collar around her neck.
Jaired chuckled, tugging the silver chain attached to the collar, his voice dripping with arrogance, "Crawl over here."
Alivia's eyes widened in disbelief, her lips trembling and turning white from being bitten too hard. She stood up abruptly. No, this was something she couldn't do!
Jaired's gaze shifted to boredom.
"When Brielle was five, she begged on the streets, took insults without talking back. If someone threw a bun at her face, she'd silently kneet down to pick it up and take it back to share with the other kids at
the
orphanage. Could you do that, Alvia?" 
###Chapter 810
Alivia was trembling, absolutely hating it when people said she couldn't measure up to Brielle. Sure, when it came to groveling, Brielle had her beat. But then, Brielle seemed born to it. Alivia, on the other hand, was a lady of the Barnes family, and if that wasn't enough, she also had the Dorsey name to her credit.
A spark lit up in her eyes, and she broke into a smile.
That's it, she could come clean to Michael about who she really was. With Martha gone, there was no way Michael would let Martha's daughter suffer. A newfound confidence surged through her, but she wasn't about to let go of her bargaining chip-Jaired. "Let me think about it," she said.
Jaired's interest visibly waned, his eyes darkening. He had no patience for someone who wanted everything without giving anything in return. The light in his eyes dimmed as he stood up and headed for the door.
Filled with regret, Alivia tried to hold him back.
But Jaired cut her off with a cold remark, "Next time you want to work with me, make sure you're doing it in front of me with someone else, wearing this exact outfit."
His eyes were sharp and clear, cutting through her embarrassment with a chuckle, "Very sexy, I like it."
His words said one thing, but his eyes showed no hint of passion or desire.
Alivia's face went pale as she realized she had just blown her last chance.
Once outside the building, Jaired lit a cigarette and leisurely blew out a smoke ring into the night air. Everything felt so dull. When would Beaconsfield ever get exciting? He dropped the cigarette, crushed it under his heel, and walked away without a second thought. Brielle glanced at her phone; it was three in the morning. The meeting with Mason had finally wrapped up. She yawned, her eyes watering from exhaustion. Stellar Stage Entertainment was quiet, except for a few young artists still training in the dance studio downstairs. Brielle grabbed some herbal tea from the lounge upstairs and brought it down to them. The young artists scrambled to their feet when they saw her, bowing respectfully.
"Mr. Haywood."
She set down three bottles of tea. "Donny mentioned you've been training late. How's he doing?"
Donny, their diligent manager, was usually the last to leave.
"He just stepped out to grab you some late-night snacks."
As they spoke, Donny walked in, arms loaded with takeout boxes.
Brielle, not one for late-night eating, said, "I'm done for the day. Share it among yourselves. Don't overdo it, and take care of yourselves."
Not wanting to make them feel uneasy, she gave Donny a few instructions and left. As she descended the stairs, rubbing her tired eyes, she heard a familiar voice. "Mr. Haywood."
Startled, she looked up to see Ricardo holding a document, a look of surprise on his face.
"What brings you here so late?" he asked.
The question snapped Brielle out of her drowsiness.
"Catching up on work I missed," she replied.
They walked out together, and as Ricardo waited for a cab, Brielle unlocked her car.
"Heading back to the set? I'll give you a lift."
His smile was warm. "I'd appreciate that, Mr. Haywood."
Brielle, ever considerate, asked, "How's life on set? Anyone giving you trouble?"
Ricardo shook his head. "Everyone's been great."
They all remembered the darker days at Stellar Stage Entertainment and had long since abandoned any underhanded tactics.
Brielle was about to continue the conversation when she spotted a familiar face-Annie.
Annie was sitting on a bench by the roadside, lost in thought. If it weren't for the bright streetlights and the late hour, Brielle might not have recognized her. Frowning, Brielle
watched as Annie wave.net'
As the car window slid down, Annie's face lit up with surprise.
"Ms. Brielle."
"Secretary Annie, it's past midnight. Heading to Dorsey International?"
The road they were on indeed led to Dorsey International, but Annie's presence at this hour was certainly odd.
"If it's not too much trouble, could you drop me off?"
Annie's smile was broader than usual, mimicking Brielle's own composed demeanor. Chewing gum, her bright eyes fixed on Brielle like a predator eyeing its prey. 
Brielle's grip on the steering wheel tightened, a shadow passing through her gaze. In front of her, Annie unwrapped another piece of gum, the same kind Brielle had seen
discarded at the hospital as spoiled. 
When Brielle had asked the doctor for details, all he had mentioned was the distinctive white-and-yellow wrapper.
###Chapter 811
Brielle watched as Annie showed up out of nowhere in the middle of the night, then turned her gaze forward and floored the gas pedal. The move was so sudden that, if Annie hadn't been so quick on her feet, she would've been sent flying by the car. Annie stood her ground, brow furrowed in confusion. What was Brielle up to?
Annie hadn't noticed Ricardo quietly sitting in the backseat. When he wanted to stay hidden, he had a knack for becoming nearly invisible. Brielle glanced at Ricardo through the rearview mirror. He still had that clean-cut look, and he gave her a reassuring smile before asking, "What's the matter, Mr. Haywood?"
Brielle's heart was pounding. She was almost sure that Annie was the woman Murray had loved. That day, when she shot at Murray, Annie had coldly twisted the knife, becoming Murray's heartache.
A chill ran down Brielle's spine. What kind of lunatics were these people? Why were they fixating on her?
After dropping Ricardo off at the set, Brielle didn't leave immediately. Who knew if Annie had more tricks up her sleeve?
She pulled out her phone and messaged Max.
Is Annie really the goddaughter you mentored?
She had already been suspicious of Annie's motives; the woman's occasional actions seemed quite leading. If you linked her to Murray, everything started to make sense. Annie, thinking Brielle wouldn't survive the night, had dropped her facade, revealing her true intentions. She was clearly waiting for Brielle.
Annie had come to kill her.
Sweat broke out on Brielle's palms. After getting out of the car, she headed to Aubree's room. Aubree had just finished a night shoot and had come over after dealing with some house matters in the afternoon. Seeing Brielle show up at midnight, Aubree couldn't help but click her tongue.
When Brielle said she wanted to share the bed, panic flickered across Aubree's face. Brielle watched as Aubree quickly stashed away several pill bottles from the nightstand.
"Are you sick? What medication is that?" The labels on the bottles had been torn off.
Rubbing her temples, Aubree's lips twisted slightly. "Just some sleeping pills. I've had trouble sleeping, so the doctor prescribed them." Brielle said nothing until they were lying in bed.
Half an hour later, she heard Aubree retching in the bathroom. Aubree quickly rinsed her mouth and, seeing Brielle standing silently behind her in the mirror, spoke with pale lips" thinkt can't get used to someone else sleeping next to me."
She only felt safe when she was alone in bed. Another person's breathing made her feel nauseous. Brielle felt a pang in her chest, realizing it might have started back then. "I'll take you to a therapist tomorrow."
"No."
"Then I'll sleep on the couch."
"Bri, I'm sorry."
Aubree had been keeping up
appearances for so long that it was starting to wear on her. As she spoke, her stomach churned again. Without hesitation, Brielle moved to the cramped couch. No wonder Aubree's face had turned pale at the thought of Brielle staying the night. 
With the bed to herself, Aubree felt better, but with Brielle there, she dared not take too many pills and so tossed and turned restlessly. At six in the morning, a text from Max came through. Yeah, what's up?
The situation with Aubree had thrown Brielle into turmoil, and only then did she remember asking Max a question. Squinting her eyes, if Annie harbored murderous intent toward her, what was the source of it?
Brielle couldn't connect the dots to the supposed assassin, nor could she imagine that Ricardo's presence last night was to stop Annie. To confirm her suspicions, Brielle took Annie's photo directly to Murray. He visibly tensed, his breath shook, and his tips quivered with emotion. No one, no matter how cold-blooded, could look at the photo of their beloved's demise without losing their composure. 
Brielle then knew she had guessed right.
###Chapter 812
Annie was still trying to piece together what had just happened.
It all started this morning as she strolled into the Dorsey Tower lobby, where Patrick flagged her down, saying they had a meeting to attend. She didn't think much of it. But the moment she slid into the car, she felt a heavy blow against her back, and everything went black. Before passing out, Annie didn't even realize her cover had been blown.
She woke up at half-past eleven, the sun beaming outside.
Seeing the gun pointed at her forehead, she lifted an eyebrow and flashed a bright smile.
"What's the deal, bro?" she quipped, utterly unruffled.
Max wasn't there, but Annie wasn't naive; she knew this had his blessing.
"Good luck explaining to my godfather if you kill me," she added with a smirk, her face a picture of calm amusement.
The man in front of her, dressed in a uniform, wordlessly handed her passport and credentials.
Annie shrugged indifferently until a screen popped up, showing Murray, pale and fragile, lying in a hospital bed.
Her smile faded, and she blinked in disbelief.
She had assumed Murray's body was likely picked clean by animals in some ravine, never expecting him to be alive.
"Annie, you recognize him, don't you?" came Brielle's voice.
Annie narrowed her eyes. So that's why they bolted so quickly last night-they had figured out her angle.
Her lips twisted into a slight smile.
"Now that you mention it, I do recall a certain mutt I thought was dead. Turns out he's still kicking."
Her tone was light, as if she barely regarded Murray as human.
But through the screen, Murray looked at her with longing, resentment, and obsession. Despite everything, if Annie called, he'd come running, tail wagging. Because a dog never holds a grudge.
You can abandon it miles away, cripple it, and it'll still wonder what it did wrong.
Annie noticed his gaze and felt something stir inside her.
How strange, she thought, that someone would lay it all on the line for another person.
It didn't matter if you were a man or a woman; once you loved, once you submitted, you granted them the power to hurt you.
Annie couldn't fathom it, yet she couldn't deny the peculiar joy bubbling inside her at the sight of Murray still alive.
She looked at him, falling silent.
After a long pause, she leaned back, gazing at the screen with cool detachment.
"Brielle, I don't know how you figured out my real agenda, but credit where it's due you're sharp. However, thinking you can use a discarded mutt to corner me? That's where you're dead wrong." FindNovel
She would never go soft for Murray.
As her words hung in the air, a woman appeared on the screen.
Clearly one of Brielle's pawns, she walked up to Murray, sat on the edge of the bed, and leaned in to kiss him.
The smile on Annie's face turned to ice, her innocence replaced by a fierce intensity.
This was her true self, unmasked.
Murray, trying to push the woman away, found her clinging to his neck with practiced ease, making his efforts futile.
Humans have this nasty habit: it's
one thing to throw away your owet
stuff, but seeing someone else take it is a whole other story.
belongs to en.kikistori
That's why people hoard useless trinkets, just to keep them from others.
Annie had
in
Brielle's tricks before
beto
therers in Beaconsfield, b
right now, she couldn't help but mutter, "Bitch!" 
###Chapter 813
Murray's face showed no trace of excitement or joy, only a fearful unease, like he was about to be violated. Desperation clear in his eyes, he glanced at the screen, a faint blush creeping across his cheeks.
Finally, Annie couldn't take it anymore.
"Brielle, cut it out," she interrupted. "He may fall, but not by such humiliation."
"The goal."
"I made a deal with Michael to break you and Max up, that's all." And she was telling the truth.
Annie's lips curved into a slight smile, returning to her innocent facade.
"My godfather is your mentor's professor. I came to Beaconsfield because I saw your picture through him. Since you and my mentor look so much alike, and he's my godfather's prized pupil, I nagged him until he gave me a spot here." "You know, Brielle, it's really annoying to find someone who looks so much like you. Plus, with the deal I made with Michael, naturally, I had to try to split you two up."
Annie's face was a picture of genuine consternation.
"But it's so weird why I couldn't pull you two apart."
Any normal couple would have fallen apart after what you both have been through.
Her bewilderment was genuine.
Brielle had her phone taken away, cutting off the video chat. She looked at Murray, who still couldn't hide his excitement, a fervor glowing in his eyes.
Annie's concession had breathed new life into him, and he seemed reinvigorated with energy.
Brielle couldn't understand these abject affections, just as she couldn't grasp Aubree's previous behavior.
All she intended was to ensure Annie was watched over and, when the opportunity arose, to send her back overseas discreetly. Given Annie's godfather's status, Brielle wouldn't dream of harming her. 
But Murray-she needed to keep him close.
Leaving the hospital, she glanced at the address Donny had sent and decided to seek out this so-called celebrity.
She found herself outside the
familiar sanatorium once more. Her previous encounter with Martha had left her with a sour impression, so she quickly bought a cake and made her way to the villa. FindNovel
She knocked for several minutes without an answer. Just as she was about to call, the door swung open.
No one was inside. Though it was morning and sunlight streamed outside, the interior was cloaked in darkness, all curtains drawn to block the light.
"King Keiran?" she called from the doorway, the faint light from outside revealing no one in the living room.
Remembering Donny's warning about Keiran's eccentricity, she patiently stepped inside.
"Is anyone home? I'm Brielle from Stellar Stage Entertainment. I'm here specifically to see King Keiran."
As if on cue, a noise from the second floor responded to her call.
She followed the sound up the stairs into a foggy space, every window veiled by blackout curtains. Unsure where to find the light switches, she forged ahead in the dark.
Brielle pulled out her phone for some light, pushing open the door from where the noise had come.
Inside were numerous mannequins, each draped in cloth. Some were dressed in chic attire, exposed to view.
The sight of so many mannequins in the dim room was unnerving.
Swallowing hard, Brielle's scalp tingled with apprehension. She ventured further in, searching for any sign of life but found none.
Just as she was about to contact Donny to confirm whether Keiran was actually home resting today, she caught a glimpse through the glass a mannequin behind her moved. The light was too ding, and at first, she thought it was her imagination. 
Not until the mannequin bent down, its tone menacing, did she realize her mistake: "You're a bit blind, aren't you? Walked by me three times and didn't even notice."
###Chapter 814
The warm breath tickled Brielle's ear, and she instinctively flinched, watching as Keiran emerged from a crowd of models, a severed mannequin limb in his hand. "You looking for me to act?"
Brielle snapped back to reality, nodding eagerly as she trailed behind him.
"Yes, King Keiran, you haven't taken any roles this year. I was wondering if Stellar Stage Entertainment might have the honor."
The room was dimly lit, making it hard for her to see Keiran clearly, though she had streamed several of his movies. Known for his award-winning performances and as the highest-paid actor in the industry, his looks and charisma were legendary. Following him to the first floor, she heard him say, "I refuse."
Brielle placed the cake she had bought on the table and, through the light from the doorway, finally got a good look at him.
"Can I ask why?"
Keiran didn't smoke or drink, but he had a notorious sweet tooth. His features were striking, and he gave Brielle a once-over, clearly not recognizing her.
"You, the lead actress?"
His tone was full of doubt. Before Brielle could respond, he leaned back, shaking his head critically.
"Not tall enough, not pretty enough, no right vibe, and too flat-chested. If I picked you, the box office would flop."
Brielle had faced plenty of mockery before, but no one had ever insulted her looks so bluntly. Keiran, accustomed to the beauties of showbiz, was especially picky.
He even made a pinching gesture in the air. "And a bit too broad in the waist. I've read the script; there's a bedroom scene with me. I don't want you taking advantage of me." Brielle felt a vein throb on her forehead but kept her face neutral.
"Not with me, obviously. Stellar Stage Entertainment has many talents. Any actress you find suitable can take the lead."
Keiran had already unwrapped the cake, eating it while managing to throw shade-something only he could pull off. He ate gracefully, but after a few bites, he pushed the cake aside. "Go find someone else. The door's over there. I won't see you out."
Brielle raised an eyebrow, their conversation barely started. Just as she was about to press on, Keiran's voice dripped with sarcasm.
"I don't usually refuse twice. If you don't leave now, I'll have someone escort you out."
It had been a long time since Brielle had been this infuriated. She stood up and walked over to him. Right in front of his eyes, she rearranged the partially eaten cake, tied a neat bow on it, and took out her paymen
QUMS
code. 
"The cake costs two hundred and fifty dollars. Please settle the bill."
Keiran froze, clearly perplexed. Brielle gave him a smile.
"I don't recall saying the cake was a gift. I just set it down for a moment. I still need to take it back with me."
To her surprise, Keiran actually
pulled out his phone and transferred
two hundred and fifty dollars. He recognized the packaging; it was from a bakery owned by residents in the villa area, where a small
piece
like this normally cost five hundred.
"Isn't it supposed to be five hundred?"
"The extra two hundred and fifty is on me. Goodbye, King Keiran."
Keiran sat there, watching as she picked up the cake and left with a swift grace. For some reason, he felt as though he'd been insulted.
When Brielle got back to her car with the cake, she rubbed her temples with a hint of regret. If she couldn't secure Keiran, the director might not want to take on the script.
She sighed, about to call Donny to
see if there were any other directors he could recommend, when she realized she'd left her bag back at Keiran's villa. She had no choice but
to return to retrieve it.
Keiran was still lounging on the couch, seemingly in a better mood as he flipped through the channels on the TV.
Brielle reached for her purse on the coffee table, ready to leave, when she heard him ask, "Who are you? What are you doing in my house?"
###Chapter 815
Brielle froze mid-step, thinking the guy had to be joking. Or maybe it was another prank, like when he hid among the mannequins at the store. "Is King Keiran getting a kick out of this performance?" she muttered.
Keiran narrowed his eyes, let out a cold chuckle, and right in front of her, dialed 911. When the cops showed up to haul Brielle away, she never thought Keiran could turn on her so quickly. Was it really just because she took the cake and indirectly called him an idiot?
Since Keiran had made the call, he tagged along to the precinct. Dressed in a casual black suit, he lounged on the police station's couch like he owned the place. For the first time, Brielle was too flustered to speak as Keiran insisted she had forced her way into his home. No matter how much she pleaded, Keiran just crossed his arms and gave her a look that said, "You're not my type, back off."
Grinding her teeth, Brielle felt downright humiliated when Max showed up, making her feel even more embarrassed. Keiran was stubborn, refusing any settlement or compensation. Being a hotshot celebrity, if he didn't want to settle, the cops were practically powerless. It dawned on Brielle that Donny was right; this guy was weird.
Max arrived with Patrick by his side, and seeing them, something flickered in Keiran's eyes. Brielle thought he recognized Max until she heard him say, "Well, aren't you a looker? The new heartthrob on the block?"
Now she was truly baffled. How could someone in showbiz not know Max? Max chuckled at Brielle's dismay and presented a medical report from the hospital. Keiran suffered from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness - he couldn't remember faces. To him, Brielle was a total stranger on her second visit to his room.
Brielle fell silent, piecing together why he lived near the sanitarium, in that secluded villa neighborhood. On Keiran's notepad was written: "visitor coming today." That's why he fancied a game of hide-and-seek. But once Brielle left, he discarded the note, and she became an intruder. Meeting someone with such severe face blindness was new to Brielle, and when they finally left the station, Keiran still stood by her, frowning as he caught her gaze.
"What are you staring at? Enchanted by my charm?" he snapped.
Brielle's mouth twitched, but she held her tongue. Max had someone drive Keiran back, then he escorted Brielle to Stellar Stage Entertainment. Reflecting on the farce, Brielle felt both annoyed and amused. "How does he act with such severe face blindness?" she wondered aloud.
"It's about the craft, not the face. The truly talented actors are all a bit mad. If you want him as your lead, better let Dustin help. The only person he seems to remember is Dustin," Max explained.
Surprise flickered in Brielle's eyes. What was Keiran's connection to Mr. Lynch?
"Think of them as distant relatives. When Dustin took the helm at Infinity Brilliance, he notified the
local entertainment firms that Keiran was under their wing. Seems like Keiran spent some time with the Lyneh family, probably some brotherly bond." 
Without further hesitation, once at Stellar Stage Entertainment, Brielle didn't ask Max to stay longer; after all, Michael was watching closely So she pecked Max on the cheek and hurried to the top-floor office. But when she tried calling Dustin, no one answered. Had Dustin returned to North America again? 
After handling some business for an hour, she tried a second call still no answer Later, she brushed off
Donny, who had come snoopingnet
and when she got back to Pear
Estate, she made a third call Still no response. 
###Chapter 816
Brielle was pacing restlessly around her apartment, nerves on edge. Despite the gnawing worry, she didn't know any of Dustin's friends well enough to call and check on him. All she could do was fret.
In the dead of night, a nightmare jolted her awake, leaving her chest tight and heavy. She shuffled to the kitchen, poured herself a glass of warm water, hoping it would soothe the unease gnawing at her heart. But just as she took a sip, her phone rang. Thinking it might be Dustin, she quickly answered.
But it wasn't Dustin. It was Kenzo Barnes, who had been MIA for days.
"Hey, Brielle? *cough* *cough*"
Kenzo's voice was raspy, punctuated by a bout of harsh coughing.
"Kenzo, where are you?" "Home."
"Are you sick?"
But all she got in response was more coughing and then the unmistakable sound of a phone hitting the floor.
Brielle's heart sank. "Kenzo?" she called out, but there was no reply.
Grabbing her keys, she dashed to her car, determined to check on Kenzo. Being a celebrity, his address wasn't exactly a secret.
What she didn't expect was to find Kenzo staggering along the roadside before she even reached his place.
"Kenzo?"
She pulled over and saw him clutching his shoulder, looking pale as a ghost. A few men were chasing him, and without thinking twice, she flung the car door open. Kenzo collapsed inside, his eyes shut, his voice hoarse. "What are you doing here?"
Brielle didn't waste any time. She pulled out her phone to call Max, but Kenzo's bloodstained hand stopped her.
"Don't tell anyone."
In the dim car light, Brielle could see blood spreading across his clothes. "Should we go to a hospital?"
"No hospitals."
His voice was still gentle but heavy with fatigue.
Brielle was bewildered. Kenzo was seriously hurt and he didn't want medical help? He looked into her eyes and managed a weak smile. "Can we go to your place?" She was stunned. "Do you have a first aid kit?"
"Yes, but your wound-"
"Just go to your place."
He closed his eyes, ending the conversation.
Brielle kept an eye on the rearview mirror as she drove back to her apartment complex, Pearl Estate. Half an hour later, they arrived at the underground parking.
After making sure the coast was
clear, Brielle helped Kenzo out of the
car. "Kenzo, are you sure you don't
want to tell Max and the others? It might be better to handle this together." en FindNovel
Kenzo just coughed in response, sidestepping her question.
Once they were inside her apartment, Brielle fetched the first aid kit and filled a basin with clean water in the bathroom.
Kenzo was ghostly white as he
peeled off his blood-soaked clothes. Brielle thought about the recent mess with the Barnes family. Maybe someone was holding a grudge against Max for revealing that Kenzo wasn't a blood relative, and now he didn't want Max to know? 
After all, Max did it for her sake. Feeling a tinge of guilt, she helped Kenzo cut off his shirt with scissors.
The room was brightly lit, and once he was bare, she saw the wound on his abdomen. It looked like a gunshot, but it wasn't too deep, as if something had slowed the bullet.
Sweat beaded on Kenzo's forehead, and his lips were pale. "Turn around, don't look," he said, voice rough with pain.
Brielle turned away as he disinfected a dagger and plunged it into the wound. She felt a sympathetic jolt of pain and quickly averted her gaze.
Kenzo expertly removed the bullet
with a grunt and, instead of
bandaging the wound right away, he watched Brielle's back. She stood rigid, her neck exposed in the bright light. 
Kenzo looked down at his bleeding abdomen and began wrapping the wound with gauze.
"Kenzo, are you okay?" Brielle asked, her mind swirling with questions.
Kenzo finished bandaging but remained silent, just staring at her back. Brielle's figure was indeed striking. No wonder Max had been captivated by her. Kenzo reached out a hand but paused when he saw the blood on his fingertips, frowning.
As Brielle turned around, she caught sight of his bloodied finger hanging in the air.
###Chapter 817
But she didn't dwell on it, quickly grabbing some antiseptic wipes.
Kenzo took them, meticulously cleaning his fingers one by one. The long, elegant tips soon returned to their usual pallor as Brielle poured the bloodied water from the basin down the sink. By the time she returned to the living room, everything was back in order.
Kenzo was naturally pale, and now his complexion was even whiter. Shirtless, with only a bandage around his midsection and a pair of pants on, he looked vulnerable yet somehow still imposing. Brielle had never seen him like this; it was a bit awkward, so she kept her gaze averted. But while helping cut up his clothes earlier, she couldn't help but notice a bit more.
Kenzo's physique wasn't the skinny, fragile type she had imagined. Instead, it was surprisingly solid, his abs and the V-line above his hips well-defined and tense, exuding a sense of strength. Brielle frowned, feeling a strange contrast in the man before her. "Ahem." Kenzo coughed twice, a hint of unnatural red dusting his cheeks. Brielle knew he had a fever, so she rummaged through the medicine cabinet for some fever reducer.
"Kenzo, you should take one of these. You really should see a doctor about that wound. Without professional treatment, it might get infected," she suggested.
Kenzo accepted the pill she handed him, his gaze landing on her face. She paused, sensing he had something to say, so she sat up straight, attentive. But Kenzo just swallowed the pill with water and leaned back, looking rather uncomfortable. "Who was after you tonight?" She couldn't help but ask.
Kenzo chuckled, a smile curling his lips. "After being in showbiz for so long, stepping on so many toes, it's normal for someone to want me dead."
Brielle couldn't deny that. No matter the industry, it's always dirty, the entertainment world especially so. Now stripped of his Barnes family heir halo, Kenzo was just a top-notch screenwriter. To the real moguls, he was hardly a threat. She guessed some might even want to chain him up and force him to write scripts for life until his inspiration ran dry.
"I'm sorry," she said softly.
Being the smart man he was, Kenzo probably understood why she said that.
"I never imagined Max would go so far for you."
Regarding this, Brielle herself was puzzled and hadn't pressed Max for answers. Were Max and Kenzo friends? Did Max hesitate before acting? And Kenzo, now looking devoid of any resentment, only added to Brielle's confusion. She was about to repeat her apology when Kenzo just chuckled.
"It doesn't bother me. No need for apologies."
Brielle couldn't read him, even as he sat there with a face full of gentleness, appearing untroubled. So she hesitated, her eyes falling on his wound.
At that moment, her phone rang - it was Max. It was four in the morning; by all accounts, Max shouldn't be calling her. But he did. Brielle instinctively glanced at Kenzo and stood up to answer. "Brielle."
"Yes?"
"Don't tell anyone about my injury."
"Okay."
Returning to her bedroom, she picked up the call, and Max's voice came through.
"Infinity Brilliance has released an official statement. The retired Mr Lynch has stepped up to take charge and announced a series of policies. Have you heard from Dustin lately?" 
"No, I can't reach him on his phone." Brielle shared her concern, "Is he in trouble?"
Though Max disapproved of Dustin's affection for Brielle, he still owed him for visiting her in jail. "I'm heading to North America. The Lynch family is tight-lipped, and no one outside can get any information. Take care of yourself. Pearl Estate is under my dad's surveillance, and I'll send a couple of people to look after you. If anything happens, don't go it alone." 
Brielle sensed an impending storm and tensed up.
"Is Mr. Lynch missing, or-"
"Brielle, I don't know."
Her eyes fell as she heard footsteps from outside; Kenzo was approaching. Mr. Lynch's trouble, Kenzo's injury, Max's departure - each event foretold turbulence ahead. got it. I won't act alone," she affirmed.
“I
After hanging up, Brielle tried
Dustin's number again. This time it
wasn't that no one answered; it was turned off. Like a phone that shuts down automatically when the battery dies. Brielle set the phone down and went back to the living room to find Kenzo fiddling with the leaves of a potted plant on the windowsill. No matter what he did, he exuded the air of a genteel gentleman. The plant was one of several succulents Brielle had impulsively decided to nurture. 
"I haven't been taking good care of it. It's probably going to die soon."
Kenzo lowered his gaze, continuing to poke at the succulent, his voice growing hoarse. "I'd rather it didn't die."
For a moment, Brielle thought he wasn't talking about the plant at all.
###Chapter 818
"Kenzo, take a load off, will ya? Dawn's breaking, and I'm whipping up some chicken noodle soup."
Brielle's face was etched with worry for Dustin. He'd said they were friends, and in her heart, she felt the same way.
When he disappeared without a word, Brielle couldn't help but fret. Maybe he'd found a clue about her missing sister, and his snooping got him caught by Infinity Brilliance's enemies.
Her nerves got the best of her as she chopped veggies, nearly nicking her own finger.
Kenzo glanced at her and sighed softly.
He rubbed his temples and pursed his lips, a clear sign of his worry.
Soup takes its sweet time to simmer. By the time Brielle had it ready, it was a little past six in the morning.
A pale light was starting to filter through the sky. She handed Kenzo a bowl and a spoon and asked, "What's your plan now, Kenzo? You sticking around Beaconsfield to work on your screenplays, or you got something else in mind?" Kenzo touched the bruise on his skin, a chill flickering in his eyes.
"I'll probably stay around Beaconsfield."
The mess had been dealt with, after all.
"Sure you don't want to swing by the hospital?"
"Nah, I'm good."
Kenzo took the bowl and spoon from her, a small smile curving his lips, "Guess this is the first time I'm trying your cooking?"
"I'm no chef, so just bear with it."
She was willing to help Kenzo, partly because he'd done her a solid after graduation, keeping in touch over the years, and partly because her company needed his scripts to make waves in the entertainment industry. It was both a debt of gratitude and a business necessity.
"Max called you late last night, huh? Something up?"
His tone was casual, and he seemed more relaxed with each sip of the soup.
"Yeah, it's Mr. Lynch. I can't get ahold of him, and Owen from Infinity Brilliance suddenly announced he's stepping in to take charge. I'm worried something's happened to him."
"Mr. Lynch is a lucky guy; he'll be fine."
Kenzo stirred the soup, a gentle look in his eyes.
"After this, I'll head out. Thanks for last night, by the way."
"I can drive you."
Brielle was concerned he wasn't in a state to drive himself.
Kenzo just quietly looked at her, not responding.
Brielle chuckled, a hint of confusion in her eyes, "What's up?"
Kenzo looked away, a light smile on his face, "Sure, you can drive me." After cleaning up, they headed to the underground garage together.
When she pulled out the seatbelt for him, she didn't lean over to fasten it; the posture might have been a bit too intimate. Once Kenzo buckled up himself, she hit the gas. 
"Where to, Kenzo?"
She didn't glance his way as she asked, missing the struggle in his eyes.
A minute later, he smiled and said, "To my place."
"Those guys from last night won't be bothering you again, right? Got anyone at home to look after you?"
Kenzo closed his eyes as if in pain, his Adam's apple bobbing.
"Yeah."
What did that 'yeah' mean?
Brielle was about to turn to him when she heard his cool voice, "Watch the road."
She didn't look his way after that.
Parking in front of Kenzo's villa, Brielle thought about helping him with the door, but he was quick on his feet. After getting out and slamming the door, he walked into
QUMS
the villa without looking back 
l.ne
Brielle stood there, feeling an odd sense that he was perhaps angry, or...?
She couldn't read him, realizing for the first time that even Kenzo had his moods.
Back at Stellar Stage Entertainment, her mind was still on Kenzo when Donny walked in, asking about the male star situation again.
Thinking of Keiran gave her a headache. With his severe face blindness, it wouldn't be easy to sign him.
"Donny, aren't there any other directors we could use?"
Donny pursed his lips, sighing after a long pause.
"There are, but only this director can
capture the depth of the screenplay. Mr. Haywood, if it's really not possible, should I give it another try?" 
Before Brielle could explain Keiran's situation, her phone buzzed with a message from Kenzo.
Was feeling a bit under the weather earlier, sorry if I seemed rude.
Brielle thought back to his off mood but didn't dwell on it.
###Chapter 819
"No worries, Kenzo. Take care of yourself."
Kenzo glanced at the message, stayed silent, and headed upstairs.
His phone buzzed again. Seeing the flashing number, he let out a derisive snort and hurled the phone against the wall.
But the phone kept buzzing, as if it refused to be silenced.
Taking a deep breath, he picked it up, looked at the cracked screen, and pressed the answer button.
"Keep looking."
With those three words, he tossed the phone aside.
In the corner of the study, Daisy shrank back in fear, probably startled by his recent outburst.
"Kenzo."
Hearing her call, Kenzo's eyes narrowed, and he turned, only now noticing Daisy had been standing by the bookcase the whole time, unseen amidst his turmoil. Daisy, feeling guilty, couldn't help but move closer.
"Kenzo, what should we do? Your granddad's been so heartless, throwing us out like that, making us the laughingstock of the town."
Regret painted Daisy's face.
"Kenzo, you have to help me and Alivia. You've got to make Max marry Alivia. It was Martha's last wish."
Kenzo just stared at her, his dark eyes unreadable, silent.
Under his gaze, Daisy felt a chill down her spine and involuntarily reached out to tug at his sleeve.
"If it weren't for me bringing you home, you'd surely have been long gone, Kenzo. You owe me big time, and you can't desert me and your sister now."
In the social circles of Beaconsfield, few of the ladies worked; most were homemakers, tending to their families.
In the business world, where a woman's standing was already low, the patriarchal husbands certainly didn't want their wives in the public eye.
Aside from asking their families for money, these women were left with few skills.
Once abandoned by the Barnes family, Daisy had everything stripped away, leaving her no choice but to turn to her son.
Her face was set with determination.
Kenzo had always been compliant and talented, kind to Alivia. Surely, he wouldn't refuse her proposal.
"That Brielle is despicable, and Max, I can't believe he'd go to such lengths for that woman."
Kenzo smiled, regaining his gentle demeanor.
"Mother speaks the truth. So, what should I do?"
Daisy hesitated, her cards had been frozen. When she was cast out, she had next to nothing.
Her properties were forcefully reclaimed, and taking legal action against the Barnes family for a slice of the marital assets would surely cast her life. 
Both her children were not from the Barnes family, undoubtedly a severe embarrassment to them.
The matter was still hot on the net, everyone waiting for the parties involved to respond.
"Kenzo, do you have any money left?"
As soon as she finished, Kenzo produced a card.
Daisy worried her eagerness might push Kenzo away.
But those accustomed to living under protection, once it's gone, find pride and appearances trivial.
She had been hiding here, like a turtle in its shell, not expecting Kenzo to be away from home so much.
She reached out, grasping the card, and only then did she feel a flicker of safety.
"Kenzo, the mix-up with the identity, it wasn't my fault. Back then, I needed a son to secure a foothold in the Barnes family. If not for me, you'd have starved. Remember that kindness. I raised you as my own son all these years, always caring for you." 
Kenzo chuckled softly, leisurely settling into a chair.
"I haven't even said anything yet."
Daisy didn't know why she felt so nervous, just an overwhelming panic that made her teeth chatter.
###Chapter 820
She swallowed hard, gripping the card like it was her lifeline.
"I'll go find Alivia; the poor girl's probably going through hell right now. If anything happens to her, I won't be able to face Martha." Martha, Martha.
Daisy always had Martha's name on her lips, yet when Martha was overseas getting medical treatment, Daisy hadn't shown up even once. Kenzo toyed with his shattered smartphone, a smirk briefly crossing his lips.
"Mother and Aunt Martha, such a deep bond between sisters."
Daisy's face stiffened, avoiding his gaze.
Kenzo had little interest in these family dramas and waved his hand dismissively.
"I have other properties. You and Alivia can go live there."
The message was clear: leave.
A flash of elation crossed Daisy's eyes. She snatched the card and hurried out, dialing Alivia's number as soon as she left.
Alivia was sitting next to Tessa, who was cursing Aubree non-stop, her face red with fury.
When Daisy's call came through, impatience flickered in Alivia's eyes.
It was all Daisy's fault for being barren. If she or her brother had been Daisy's children, they wouldn't have been ousted by the Barnes family and lost all dignity.
"Alivia, are you even listening? I've been locked up by Andrew for so long, I feel like I'm losing my mind. You have to help me."
Alivia looked down on Tessa as well. Tessa was nothing but an invalid, and with the Rowland family's downfall, she was now a spent force.
But even a spent force might have one last move.
A sly smile curved Alivia's lips as she retrieved a bottle filled with concentrated sulfuric acid.
She was a researcher and had quietly accumulated a stockpile of this dangerous substance. Now, it was finally going to serve its purpose.
"Listen, this is concentrated sulfuric acid. Since Aubree has made your life a living hell, why not ruin her pretty face? Isn't that what caught Andrew's eye in the first place? He's been with her so long he's grown attached, but what if she became a monster? Then his attention would return to you."
Her voice was seductive, coaxing Tessa.
Tessa had been confined for days and was on the brink of a breakdown. If she hadn't escaped, she might have gone mad.
How dare Andrew treat her like this!
A gleam of resolve flashed in her eyes. She would not only turn Aubree into a pariah, but also obliterate her beautiful face.
She took the bottle from Alivia, her hand trembling slightly.
She had never done something like this before. Back when the Rowland family was still influential, she had only used Andrew's name to keep people at bay.
The idea of using acid to disfigure someone terrified her.
But she had always believed in Alivia's guidance, and with it, she had managed to exact her revenge on Aubree.
She had left a permanent shadow in Aubree's heart.
Alivia moved closer and patted her on the shoulder.
"Darling, happiness is something you have to fight for. Andrew has been good to you for years. You've always held yourself back while Aubree shamelessly threw herself at him. If you were Andrew, who would you choose? You were just too proud before." 
Any lingering hesitation in Tessa dissipated upon hearing those words.
"I understand."
Alivia's lips curved again. She pulled out a piece of paper, scribbled an address on it, and handed it to Tessa.
"This is where Aubree is filming right now. You'll see her when you get there. Seize the opportunity because if you fail, it'll be much hardento get another chance." 
Tessa nodded, clutching the glass bottle as she headed out the door.
Aubree was indeed on set today. The film's production was moving swiftly, much to everyone's surprise, and smiles were abundant among the cast and crew. John called Brielle to inform her that they would wrap up in a few days and to inquire if she had any plans for a wrap party.
Brielle pondered for a moment before replying, "Let's have dinner together. What is Aubree up to today?"
"She's busy as always, but there's this guy who keeps showing up on set-do you know Mr. Clements from Clements Corporation? Their
last names are the same, could it be that Aubree is...?" FindNovel
Rich heirs often mingled in the entertainment industry, drawn by the allure of fame to complement their wealth and power.
"No, Mr. Clements has nothing to do with Aubree; that's harassment. Is he still there today?"
John turned to look at the quiet man standing nearby, "He's here."
A cold smirk crossed Brielle's face, "I'm on my way. I'll also see what everyone feels like eating."
Brielle arrived quickly, passing Andrew without so much as a glance his way.
###Chapter 821
Andrew couldn't even be bothered to say hello; the mutual disdain was palpable.
Brielle made her way over to Aubree, who was in the middle of removing her stage makeup, signaling that her morning scenes were done.
"Have you moved already?" Brielle asked.
Aubree met her gaze through the mirror and nodded slowly. "Yep, I bought the house, so of course, I moved. It's close to Pearl Estate, but it's huge and feels... lonely."
Aubree truly was lonely. Cut off from the Clements family, without friends, and unable to stand the thought of sharing her space with someone else.
For her, acting was the only escape.
Brielle didn't want to intrude on Aubree's ritual, so she stepped out.
Once her makeup was off, Aubree headed to the dressing room to change. She had just slipped off her jacket when a pair of arms wrapped around her from behind, pulling her close. Dressed in just a tank top, Aubree's brows knit together in irritation. "Get out," she said coldly.
Andrew rested his chin on her shoulder, his voice laden with emotion. "No."
His eyes were bloodshot from waiting all day and night, and she hadn't even spared him a glance.
The cramped, mirror-lined dressing room, hastily thrown together for the production, was barely twenty square meters.
Aubree struggled to push him away, but a noise startled her-someone had burst into the room.
Tessa stood there, her pupils dilating at the sight of the two in an embrace. Her hair was a mess, and a red slap mark marred her cheek.
She had just left Alivia's place, where she ran into some old friends who didn't hesitate to shame her, calling her sickly.
She had slapped one of them, but her own face had quickly swollen from the retaliation.
No longer Ms. Tessa, rumors were spreading that Andrew didn't really love her.
How could that be?
Andrew was just confused by Aubree's words; after all these years of kindness, how could he not love her?
It was Aubree's fault, that temptress!
Alivia had said it-if she could ruin Aubree's face, Andrew would come back.
But now, seeing them together, Tessa felt as if someone had struck her on the head.
"Bitch! You're seducing Andrew again! Go to hell!"
Overwhelmed by emotion, Tessa didn't hesitate to fling the contents of the glass bottle she was holding at them.
Andrew quickly realized it was acid and kicked her hand away.
The bottle flew into the air, its contents splattering everywhere.
Tessa's arm, face, and chest were all scalded.
But Andrew's next move was to shield Aubree, his clothes sizzling as the sulfuric acid burned into his skin.
Aubree could hear nothing but the acrid smell in her nostrils and Tessa's heart-wrenching cries.
Then, suddenly, Tessa's cries stopped.
Beside her lay the shattered bottle, with bits of acid on her leg and scattered scars all over.
But she just watched Andrew, watched how carefully he protected Aubree, ignoring the pain on his
back as he checked her ove is
"Are you hurt anywhere?"
His voice was urgent as he spun Aubree around, frantically inspecting her. Tessa sat just two meters away, her exposed arm bloody, her cheek burned.
But he was blind to her. He only had eyes for Aubree.
Tessa didn't feel the physical pain, only the unbearable ache in her heart.
Tears streamed down her face as she suddenly pulled out the dagger she had hidden. "Die!"
With all her strength, she lunged, but
All kicked her aside,&
flying dagger embedded itself in
her shoulder. elf in
Her already frail body now spit out a mouthful of blood.
Nothing hurt more than realizing Andrew might not love her.
She couldn't understand, truly couldn't.
How could someone who had cherished her for so many years suddenly change?
"Andrew, it hurts so much-my hands, my cheeks, my legs-they're burning."
Tessa was severely injured, the sulfuric acid continuing to ravage her flesh, turning her eyes red with pain.
She wanted to scream, but a greater agony came from her heart.
Aubree remained silent; she had lost her voice to shock.
She saw Tessa's wounded cheek, the blood flowing from her shoulder, her state more wretched than a stray dog.
Tessa had come here in a desperate gamble, hoping to win Andrew back with everything she had.
But Andrew didn't love her, and she was left with nothing to win him over.
In that moment, Tessa wept with a raw,
Aubre al fury, wishing to
with the most venonet
words she could muster. 
###Chapter 822
But she was completely drained, her heart aching as if it were about to give out. Her eyes locked onto Andrew's, pleading for just a fraction of his attention.
She was hurt, damn it. In the past, even a tiny paper cut on her finger would send him into a frenzy, rushing her off to the emergency room. Now, she was covered in wounds, and he just clung to Aubree as if she might disappear. Tessa began coughing up blood, her hands clawing desperately at the ground. She had always feared pain the most, yet now her injuries felt numb, like they were anesthetized. Only her tears fell freely, splashing heavily onto the earth. "Andrew, how could you do this to me? For this... this woman, you'd lock me away? Weren't you the one who loved me most? Andrew!" she cried, feeling a piercing pain in her heart, her body convulsing with sobs.
"Aren't you seeing I'm hurt? Look, it hurts so much here," she extended her arm, showing the vicious burns from sulfuric acid. Her clothes were eaten away, revealing skin marred with bloody streaks.
Andrew remained silent, holding Aubree as if recovering from a near-death experience. Tessa spat out another mouthful of blood. She wanted to cry out, to laugh hysterically.
Aubree pushed Andrew away, not feeling any satisfaction at the sight of Tessa in agony. Because she saw a reflection of her past self in Tessa. There was a time when she too had been broken and battered, longing for Andrew to notice her. Devotedly loving him, hoping for just a glance in return.
Andrew could be cruel. Once, he had lifted Tessa to the heavens, and now he had cast her into hell.
Aubree's lips twisted into a cold sneer, "Assault with intent to harm, that's a few years behind bars, isn't it?"
Hearing this, Tessa's body shook, and she clung to Andrew's legs in a wild panic. "Andrew, help me, please help me."
But Andrew kicked her away without a word. Such cold indifference, such severity. Tessa first laughed at Andrew, then turned her laughter to Aubree, her mirth resembling that of a demon escaped from hell. Perhaps she was no different from a demon now.
Realizing Andrew didn't love her, she felt more tormented than a punished ghoul. All her vengeance against Aubree seemed ridiculous. She was the world's biggest fool, thinking that by destroying Aubree, she could win Andrew.
But she had awoken to the truth; no matter what she did, she couldn't reclaim this man. And Andrew was equally pitiable! He realized too late! He didn't understand love, nor dared to admit his love for Aubree. What a coward!
"I refuse to believe you two can stay
together. Andrew, you probably don't know yet, do you? Aubree was
violated, by men I sent. Three of
them, haha... You can't blame me et
You always indulged me as if I could do no wrong, that you'd forgive even my gravest mistakes. Can you two really stay together after that? I'II make sure everyone knows, even if I end up in prison, that Aubree is nothing but a tainted whore!" 

"Andrew, have you forgotten what you used to say to others? That Aubree threw herself at you, and you were just too lonely to reject her. You said that if it were anyone else, you would've taken them too, right? You've degraded her in front of me
more than once, and ou're
playing the devoted lover?" 
"You both make me sick!
Disgustingly so! I curse you! Even if I descend into hell, I'll curse you both! Especially you, Andrew. I curse you to a lifetime without happiness to die alone! I curse you! How dare you not love me, how dare you treat me this way, I curse you!" 
###Chapter 823
Aubree frowned slightly at the sight of Tessa's distress but held her tongue.
Just then, the dressing room door swung open, and in walked Brielle, with two bodyguards Max had sent to protect her trailing behind.
Brielle sniffed the air, detecting the chaos, and took in the sight of the two injured individuals sprawled on the floor. She didn't linger on their injuries, though. She went straight to Aubree, ensuring she was unharmed before finally relaxing. "She's going to rot in a cell for life," Brielle declared with conviction.
Andrew spoke up then, his voice hoarse with emotion. He reached for Aubree's hand but stopped short at the slight furrow in her brow, as if an invisible force had frozen him in place. His words were enough to drive Tessa into madness. Tessa's laughter grew wilder, a mix of sobs and cackles as she clawed at her own wounds in a twisted act of revenge.
"I don't believe it. I refuse to believe you don't care about me," she wailed. "Look at me, I'm hurt-I'm really hurt."
Aubree raised an eyebrow, her stomach churning at the gory scene before her. She'd been nauseous many times recently, possibly a response to the traumatic image that haunted her solitude. Subconsciously, she touched her lips where a tooth had been chipped-now patched up but never truly healed. The incident lingered like a thorn in her side; the pain had faded to mere discomfort, replaced by a sickening feeling she had hoped would vanish. But the thorn had not disappeared; it had grown into a bone within her, an indelible part of her being.
Brielle positioned herself protectively in front of Aubree, her disdain for Andrew palpable. "Can you please take your wife away?" she asked, the word 'wife' slicing through the air like a knife into Andrew's heart.
Tessa's laughter stopped abruptly, her gaze locking onto Brielle with fierce intensity. "Don't you gloat, Brielle. You'll burn in hell! Max doesn't truly fancy you. Hah, just you wait, your days of suffering are still ahead! Everyone will burn in hell! Everyone!"
After the police escorted Tessa
away, her screams filled the air as
she clung to a pillar, refusing to leave. Brielle Couldn't help but think that Tessa had truly lost her mind, descending into the depths of madness. Feeling Aubree's hand her waist, Brielle knew the ordeal had shaken her. Aubree herself was visibly queasy. She looked up to see Andrew removing his charred jacket, revealing a grotesque scar on his back the size of a hand. Yet, Aubree felt nothing for the man. It was his comeuppance for the messes he'd made, the emotional debts he'd incurred. 
Taking a deep breath, Aubree's gaze hardened. "Why are you still here? Get lost."
Andrew opened his mouth to speak but found himself wordless. Brielle chuckled, "Mr. Clements, you sure have a cold heart when it comes to your ladies." Anyone could see
Andrew's ruthless nature: eet
he had
hurt Aubree and now Tessa, Both women who had loved him. Aubree had moved on, but Tessa had lost her sanity. 
Andrew looked down, "I'll file for divorce shortly." His voice carried no hint of pity for Tessa. He didn't understand how someone could change so drastically. Tessa
always seemed kind-heartedn
incapable of harsh words. But once
the illusion shattered, the ly truth
was laid bare. 
"Aubree," he called out, wanting to ensure she was alright, but she had already turned away, pulling Brielle along with her.
The scene was cleared, and Andrew, his lashes quivering, pulled out his phone to draft the divorce papers. When the document was placed before Tessa, she stared at it blankly before bursting into hysterical laughter. "I won't sign it! Even in death, I won't!"
The person enforcing her signature was relentless, forcibly bending her hand to make her sign. Tears streamed down Tessa's cheeks, her bones popping out of place under the pressure.
"It hurts! Andrew, save me..." Even now, Andrew was all she could think about. Indifferent to her pleas, Andrew stood at a distance, silent.
Only after two fingers were broken did Tessa finally sign her name. Clutching the arm of the officer beside her, she pleaded, "Bring Andrew to me. He said he'd marry me. Andrew loves me the most, he's the kindest to me."
In the fantasy she had spun for herself, Andrew's love was undying. So she clung to the laughter, to the dream of their wedding day, unwilling to wake from the illusion she cherished.
###Chapter 824
In the stark reality of the attorney's office, Andrew didn't flinch as he scribbled his name on the divorce papers.
Stepping out of the precinct, he was met by Marissa's furious slap.
"Smack!"
His head snapped to the side, and he tasted the metallic tang of blood. Marissa's hand trembled as she pointed at him, but no words came out.
Andrew narrowed his eyes and wiped the blood from his lips. "Mom, I'm not going to let the Clements Corporation suffer because of this."
Marissa, seething, raised her hand to strike again, but Andrew caught her wrist firmly. "I'm going to be with Aubree, come hell or high water. So, the Clements family needs to stop arranging her marriage prospects."
"You've lost your mind!" Marissa yanked her hand back and sneered coldly after a moment, "You want Aubree? Have you thought about if she even wants you? You're divorced now, damaged goods. There are plenty of eligible bachelors out there, and she's about to start acting. The entertainment industry is crawling with handsome men. What makes you think you stand a chance?"
Andrew didn't respond. He quietly got into his car.
As he left, he told someone standing by, "Make sure the folks inside know the Clements family doesn't want her to have an easy time."
The person shivered and nodded quickly. "Mr. Clements, don't worry, we'll put her in with the hardened criminals."
Andrew nodded, still uneasy. "Don't let anyone visit her."
The prison was a labyrinth of hardships, and with Tessa's frail frame, even with all the talent in the world, there was no way out. Add the torment from cellmates, and she likely wouldn't last the year.
Andrew hadn't planned to be so ruthless. He just wanted a clean divorce and then to lock her away somewhere. But Tessa had been too wild, too ungrateful.
Andrew's lips pressed tightly together, his chest aching once more. Tessa was right about one thing: his indulgence had led to Aubree's misery. He had never taken Aubree seriously and always spoke lightly of her in front of Tessa. Naturally, Tessa never saw Aubree as a threat, thinking her actions, no matter how outrageous, wouldn't anger Andrew.
Deep down, Andrew knew why he
kept Aubree at arm's length. It all started the night he confessed to Tessa and was rejected, only to be caught by Aubree. Having always had a smooth life, he had never experienced such humiliation To be seen in that state by someone he considered a joke was infuriating. Moreover, he saw pity in her eyes,
followed by her confession.
She said she had always liked him and asked if they could be together. He couldn't recall what he thought at that moment, only that he was at an age where having a woman was something to take advantage of. Why not? No strings attached.
He never expected to keep Aubree
around for so long, always assuming each time was the last. Gradually, he lowered his own standards. He knew Aubree was smitten with him, desperately so, but he couldn't figure out his own feelings. Maybe it was the deep-seated memory of his youthful confession that stuck with him. Because he didn't get what he wanted, he kept telling himself he loved Tessa. And since Tessa was frail, he had to be good to her. 
He rationalized it almost clinically and ruthlessly ignored Aubree time and again. It was tragic, really, ignoring that flicker of excitement. If he didn't like Aubree, why tolerate her slaps? Why answer her defiance with fierce passion in bed, finding satisfaction in her disarray? The slap marks didn't hurt anymore, and he'd ask menacingly, "Will you slap me again next time?" 
Only when she spat out the words, "You're sick," would he release her, content. But he didn't understand that this was affection. He mistook it for a man's need for retribution.
With a wry smile, Andrew snapped a photo of the divorce papers and sent it to Aubree. She had blocked him before, but Andrew was persistent, changing his number to call her until she finally removed him from the blacklist. The reply came swift and sharp.
"Get lost."
Aubree was livid, repulsed even. She never used to respond to his messages. Seeing that single word, Andrew felt a twisted sense of satisfaction. Being cursed by her was better than being ignored-it hurt less than indifference.
###Chapter 825
Aubree sent the message and set her phone down, her heart still racing as she watched Brielle. Brielle was busy talking to a pair that Max had assigned to her-a man and a woman who looked like siblings. The sister was Addison and the brother was Aiden.
Both looked pretty skilled; Brielle even checked their fingers and saw the thick calluses at the tips-a sure sign they practiced a lot with guns and knives. She had never seen them around the Dorsey family before. They gave off the same vibe as that uniformed guy she had met in prison, probably another group Max was working with. She never asked Max about these things.
"Ms. Brielle, you can just call us Addy and Nine," Addison said, calm and cool, a small scar on her forehead. Aiden, who had been grinning cheekily, straightened up under Addison's stern look. Brielle had originally planned to keep them at a distance, but after what happened with Tessa, she was okay with having them closer. Who knew how many Tessas were lurking around Beaconsfield?
As Brielle was about to leave, Aubree walked her to the end of the driveway. Looking up, Brielle spotted Ricardo sitting on a low wall in the alley, twirling a switchblade and sizing up Addison and Aiden. Their eyes met briefly before each looked away. Ricardo hopped off the wall and grinned at Brielle. "Heading out, Mr. Haywood?"
Brielle nodded. "I'm hosting a dinner for everyone in a couple of days."
"Sounds good."
Ricardo watched Brielle leave while Aubree, seeing him still playing with the switchblade, chided him, "Have you forgotten about the time you sliced your finger open?"
Ricardo's hand froze, and he quietly pocketed the blade. Meanwhile, in the car with Aiden driving, Brielle asked, "Nine, Addy, do you know Ricardo?"
Addison, sitting next to her, shook her head. "Never met him, but it's rare to see someone handle a blade with such flair."
Brielle couldn't help but recall the day Ricardo had caused chaos, leaving three men barely alive. His strikes bled them but weren't fatal. Was it extreme control or something else? She frowned, unable to make sense of it, and took out her phone to search for updates on Infinity Brilliance. Just as Max had said, they were tight-lipped; even the North American media hadn't unearthed much, so she was even less likely to learn anything from home. 
She messaged Mason, but his response was the same as Max's: all they knew was that Owen had suddenly returned to Infinity Brilliance. Brielle's anxiety was pointless. "Addy, take us to where Annie's being held."
Annie and Murray had more to spill,
but both were tough nuts to crack. With a sense of unease, Brielle was prepared to resort to harsher
interrogation if necessary to make them talk. However, when they arrived, they found Annie
asleep on the bed. So Seemingly
felt
off to Brielle, who ordered the door to be opened. 
She quickly approached and grabbed the person's shoulder, only to discover it wasn't Annie but an older lady who'd been delivering meals. Annie had performed a classicbait-and-switch and
vel
escaped. The lady's hands were tied in front of her, her mouth stuffed with a wad of paper towel, and turned away from the door, her pleas for help unnoticed.
Brielle's expression darkened as she immediately called the hospital to check on Murray. Luckily, he was still there. "Nine, station some people at the hospital. We can't let Murray be rescued by Annie; he's valuable to us."
She could tell Murray wasn't an enforcer-his skills weren't sharp enough. He must possess another talent. Perhaps he was good at disguises or-
A spark ignited in Brielle's mind, and her eyes narrowed. "Don't let him near any electronic devices."
She'd been deceived by a fake message from Aubree before, and during a misunderstanding with Max, neither could reach the other's phone. According to Patrick, it was the work of a top-tier hacker. If Murray wasn't muscle, then he was likely the hacker lurking in the shadows. She should have realized sooner.
As Brielle was about to call Max, her phone rang with an unfamiliar number. "Hello, I'm Keiran. Is this Brielle? I've got a letter here, sent by my distant cousin, to be read to you," said the male voice on the other end.
Keiran squinted at the screen, reading the letter word for word. "My cousin says-"
Before he could continue, the screen dimmed, and the lights in the living room flickered and died. Keiran furrowed his brow, "Hello, Brielle?"
###Chapter 826
"King Keiran?"
Brielle called out, but there was no response from the phone. Her face fell. "Let's head over to Keiran's place."
When they arrived at Keiran's residence, Brielle rang the doorbell. No answer. With a quick nod, she signaled Addy to kick the door down.
The door flew open, releasing a wave of darkness from inside. Brielle hurried in, feeling along the wall for the light switch. When the lights flickered on, she saw Keiran sprawled on the floor. "King Keiran!"
She rushed over and helped him up. His eyes slowly opened, his face ghostly pale. "Who are you?"
Even with Brielle's patience, she was ready to scream. "I'm Brielle. You just called me. What are you doing on the floor? Did someone attack you?"
Keiran sat up slowly, cold sweat beading on his forehead from the pain. "I called you? Let me think about why."
Brielle was frantic, her instincts screaming that Keiran's distant cousin had to be Dustin. "Did Dustin send you an email asking you to call me? Was it something important?"
Keiran, rubbing his throbbing head, nodded. "Ah, yeah, I think so. Where's my laptop?"
The laptop that had been there before he blacked out was now missing. Brielle's heart sank, a wild idea crossing her mind. Dustin must have been desperate to send an email to Keiran.
Donny had mentioned that Keiran was an oddball, using an old flip phone that was often off. To contact him, you had to use email. With his severe face blindness, Dustin wouldn't email Keiran unless he had no other choice.
She even guessed that Dustin might've used someone else's email account; otherwise, that important email would have been sent to all his contacts. In utter desperation, he could only reach out to Keiran.
"Is your email the one your cousin set up for you?"
Keiran massaged his neck and frowned. "Yeah, I don't use those apps, and my phone's off most of the time. So my cousin gave me his old account. It's pretty convenient. Directors contact me through this email. I was looking to act lately, so I checked my email and saw my brother sent one two days ago. But it's weird; he never emails me."
Brielle's fingers tightened at her side as she swallowed hard. "What did he write?"
Keiran looked regretful. "I don't know. I was about to read it to you when this pain hit me. Maybe there was a burglar? My laptop's gone too."
Brielle wanted to knock some sense
into him. Watching him sit on the
couch, massaging his neck, she realized Keiran's world was too innocent. He never thought he might've been attacked. 
She took a deep breath. "Can't remember a single word?"
"He asked me to contact you."
"And?"
Keiran squinted, shaking his head seriously. "That's all I read before the pain hit."
Brielle was so exasperated she nearly fainted. Seeing her about to cry, Keiran frowned. "What's your relationship with my brother? You're Brielle from Stellar Stage
Entertainment?" 
He pondered a moment, then suddenly stood and bowed deeply. "Sis-in-law."
Brielle's headache intensified. If she hadn't kept her cool, she would've slapped him. Sis-in-law, my foot!
Fuming, she knew checking the surveillance now would be pointless. She strode out, Keiran touching his neck and hurrying after her.
"Hey, where are you going?"
Brielle stopped, took a deep breath. "Your brother wanted you to agree to do a movie for Stellar Stage Entertainment. You've seen the script, right?" "Ah? Okay, sis-in-law."
Keiran, surprisingly compliant when
it came to Dustin, agreed readily. Brielle's headache worsened, but she didn't bother to explain. Instead, she immediately contacted Donny to
take Keiran for a sc
Who would've thought it could be this easy to get him on board?
###Chapter 827
Brielle sat in the passenger seat, her eyes red from crying as she stared blankly out the window.
Aiden glanced at her, concerned. "Brielle, are you okay? You're shaking."
She tried to speak, but her throat felt blocked. She couldn't stop trembling. The clues were right there: Dustin had avoided everyone else and sent an email to Keiran about her, and her DNA tests had been tampered with repeatedly. If she didn't put the pieces together now, she'd be a fool.
But what had happened to Dustin?
The truth was within reach, but Dustin had vanished because of it, and no one knew where he was. She had to hold onto this secret tightly. Was Dustin the only one who knew the real story? Would the mastermind let him live? Who could it be?
Her eyes were bloodshot, and she gripped her phone tightly. Even Keiran's calls were getting cut off, proof she was being watched, and so was everyone around her. If someone as skilled as Dustin could disappear, the betrayal had to come from someone close. Someone he never suspected.
How long had this game been going on?
Panic surged within her, and she bit her lip hard. She couldn't trust anyone; she had to wait for Max. Taking a deep breath, she tried to calm her shaking body.
"I'm fine," she muttered, even though her head felt like it was about to explode.
Aiden and Addison sat beside her. Brielle pulled out a silver pistol and began disassembling and reassembling it, a new skill she'd learned. Addison, though quiet and a woman, was a fierce fighter and a great teacher. Noticing Brielle's mood, Addison signaled Aiden to keep quiet.
The car grew tense.
Brielle kept staring outside, realizing this had all been foreshadowed, like the lies about Mark's identity. He'd been part of every critical moment, and she'd never doubted him because of their years together.
Who would think a mentor who shared hardships and knitted scarves with her could be the villain?
Who else could be like Mark?
The deeper she thought, the darker it got. She felt like a puppet, her life controlled by others for over twenty years.
Meanwhile, a man sat with a laptop
on his knees, typing lightly. Several people knelt before him, trembling. The screen showed Keiran's email. 
Wearing a mask, the man checked the sender, a slight smile on his lips.
"You let him escape and send this email right under your noses?"
The kneeling figures were too scared to speak. One started to, but the man grabbed a gun and
chambered a round, silencineret
him
with a single shot. 
The others, drenched in sweat, pressed their foreheads to the cold floor.
The man's finger toyed with the gun. If he hadn't blocked Keiran's email account quickly, years of planning would've been ruined. "No excuses. Find him, leave no one alive."
The laptop was taken away and destroyed, all accounts wiped clean.
The man behind King bowed respectfully. "Max is abroad investigating Dustin. If you want Brielle's heart, King, now's the time. The Dorsey family will be busy." 
QUMS
The man chuckled, removing his mask. The trembling men had been escorted out. King's fingers traced the mask, wiping it gently.
"Max isn't easy to deal with."
"King, I don't get it. He's just the Dorsey heir. One family isn't a threat."
King's eyes narrowed, deep as the ocean.
"He has another identity, one we haven't uncovered yet."
"If he really cares for Brielle, why would he let her suffer?"
King's finger paused on the mask.
"How do you know it's not on purpose?"
###Chapter 828
Sure, let's give this text a more relatable and natural feel:
---
How did the Barnes family crumble overnight? Where did he get his intel from?
He kept his cool until someone crossed his line, then it was game over for the Barneses.
King flipped his silver mask over, a cold smirk tugging at his lips. "He's just watching the fireworks from the sidelines."
But he couldn't grasp why Max chose to be just a spectator.
Only when Brielle's life was in jeopardy did he fly into a rage.
Max was a puzzle; he seemed indifferent but held all the cards.
King suspected that most of the time, Max was just playing a role.
Like the ultimate predator, Max effortlessly and secretly blended into the background of all the schemes, watching Brielle fight her battles, level up, and grow stronger because she cared about him. He must be pretty proud of her. King's grip on the mask tightened, the cold metal nearly cutting into his palm.
Max wasn't unwilling to help Brielle out of trouble; it's just that she had shown remarkable strength and a stubborn streak from the start. So, he was taming her.
The word "taming" flashed in his mind, and his palm felt the sting of the mask's edge.
Yeah, he was taming Brielle, making her dependent, trustworthy, inseparable.
And stronger.
He couldn't figure Max out.
Teeth clenched in a sneer, he gave orders to the shadowy figure behind him.
"Antonio's been looking for a partner, right? Grant his request. He's been fed up with William for ages, and probably holds a grudge against Michael too." "Got it."
"Send more men to find Dustin. Don't come back without his body."
"Understood."
After giving his orders, the man lowered his head to study the mask in his hands.
He truly didn't know what Max was up to, so his only choice was to stir up trouble. Dustin absolutely couldn't stay alive, nor could he let Max find him.
In a remote village in Australia, a man lay in bed, his brow furrowed, memories of betrayal by his decade-long companion Dummy who turned out to be someone he'd
seen before, flashing
mind. 
his
The recollection stopped abruptly as he heard a woman's scornful voice outside.
"They say he was fished out of the river, cold as ice, and handsome to boot. Seems like Emma's lost her mind. At twenty-five, she's desperate enough to marry any man just to look after her and her mom." 
AQUMS
"Shot and slashed across the shoulder, he might well be a fugitive. Those types always run to our backwoods."
"The Moll family, what a curse. The daughter's twenty-something and unmarried, and the mom's a widow."
Emma, returning from gathering herbs on the mountain, heard the gossips as she reached her yard, which was strewn with rare medicinal herbs.
The untouched deep valleys were rich in botanical resources, and her family had been renowned herbalists for generations.
Fed up with the wagging tongues, she waved her knife and stood hands on hips to confront them.
"You lot are like dung beetles yawning-just a bunch of stinkers! Scram! Show up at my doorstep again, and I'll slice you one by one!"
Known in the village for her fierce
it was no wonder Emma
demeanor, it
was still unmarried at twenty-five. If not for her medical skills, which
earned her a place in the
community, she and her monel.ne
would've been bullied long ago. 
The onlookers slinked away, but not without a parting jab.
"Tigress. No wonder no one wants you."
"Mad for a man, she won't even spare the dead!"
Fuming, Emma grabbed a snake from her basket and threw it at the women, sending them screaming into retreat.
What a waste, she had intended to use the snake gall for medicine.
She set down her basket and went to check on the unconscious man in her bed.
He had been shot three times, luckily none were fatal.
But one slash ran from his shoulder to his waist; had he not dodged, he would have been cleaved in two.
Emma had initially thought him beyond saving, having been submerged for so long, and with no clue which river had carried him there.
But his will to live was strong, and against all odds, he was still breathing.
On that first day, he spiked a fever of forty degrees. Medical facilities in the village were poor, and she was the only one for miles with a clinic. If she couldn't save him, no one could.
I hope this revision captures the essence you're aiming for while making the text more engaging and relatable for native English readers.
###Chapter 829
The man was undeniably handsome, the most striking Emma had ever laid eyes on-way better looking than any celebrity she'd seen on TV. Even with his eyes shut, his features were stunning enough to take anyone's breath away. She really hoped those high fevers hadn't fried his brain. Raising her hand, she started tearing his clothes to change his bandages. Dustin frowned, his chest rising and falling with intense anger. Emma noticed and gently patted his chest to calm him down. Once he seemed more settled, she began the acupuncture. His life had been hanging by a thread, and now that he was finally stepping back from death's door, she was determined to take the utmost care of him. From shoulder to abdomen, Dustin was wrapped in long bandages that Emma had traveled hours to the county town to buy. The small clinic usually handled minor injuries and had never seen wounds this severe.
After finishing with the acupuncture, Emma carefully put away the silver needles and wiped the sweat from her forehead. She stood up and walked over to the stove to reheat the soup she'd been simmering. Hearing her mother cough from the other room, she took the still-warm medicine to her.
When Dustin opened his eyes, the room was filled with a medicinal scent-not exactly pleasant, but not unbearable either. His brow furrowed as he tried to speak, but no words came out. His whole body ached, leaving him no choice but to lie in bed. Emma returned with the chipped medicine bowl, surprised to see him awake. Without checking on him, she continued heating the soup, her back turned to him. Dustin's eyes roved around the room, taking in the sparse decorations.
Poor. Really poor. The house was made of wood, with a tiled roof. It felt strange that he couldn't remember anything, yet he found this environment absolutely dismal. Even his pets lived in luxury villas.
The thought startled him. Luxury villas?
"Don't rush to remember things," Emma advised, "or you'll just confuse yourself more. Focus on getting better for now."
She knew he wasn't ordinary; his good looks and commanding presence could make anyone blush. Even with her tough demeanor, she couldn't help but stammer under his gaze.
"I-I'm the local doctor here. You need to rest up. You can't rush your recovery."
Dustin was indeed in pain, each breath a struggle. His memories were a jumbled mess, just like she said-his body was too weak to make sense of it all. Yet he could feel the rage spreading from his heart, the recurring image of himself in a standoff, gun in hand,
Who was that person? Did they take one bullet or two, while he himself was outnumbered and took three? Maybe there was a moment of hesitation on their part, not wanting to finish the job themselves, so they told the others to "clean it up."
The wounded man had walked away, taking a few with him but leaving more behind to deal with Dustin. Despite being shot three times and his strength waning, he managed to fend off a dozen
knife-wielding attackers. Barlet
escaping, he dove into their car,
hacked into their computer, and sent an email to someone in a daze. With people in pursuit, he lost
consciousness as the car plunged into the river. 
Dustin wanted to cough but didn't even have the strength for that. The deepest impression in his mind was still that standoff. The burning anger in his body was undeniable.
Emma placed a comforting hand on his shoulder, gently patting it. "Don't think about it for now. It's a miracle you've survived. Rest up for a couple of months, and you'll be alright. Then you can do whatever you want."
Dustin's roiling emotions slowly
subsided, but he didn't reach for the soup. Instead, he closed his eyes. With only his eyes and ears working, speaking was out of the question. Seeing that he didn't want the soup, Emma finished it herself, not a drop left. 
###Chapter 830
In the quaint town of Beaconsfield, Brielle's day took an unexpected turn when she got an urgent call from one of Max's men. Without a second thought, she rushed to the scene.
"Ms. Brielle, someone tampered with all the surveillance, but they slipped up. We checked the dashcams of all the cars that passed by during that time. Mr. Lynch's car plunged into the river. We've got divers in the water now," the officer reported, a somber look on his face.
Brielle's heart skipped a beat, and her face turned pale. The riverbank was bustling with activity, and here, a grim profession had flourished: body recovery specialists.
Silently, she prayed with all her might that Dustin wouldn't be among those pulled from the murky depths. No news was good news. Maybe the raging river had swept him to some unknown place, or perhaps the water had distorted his features beyond recognition. With the Lynch family's only son missing, Mrs. Lynch already heartbroken over a lost daughter, and Desiree's life hanging by a thread, Brielle felt overwhelmed.
She found herself thinking she must be cursed. She had longed for a family, but now, that very family seemed to be falling apart because of her.
If Dustin was truly gone, how could she ever face the Lynch family again?
Moreover, she couldn't reveal her deepest suspicion - she had no idea who the enemy was or who was pulling the strings.
She needed to keep everyone guessing, to make them believe she had never considered the possibility that she might be the long-lost daughter of the Lynch family.
She had to act as if nothing had changed, to deceive whoever was behind this. If they sensed her motives, their attacks might escalate.
Taking a deep breath, she stayed in the unremarkable car, instructing those around her to inform her immediately if there was any news.
Back at Pearl Estate, she felt like she was suffocating. Recalling everything Dustin had done for her, she finally understood why his kindness felt so familiar. Her throat tightened, and she couldn't utter a single word.
Just then, a message from Max popped up on her phone. It contained the name of a sanatorium.
Somehow, Brielle and Max had a mutual understanding, and she instantly knew that this might be where Desiree of the Lynch family was being treated.
Desiree's health was critical, and Owen was to attend a charity gala in three days. Owen's sudden announcement of his return had sparked speculation that something had happened to Dustin, and now, Infinity Brilliance was under intense scrutiny. Brielle quickly booked a flight to North America for two days later. Regrets had already piled up, but she couldn't let Desiree's predicament become another.
Dustin had mentioned that Desiree's sorrow stemmed from the loss of her granddaughter, and the hospital had issued a critical condition notice.
Brielle wished time would slow down, giving her a chance to meet the grandmother she'd never known.
But if she left the country immediately, any attention drawn to her could have dire consequences.
In a flash, she thought of Stellar Stage Entertainment and promptly had their PR announce with great fanfare that Keiran had signed with them and was slated to collaborate with a Hollywood director. 
She knew Infinity Brilliance had made many enemies worldwide, being the diamond industry's top dog. Plenty of people were waiting for their downfall, and whoever was behind this was undoubtedly powerful. 
Brielle didn't want to involve Max too much, fearing his fate might mirror Dustin's. Any sacrifice would make her dreams since childhood seem pale and meaningless. She wanted everyone to survive.
Keiran himself was clueless about the supposed deal with Stellar Stage Entertainment until someone knocked on his door to inform him.
Fuming, he stormed over to Stellar Stage Entertainment's headquarters.
Though he had a poor memory for faces, he was certain he'd remember signing any contracts.
Bursting into the top floor of Stellar Stage Entertainment, he saw Aubree standing to one side and assumed a haughty demeanor.
"Brielle, let me make this clear-I'll never sign with Stellar Stage Entertainment. You need to retract that statement immediately, or I'll take you to court," he declared.
He had agreed to act in one of Stellar Stage Entertainment's scripts, but signing? That was out of the question.
Aubree, sitting in Brielle's office, had
finished her scenes early and was
vel
there for a cast dinner later that night. She hadn't expected the entertainment industry's
highest-paid male star to barge in, mistaking her for Brielle. 
She frowned, puzzled by Keiran's outburst.
Keiran huffed with indignation, then took a seat. "What are you looking at?"
Aubree rolled her eyes. "Are you an idiot?"
He thought he misheard and ground his teeth. "What did you just say?"
"You heard me. You're a fool, and you've got the wrong person."
Keiran gave Aubree a once-over, then continued to snort disdainfully.
"Oh, I apologize. I suppose it's because you're as unpleasant to look at as Brielle."
###Chapter 831
Ever since she was a kid, Aubree had been called a lot of things, but ugly was never one of them.
"You're not just a few fries short of a Happy Meal, you've also got bats in your belfry. I think that big head of yours is just there to make you taller. Need me to find you an optometrist?" Keiran hadn't expected the folks at Stellar Stage Entertainment to be so blunt. Realizing he might have mistaken someone else for Brielle, he stormed out the door in a huff. Aubree let out a derisive snort. She hadn't been sitting for more than a few minutes before he barged back in.
"Brielle, I'm telling you, I'd rather eat glass than sign with Stellar Stage Entertainment. Get the media to retract that story, or I'm suing you."
The exact same scene had played out just minutes earlier.
Aubree's brow furrowed as she figured this guy might genuinely be a few cards short of a deck.
She got up without a word, intending to leave.
Keiran frowned. Why was Brielle ignoring him?
As Aubree reached the door and pulled it open, she came face to face with the real Brielle standing outside.
Brielle looked at Keiran with a familiar ease.
"Pack your bags, we're heading abroad in a couple of days. Now that you're here, it saves me the hassle of having to drag you out of your hidey-hole."
Keiran looked from her to Aubree, at a loss as to who the real Brielle was.
Brielle didn't bother explaining. This guy's face blindness could drive a saint to sin.
"Brielle, why should I listen to you?"
"I've seen the email your brother sent, and he instructed you to follow my lead."
At this, Keiran's previously pompous head dipped slightly, uncertainty creeping in.
"Wasn't that email lost? My computer got stolen, and my account hacked."
"Either way, it's been retrieved. You're not going to listen to your brother?"
Left without a choice, Keiran caved, "Fine, I'll travel with you."
Brielle worked quickly, having someone record a video of Keiran where he declared voluntarily signing with Stellar Stage Entertainment and that he was now part of their talent roster. Of course, this statement was coerced by Brielle using Dustin as leverage.
Keiran was the entertainment industry's hottest male star, having won numerous prestigious awards, and was notably unaffiliated with any agency.
Numerous companies had tried to sign him, some even resorting to dirty tricks, only to be sent packing with their tails between their legs.
The guy had a razor-sharp tongue, picking fights like a petulant child, biting whoever crossed his path.
In the cutthroat entertainment business, even the thickest skin couldn't withstand Keiran's blunt assaults.
It's like trying to sweet-talk him into a contract, and he'd bluntly tell you that your hair looked unwashed and greasy, sending you into a spiral of embarrassment. 
Over time, no one seemed capable of dealing with this tough cookie.
So how did Stellar Stage Entertainment manage to snag him?
And Keiran, who never gave interviews, was suddenly willing to show his face on Stellar Stage Entertainment's official account.
The impact was immense-Stellar Stage Entertainment's stock soared.
Previously, Brielle thought the most absurd thing she'd seen was a soccer superstar moving a soda can out of frame during an interview, which instantly evaporated billions in market value for the soda company. 
The power of celebrity influence was undeniable.
Keiran's addition sent Stellar Stage Entertainment's stock sailing high, with previously hesitant screenwriters now eagerly submitting their scripts.
Donny and his crew were over the moon, their hands cramping from signing new deals, their phones ringing off the hook with stars wanting to join the roster.
But Brielle reminded them, "Hold off
on signing new talent for now. Let's push our current artists into the spotlight. Once they've made a name for themselves, we can consider new faces." 
Her decision on Keiran's matter had been abrupt, but necessary.
She couldn't afford to rush out of the country at such a critical juncture, or else the mastermind behind all this would immediately set their sights on her.
With Keiran slated for a Hollywood collaboration, it was the perfect excuse to travel abroad with him.
Throwing this smokescreen would at least throw off whoever was pulling the strings.
And for the next few days, she'd focus on company business instead of seeking out Dustin, relaxing the opponent's vigilance.
It was also casting a line.
A line only she knew about.
The more composed she appeared externally, the more the person who had fudged her identity would want to confirm her reaction. Whoever came knocking would be in contact with the puppet master, and all she had to do was wait.
###Chapter 832
In the evening, the film crew decided to head out for a dinner party. Brielle tagged along, mingling for a couple of hours, sipping just enough wine to feel the buzz, before deciding to make her exit.
Aiden was at the wheel again, glancing at her in the rearview mirror. "Ms. Brielle, an hour ago, we got word from the Dorsey family. Michael is critically ill."
Brielle's eyes narrowed slightly. Michael had always been the picture of health; how could he suddenly be on his deathbed?
Her lips pressed tightly together as the gears in her mind turned swiftly - this must be a call for Max to return home. Sure enough, her phone rang with Max on the line.
"When are you planning to head overseas?"
For some reason, Brielle always felt like Max had an uncanny grasp of her intentions.
"In a few days. How's Desiree holding up?"
"The Lynch family hasn't informed her about Dustin's situation yet. The sanatorium is quite secure."
Brielle's gaze softened. Deep down, she knew Max must have figured out her true identity, but he never prodded. Whenever she was in need, he was there to lend a hand, but if she chose silence, he'd feign ignorance. That's how it always was.
If she was hurting, he'd feel it, yet he'd keep his concerns to himself. Brielle was well aware that if she ever decided to throw tantrums and demand vengeance for even the slightest scratch on her finger, expecting Max to be her avenging sword, he'd probably comply without a word and just go ahead with the task. That was Max for you.
He had said once, he never treated Brielle like a canary. Whatever she wanted to do, whatever her real identity was, it didn't matter to him. All he could offer was a nudge at the pivotal moments. If Brielle took a step forward, he'd match it. If she took ten steps, he'd follow suit. Even if Brielle reached the pinnacle, Max would stand on a peak even higher. He was simple in that way, yet unfathomably profound.
"Max, there's trouble with the Dorsey family. Are you coming back?"
With no more to say, Brielle listened as he added in a lowered voice, "Miss you." Despite being too preoccupied for romantic banter, that sentiment still sent a warm tingle to her ears.
"Yeah."
After the call, the tenderness in Max's expression vanished, replaced by a cold resolve. Patrick placed an next to him, speaking with grave seriousness.
"We found this in the room of
someone close to Mr. Lynch during

a search. This person, who Mr. Lynch trusts implicitly and has known for about ten years, never speaks, and due to an accident in childhood involving severe burns, supposedly never shows their true face." 
The item Patrick handed over was a prosthetic scar, almost
indistinguishable from a real injury It meant that this Dummy wasn't really burned at all, and might not even be mute. Dustin must have shared a bond of life and death with this person to be deceived so thoroughly. 
Max gave the prosthetic a brief glance, his expression unreadable. "I understand."
He wasn't surprised in the least. Infinity Brilliance had made numerous enemies worldwide, yet Dustin had thrived all these years. He wasn't careless. On the contrary, е he was cautious, but his
fet
was a
disappearance meant
betrayer in his midst. And it was someone he never would have suspected. 
"Sir, should we still meet with the professor?"
Max's eyes narrowed, a deep glimmer within them. "No need. We're heading back home."
He looked at the prosthetic scars again, his lips tightening slightly. Patrick couldn't guess what he was thinking, but Max's choice to return home so promptly surely meant he had a plan.
###Chapter 833
When Brielle got back to Pearl Estate, the slight buzz she had from earlier vanished. Downstairs, Addison and Aiden were waiting in the car, their presence a comforting constant that put her at ease.
She soaked in the bathtub, letting the hot water melt away her fatigue. After getting dressed, Brielle made a call to the hospital, where Max's trusted people were on guard. She couldn't afford another slip-up like the one with Annie. She instructed them to keep a close watch on Murray and to move him to a secure location once his condition improved. Murray was still valuable, and she couldn't risk him escaping as well.
Brielle booted up her laptop and scanned the online chatter. Ever since Keiran's announcement of signing with Stellar Stage Entertainment that afternoon, the internet had been buzzing. The company's stock continued to soar, doubling in value since she took over, first by securing Kenzo's script and now with Keiran on board. The scandals that once plagued Stellar Stage Entertainment were becoming a thing of the past, thanks to Brielle's sweeping reforms. Their artists could now walk with their heads held high, but she knew there was still work to do.
The film featuring Aubree and Ricardo had wrapped up, and its release would undoubtedly cement Stellar Stage Entertainment's reputation. A smile played on Brielle's lips as her fingers danced over the keyboard, browsing through fans' comments before shutting down the computer.
With her departure abroad only two days away, nerves were inevitable despite her preparation. Just as she was about to lie down on the bed, her phone buzzed with a message from Tiffanie Harkins. Since their last misunderstanding, Tiffanie hadn't been in touch. The message read: The Dorsey International execs visited Grandpa. Ten minutes ago, Dorsey International's biggest investment this year hit a snag. Grandpa might be in his hospital bed, but he's not sweating it. Be careful.
Tiffanie's message was a cautionary heads-up. If Michael's hospitalization was part of a scheme, it could be aimed at the Dorsey family, at Max personally, or perhaps even at Brielle herself. Brielle's eyes narrowed, knowing she couldn't get involved in the Dorsey family's affairs for the time being. All she could do now was get everything in order and wait for Max's return.
After a good night's sleep, she made plans to meet Aubree at Tequila Sunset. Aubree had just finished shooting, and with no immediate projects lined up by Stellar Stage Entertainment, she was enjoying some downtime. Brielle, with only two days before her trip, naturally wanted to make the most of her time. She needed to show the world how unfazed she was—as if Dustin's disappearance and the news about Infinity Brilliance hadn't affected her in the slightest. And she decided to bring Keiran along. 
Though Keiran was visibly reluctant, the impending trip abroad meant he had no choice but to join her. Tequila Sunset was livelier at night, but the daytime crowd was still bustling. Brielle usually opted for a private booth, but today, she deliberately chose an open seating area, with a plan in mind. Aubree, aware that Brielle's outing had an ulterior motive, played along and ordered several rounds of the priciest drinks.
But when she offered a drink to
Keiran, she couldn't help but snort disdainfully-Keiran had offended her by commenting on her looks. Brielle found it amusing; Aubree had always taken pride in her stunning appearance. With looks that could rival a blooming peony, she had the potential to take the entertainment world by storm. Keiran, with a temperament like a petulant child, pushed the drink away and said indifferently, "I don't accept charity." 
Aubree's nose twitched with irritation-had Keiran not been easy on the eyes, she might have given him a piece of her mind. "Bri, let's not bring him along next time we go drinking, okay?"
Keiran positioned himself
strategically, partially obscuring Aubree from view. To the casual observer, it seemed as if the two were cozily nestled together, deep in conversation. Although Tequila Sunset was an upscale venue, its patrons were unaccustomed to celebrity sightings like Keiran. Every social circle has its star chasers, and Keiran, with his clean image and genuine talent, had fans across all demographics. So, when someone snapped a photo of him and Aubree together and shared it on social media, it sparked an immediate frenzy. 
###Chapter 834
Since his debut, Keiran had always steered clear of scandals, especially anything involving women and hotels. So, when that photo surfaced, it practically broke the internet, shooting straight to the top of the trending charts with discussions hitting more than ten million. Aubree's face was everywhere, right beside Keiran's, splashed across all the gossip sites. People were buzzing about her identity, and some even wondered if they were a couple.
"Are people blind? Isn't that Brielle with them? You know, the boss of Stellar Stage Entertainment? Looks like a group hangout to me."
"Yeah, that's definitely Brielle. The photo's misleading, but still, this mystery woman seems pretty close with King Keiran."
"Keiran has friends in the industry? Seriously? Who can deal with his sharp tongue?"
Even Keiran's fans couldn't deny it. His brutal honesty was legendary, and he never sugar-coated anything.
There was an actress who tried to spark a romance rumor with him, but at a movie press conference, he shut her down with just two words: "Ugly, rejected." She quit showbiz right after, so anyone else with the same idea quickly abandoned it. But who was this woman?
As Brielle sipped her drink, she kept tabs on the online frenzy. Aubree's movie was about to premiere, and both she and Ricardo were total newbies, not even on the radar. If they didn't capitalize on Keiran's fame now, when would they? At the peak of the buzz, Brielle handed Aubree a glass of wine.
"Aubree, time to get on social media."
Aubree glanced at the trending topics-her photo with Keiran had gone viral. She looked at him, astonished. Was his name really that powerful?
With Brielle's phone sitting conspicuously on the table, Keiran, who wasn't blind, caught a glimpse and exploded.
"Brielle, what's the deal? You want her to ride on my coattails?"
He was so furious he considered buying a new phone just to set up an account and clear the air about him and Aubree.
But Brielle remained calm. "You're part of Stellar Stage Entertainment now. We're all family here, and family helps each other out."
Aubree shot Keiran a glance. She didn't much care for his attitude, but the buzz was too good to pass up. So, she shamelessly set up a Twitter profile and had Stellar Stage's official account tag her, admitting she was the woman in the photo. The hits were soaring into the millions, and Aubree's debut on social media couldn't have been timed better.
With a little nudge from the company's official account, curious fans quickly found her profile, leaving a flood of messages.
Seeing her follower count hit a million within an hour, Aubree could only marvel at the power of Keiran's name.
"Keiran, gotta say, your name packs quite the punch."
Now that she had her slice of the pie, she wasn't about to poke the bear. She promptly ordered the finest bourbon and slid it toward
Keiran. 
"King Keiran, this isn't charity. It's a drink on me. Cheers."
Grudgingly taking the drink, Keiran's mood improved slightly.
Brielle knew how to play him but also respected boundaries. Keiran's fame was hard-earned, and
1.n
supporting newcomers didn't mean stepping on him. He had to benefit too. en FindNovel
"I'll give you ten percent of Stellar Stage's shares. How about you and Aubree play pretend couple? No need to go public, just keep quiet if anyone asks." 
Keiran had those eyes that could make hearts flutter, but his were charmingly innocent, unlike Dustin's infamous playboy gaze. "Who wants your crummy shares?"
His mood soured again.
"Dustin might hang out at the company, might even invest."
Brielle pulled out her trump card.
Keiran's eyes lit up. "For real?"
"Yeah, help me build Stellar Stage into something great, and it'll pay off for you."
Keiran played with his glass, mulling it over before he muttered, "Dustin's alright, isn't he?" Playing dumb.
He knew Dustin was in trouble, just playing along with Brielle.
No one could force Keiran into something he didn't want.
A softness touched Brielle's heart. "He'll be fine."
###Chapter 835
"Alright, I'll take her home," he said reluctantly.
Aubree rolled her eyes. "Her? I have a name, you know. It's Aubree."
After making her point, she glanced at her phone and noticed her follower count had just hit five million. With a raised eyebrow and a hint of pride, she cleared her throat.
"King Keiran, I'm Aubree. Let me buy you another drink. Please, accept it with a smile."
Keiran didn't refuse this time. He downed two glasses in quick succession, and with a grunt, he collapsed onto the bar, out cold.
It happened so fast, everyone was caught off guard.
Brielle frowned, concern etched on her face. She nudged the lifeless Keiran. "Keiran?"
No response.
"Keiran?"
Still nothing.
The bartender, bless his heart, spoke up. "The guy's plastered. Better get him home."
Two drinks and he's out?
Brielle had never seen anyone get drunk so quickly. She rubbed her temples, feeling a touch exasperated. With the evening's goal achieved, there was no reason to stick around. She tried hoisting Keiran up. But he was completely limp, like overcooked spaghetti, and his arm flopped helplessly over her shoulder.
Both Brielle and Aubree, being women, found it nearly impossible to haul Keiran's drunken form home.
Brielle pulled out her phone, thinking of calling Aiden for help, when she heard a familiar voice.
"Brielle?"
She looked up to see Kenzo, Jaired, and Andrew approaching.
It had been ages since she'd seen the trio together. It seemed Kenzo had just returned, and the other two had taken him out for drinks - a little welcome-back celebration after what he had been through. "Kenzo," Brielle greeted him, noting his gaze fall on Keiran.
She introduced him smoothly. "This is Stellar Stage Entertainment's new talent, set to play the lead in your script, Kenzo."
Kenzo nodded. Being in showbiz, he knew of Keiran. "Talented actor, huh? He's drunk?"
"Yeah, first time at a bar, and two drinks did him in."
Kenzo looked to Jaired. "Help get him to the car, will you?"
Jaired, ever the stoic figure, straight as an arrow, effortlessly lifted Keiran.
Brielle tugged at Aubree's sleeve, and they hurried to keep up.
Aubree avoided looking at Andrew, ready to leave with the group, but Andrew grabbed her wrist.
"Let go."
Her tone was laced with impatience.
Andrew opened his mouth as if to speak, but no words came out. He just followed her hesitantly.
Aubree used to frequent Tequila
Sunset and had plenty of encounters with Andrew in the restrooms and private booths, which explained her initial pause upon entering 
But you can't stay stuck in the past.
"Aubree," Andrew hurried to catch up, tentatively tugging at her sleeve.
She stopped, and her eyes immediately welled up with tears.
A love of more than a decade
doesn't just disappear - even if her
fawed disdain, her heart still
We
d at the sight of him. 
For a moment, she felt as though all the love and hate didn't matter.
"You're getting involved with Keiran? He's not right for you."
Andrew stood behind her, stepping forward until his chest brushed against her back, his breath warm on her ear.
"If you want into showbiz, I can support you. Whatever you want, I'm here. Come back to me."
Aubree took a deep breath and strode forward.
Desperate, he grabbed her wrist tightly.
"He'll never accept your past, but I can."
On hearing this, Aubree froze, then turned to face him.
Andrew regretted his words, born of urgency, and looked away, apologizing.
Aubree smiled bitterly. "Don't worry. I won't be with anyone. I know how tainted I am. Why would I inflict myself on someone else?"
With that, she headed quickly toward Brielle's car. Blinded by tears, she nearly tumbled down the steps.
Andrew's quick reflexes saved her
from falling, but he stumbled too slamming into a post behind him. His back was still healing from a recent injury, and the impact whitened his face. FindNovel
Aubree didn't bother with him and tried to break free, only to hear his voice crack with emotion.
"Then, please, come back and ruin me instead?"
###Chapter 836
really done anything wrong; he just wasn't into her. And when he wasn't into someone, he could be brutally cold.
Aubree had known Andrew for years and had never heard him say "please." It was always her doing the asking. So when he finally said it, it felt like a punch to the heart. But she couldn't forgive him—not if she wanted to respect herself. In their relationship, Andrew hadn't Still, she couldn't deny that she was the one who got hurt the most. Had she really done anything wrong? If this was payback for coming between Andrew and Tessa, had she even interfered at all? The first night she and Andrew ended up in bed, he had just been rejected
by Tessa; they weren't even together then. But now, none of that mattered anymore.
She couldn't stand having someone else beside her, so maybe it was better to stay single. She hated herself for realizing this too late only after being scarred repeatedly did she understand that she didn't need anyone.
Andrew winced from the pain of the wound on his back, his breath catching. Aubree quickly pushed him away, worried that Brielle would come back and scold her for being soft-hearted. So she walked away briskly. As soon as she stepped out, she saw Brielle chatting with Kenzo.
Kenzo and Jaired had already put Keiran in the car. Jaired seemed impatient with Brielle, responding indifferently even to her thanks. Kenzo, on the other hand, had a gentle and refined demeanor.
"Stellar Stage Entertainment has been making quite the buzz lately," Brielle said.
"All thanks to your screenplay, Kenzo. Once it hits the screen, Stellar Stage's stock is going to soar."
"My script isn't that powerful. It's your snagging Keiran that's the real headline maker for the media."
Brielle had used some underhanded tactics to secure Keiran, so she glossed over the subject with a few words.
"Brielle, did Keiran get an offer from Hollywood?" Kenzo asked.
"Yeah, so in a few days, I plan to take him and his agent overseas. He's been in several films and is one of the most famous actors of Asian descent abroad, but Hollywood hasn't really shone a spotlight on Asian talent yet. There are some directors holding auditions, and Keiran is definitely a contender."
Standing to the side, Jaired chuckled. "A CEO like you needs to handle these deals personally?"
Brielle's face remained calm. "As the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, I know the company's situation better than anyone. We're just starting out, and our finances are still in the red. We've just finished our first movie, and the costs were cut from the executives' salaries. Since I took over the company, I intend to make it the best. If Jaired is so good at making snide remarks, why not invest in Stellar Stage Entertainment?"
"Sharp tongue."
"You can't expect pearls from a dog's mouth."
Jaired paused, narrowing his eyes. "Hanging around Max has sure made you bold."
"It depends on who I'm dealing with."
Kenzo, stuck between the two, was getting a headache from their bickering. "Enough, Jaired, give it a rest."
Jaired's phone rang at that moment. It was Alivia calling, and he raised an
of them. 
Bs or answering the call in front
"Alivia, what's up?"
Alivia was pretty intimidated by Jaired, but she needed to make a deal with him for his help. She couldn't wait a moment longer, especially seeing Aubree, that
wretch, standing up and gainet
everyone's favor made her teeth itch with hatred. 
"Jaired, I'll do whatever you say, whatever you want, just help me. I won't try to be clever this time."
Jaired raised an eyebrow, his face softening into a gentle smile. "Alright."
To an outsider, he seemed utterly smitten with Alivia. Even Brielle thought so. One moment he was all frost, and the next, he melted into warmth at Alivia's call. She found it
strange. Didn't Jaired pay attention
to the news? Was he truly?ntion
unaffected by all the things Alivia had done? 
Jaired ended the call and headed toward his car. "Alivia needs me; I won't be joining for drinks tonight."
Now it was just Brielle and Kenzo left. Brielle was about to say something when she heard his reminder.
"Did you get the plane tickets?"
She blinked and nodded.
Kenzo smiled. "I know a few directors in Hollywood. If you need help, just ask."
"Thanks, Kenzo."
She noticed Aubree approaching and took that as her cue to leave. "Well, I should get going. Thanks for tonight, Kenzo."
As she opened the car door and was about to get in, she heard him call out. "Brielle."
"Yes?" She turned, curious about what he might want to add.
Kenzo just curved his lips into a smile, his eyes soft. "Be safe."
###Chapter 837
"Alright."
Brielle was just about to hop into her car when she noticed someone familiar on the other side of the street - Daisy.
Given their rocky history, Brielle decided not to call out.
She was taken aback to find Kenzo standing right behind her. Despite Daisy's disdain for her, surely she'd come over upon seeing Kenzo, right? But she didn't.
Daisy looked like she was searching for someone else. Her eyes landed on Kenzo's face, and she reacted like she'd seen a ghost, quickly looking away and clutching her purse as she hurried off in the opposite direction. Kenzo squinted, recalling how Daisy had been terrified the last time they met.
She had been trembling when she asked for a bank card.
Over the years, Daisy had climbed to a prestigious position within the Barnes family and had grown quite arrogant. Why the sudden change?
A chill flickered through Kenzo's downcast eyes.
Brielle, too, watched Daisy's hasty retreat with confusion.
But she didn't dwell on it and instead got into the car.
After driving a few blocks and ensuring no one was following them, Brielle turned to Aiden and said, "Let's get out and follow Daisy."
Addison would take the car and drop off the others first.
Aiden didn't understand Brielle's plan but didn't question her.
They got out of the car and hailed a taxi, heading in the direction Daisy had gone.
Daisy was moving swiftly, her breath coming in quick bursts.
She had enjoyed a few days of luxury using the card she got from Kenzo.
She had planned to hit up a bar that evening, not expecting to bump into Kenzo.
Her hands shook slightly, and she couldn't resist pulling out her phone to call Alivia. "Alivia, where are you? Can I come over?" she asked, her voice trembling.
A flash of irritation crossed Alivia's face. Daisy had already called that morning, wanting to stay with her and emphasizing the need to get along with her brother. 
"Alivia, stay on good terms with your brother; he might help you achieve your dreams. Don't antagonize him, got it?"
Alivia didn't think Kenzo could help her.
After all, Kenzo had his own issues
and was no longer the Barnes family's golden boy, just a
successful screenwriter. What could he possibly do for her other than give her money? en FindNovel
But Alivia needed more than money; she needed power.
"Mom, I get it, but I really don't want to live with you. You've got money from Kenzo, so go stay in a hotel. Besides, with all the properties he owns, you can ask him for aplace." 
That was how she had responded to Daisy.
But Daisy had seemed off at the mere mention of Kenzo, her lips trembling violently.
"Just don't provoke your brother; he's..."
Daisy had trailed off, never revealing what was truly on her mind.
Now, with another call, she had exhausted Alivia's last shred of patience.
"Mom, I told you, I'm not available right now. I have friends coming over, and your presence would just disturb us."
Daisy's tone even carried a hint of desperation.
"Alivia, I just want to talk. Your brother, he..."
"Mom, I really can't talk right now!"
Alivia hung up abruptly.
Daisy listened to the dial tone, feeling a mix of helplessness and despair wash over her.
She hurried to the curb, trying to flag down a cab to get away.
But the sound of footsteps behind her made her tense up, and before she knew it, she was dragged into a deeper alleyway. "Thud!"
Her body hit the ground, and as she came to, she looked up to see a masked man looming over her.
Daisy's pupils contracted in terror as she scrambled backward.
###Chapter 838
The man got up and slowly made his way over to her, crouching down just a bit. His presence was so overpowering, he seemed like the Grim Reaper with his scythe raised high. The room was thick with an unsettling vibe, like death itself had settled in. Daisy's lips trembled, biting down hard to keep a terrified scream from escaping. King looked at her with a twisted fascination, his voice dripping with menace. "What were you about to tell the person on the phone?" Daisy's eyes widened in shock; she hadn't realized her conversation had been overheard so clearly.
"It doesn't matter if you don't want to share." King stood up and went back to his chair.
Meanwhile, one of his henchmen walked over to Daisy, pulled out a dagger, and slammed her hand flat on the ground, as if ready to chop off a finger.
She screamed, her voice raw with fear. "Please, no! Don't do this!"
The composed society lady was gone; Daisy turned ghostly pale, desperately curling her fingers.
King picked up a glass of whiskey and swirled it around. "I'm quite curious about this secret of yours. Care to share?"
His polite words clashed with the threat of the dagger looming over her.
"I'll talk! I'll tell you everything!" Daisy cried, tears streaming down her face.
She yanked her hand back frantically, her legs shaking uncontrollably. Her teeth chattered, her mind a mess. "I saw Kenzo... he was..."
She hesitated, and as the blade inched closer, she shut her eyes and blurted out, "He was in a standoff with Mr. Lynch from Infinity Brilliance, both pointing guns at each other! I don't know what happened."
King paused, his glass of whiskey hovering in mid-air, a slight smirk forming on his lips. "Interesting. So that's why you're scared of him?"
"Yes, that's it. Kenzo used to be so obedient, his hands meant for holding pens, so gentle... How could he..."
The memory flashed through Daisy's mind—a dark night, two men with guns aimed at each other, the argument, the gunfire. She had hidden in the shadows, collapsing in fear at the sound of the shots, unable to believe what she was seeing. She was paralyzed with fear, feeling like everything she knew was shattered.
She knew her son, the pride of their family, always above the chase for fame and fortune. To write a great script, he could disappear for a year without a second thought. For inspiration, he'd travel to the ends of the earth, a man willing to sacrifice everything for his muse. 
So it never crossed her mind that she would stumble upon that scene.
News from abroad said Owen had returned to lead Infinity Brilliance. She hoped that night was just a bad dream, but it wasn't.
She wanted to confront Kenzo, to
ask what he was planning, with so many questions burning inside her. But the moment she saw him enter his study, she felt nothing but fear. 
So she took the card, pretending to be greedy, wanting to take this secret to her grave.
But she couldn't control her fear of Kenzo, the dread of the unknown.
Every time she saw him, the sound of gunfire echoed in her mind.
Maybe because she had fainted that night without making a sound, no one noticed her.
Daisy's cheeks were wet with tears. "I've told you everything, please let me go. If you have a grudge against him, go find him. I don't know anything, I swear I don't." 
The man set his whiskey down with a soft sigh.
Daisy tried to crawl away in fear, but she couldn't escape; a cold gun barrel pressed against the back of her head.
She wanted to cry, but at the peak of her fear, she found she couldn't make a sound, as if her throat had been seized-just like that night. King's eyelashes lowered, and his lips parted to utter two words.
"Pity."
Daisy didn't understand what he was lamenting when he stood up, leaving behind a chilling statement.
"Clean this up."
It was a curse, as if spoken by a demon.
###Chapter 839
He didn't bother disguising his voice when he spoke those words.
Daisy's eyes widened in alarm, a sudden wave of fear washing over her.
"You-!"
"Thud!"
Brielle and Aiden stepped out of the cab, immediately noticing an unnatural stillness in the air.
Just as Brielle was about to turn the corner, Aiden stopped her.
"Ms. Brielle, there's a smell of blood."
Both Aiden and Addison had undergone professional training; their noses were exceptionally keen to the scent of blood.
Brielle frowned and, by the streetlights, saw a body lying a short distance away. The figure was dressed just like Daisy and hadn't moved for a while. She wasn't sure if this was a trap or if someone was lying in ambush.
She pulled out her phone, decisively called the police, and then returned to the taxi with Aiden.
The police arrived quickly, lifting Daisy's body onto a stretcher.
As they drew closer, Brielle could see it clearly-a single, clean shot, no unnecessary suffering.
Her lips tightened for a moment, disbelief etched on her face.
She had thought Daisy was merely injured, not dead from a single bullet.
As the body was carried past her and Aiden, a gust of wind blew, lifting a corner of the white sheet covering it.
Daisy's face was frozen in her final expression, full of disbelief and terror.
Brielle's mood darkened instantly.
Daisy was dead.
Gone so abruptly.
Brielle felt like she was on the brink of understanding something, yet it remained just out of reach.
All the clues seemed so intangible.
Why was Daisy at the bar tonight?
After being kicked out by the Barnes family, she should have laid low, like Alivia.
They were used to living high and mighty, respected by everyone, and now, fallen from grace, naturally, she wouldn't want to be seen.
Yet Daisy had shown up there, seemingly waiting for someone.
Brielle's lips pressed into a thin line, her hand clenched slightly at her side.
The police quickly notified the Barnes family.
Not only did the Barnes family go into a frenzy, but the entire social circle of Beaconsfield was buzzing.
After all, she was the former lady of the Barnes family-no one expected her to end up like this, sprawled on the street.
With a heavy heart, Brielle returned
to Pearl Estate, took a bath, and then sat down with a pen,ng three names onto a piece of papero 
Andrew, Jaired, Kenzo.
She felt restless, twirling the pen in her fingers.
QUMS
One moment she'd cross out Kenzo's name, the next she'd put a check next to it, eventually leaving both marks on all the names.
At three in the morning, she rubbed her sore eyes and set the pen down.
The paper was barely legible now, as if it held the definite answers, only to be negated one by one, turning into a blot of ink stains. By daylight, the news of Daisy's murder had already hit the headlines.
After all, it was in Beaconsfield where the crime occurred.
In peaceful times, a body on the streets, especially one killed by a bullet, sparked conspiracy theories.
Some said Daisy never bore a child
for the Barnes family; it was all orchestrated, and now, ousted from the Barnes family, she was assassinated for failing her mission. 
swneverg
Others said Daisy had made many enemies during her time as the Barnes matriarch.
A minority speculated that Daisy must have stumbled upon some damning secret, leading to her demise.
Reading these theories, Brielle felt a spark of insight.
If the person behind this intended to
kill Daisy, why not dispose of the body discreetly instead of leaving it so conspicuously by the roadside? 
Was it a warning to someone?
swnov
The image of Daisy's tense and troubled demeanor from the night before flashed in her mind.
She looked like she was about to reveal something critical but was interrupted by someone she feared.
Brielle's eyes filled with a steely calm as she took out the paper from last night and wrote down the names again. Andrew, Jaired, Kenzo.
###Chapter 840
The sudden death of Daisy set the rumor mill spinning around the Barnes family, already under the harsh glare of public scrutiny. Even though Daisy never had kids with the Barnes, her connection to them was real. Now, with her unexpected death happening right after
they kicked her out, it all looked pretty shady.
The Barnes family, already out of favor with the elite circles, found themselves facing even more disdain and gossip.
When Alivia first heard the news, she thought she was seeing things. Just the night before, Jaired had promised to come see her, only to cancel last minute, leaving her waiting all night.
Receiving a call from the cops made the whole thing feel even more surreal. Daisy's last call had been to her, so the police needed to talk to her.
Alivia arrived at the station, sporting a hat and mask to avoid being recognized. Only once inside did she take off the mask.
The cops had their usual questions lined up:
"Seen any suspicious folks around lately?"
"Did Daisy mention anything unusual?"
"Did she have any enemies?"
It wasn't an accident; it was murder. There had to be a motive.
Alivia's face went pale as she remembered Daisy's last words, which had a strange urgency to them, like she had something important to say. But Alivia was too eager to meet Jaired, too focused on impressing him, and had cut the call short. Still, she didn't feel any regret or see Daisy's death as her problem.
But she did see a chance to pin the blame on Brielle, just like Martha had done before.
Looking the officer straight in the eye, tears welling up, she said, "Yeah, Daisy had enemies. One of them was Brielle, the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment. They had a fight recently."
Sniffling, she added, "No one knows what Brielle does behind closed doors. I think she had a hand in my mom's death. You should investigate her thoroughly."
"And she's targeting the Barnes family too. With a big company like Stellar Stage Entertainment, you should check if she's dodging taxes."
The officer noted everything down and called Brielle in for questioning.
After all, it was Brielle who had reported the incident. Now, with Daisy's daughter casting doubts, Brielle quickly became a prime suspect.
When Brielle arrived at the station, she immediately locked eyes with Alivia, who was seething with hatred. Alivia had been publicly humiliated and now stood disgraced, while Brielle's career was soaring. It wasn't fair. 
Ignoring Alivia, Brielle cooperated fully
evide the police, providing
evidence of her whereabouts and witnesses, which soon cleared her
of any suspicion. 
As Brielle left the station, she ran into Alivia again. It was drizzling, and Alivia was huddled under her umbrella. Brielle started to leave but was stopped by Alivia's icy tone, "You think you've won, Brielle, but you'll regret this!" Unfazed, Brielle shut her car door firmly and told Aiden to drive away.
Alivia stood there, trembling with rage, the chill in her bones having nothing to do with the weather.
For now, she was powerless against Brielle, waiting for news from Jaired.
Brielle didn't head back to Pearl Estate but drove straight to Premier Palace.
Max had just arrived, but she hadn't gone to pick him up because of the police stuff.
As she walked in, she saw Max sitting on the couch, focused on his laptop. He closed it when he saw her.
"Leaving the country tomorrow?" he asked.
Brielle nodded and joined him on the couch. Max wrapped an arm around her, leaning in for a kiss when the doorbell rang. It was Victoria, just a couple of minutes behind Brielle. 
en FindNovel
Victoria's eyes narrowed when she saw Brielle, and her face darkened instantly.
Brielle hadn't expected to run into Victoria, who now wore a mocking smile.
"Our father's in the hospital, and here you are, cozying up. Max, I don't get you. What has she done to you?" Everyone seemed to think Brielle had some spell over Max.
Max stood up, patted Brielle's shoulder, and whispered, "I'm heading to the hospital. Make sure you eat."
Victoria's glare could've stripped paint. The animosity was thick as she stared daggers at Brielle.
###Chapter 841
Brielle sank into the couch, feeling the weight of the day settle on her shoulders. She hadn't planned on getting involved in the Dorsey family mess, but with Victoria showing up at her door, it was clear Michael was in some serious trouble. But her mind was preoccupied with Daisy's case. She rubbed her temples and grabbed her phone, dialing Aiden.
"Addy, I need you to dig into Daisy's calls and movements. Find out who she was supposed to meet."
The killer had left Daisy's body out in the open, likely as a warning to whoever Daisy was meeting. Daisy's phone had probably been combed through, but with no useful info. The killer likely didn't know who Daisy was meeting, which is why they left such a gruesome message.
If only they could figure out who that person was. Brielle's lashes dipped as she thought. If even the mastermind didn't know who Daisy contacted, asking Addy to find clues would be a tall order.
But maybe there were some breadcrumbs left behind? And even if Daisy's lead dried up, there were other paths to explore. A thought struck Brielle, and her eyes darkened. She left Premier Palace, instructing Addison to drive her to Murray's place. Murray had been doing better these days, but seeing Brielle put him on high alert. She knew he was a tech genius.
"Addison, I need a top-tier computer set up in the storage room down the hall within half an hour," she ordered.
She planned to use Murray's hacking skills. Addison didn't question her and went to get it done. Murray glared at Brielle, his lips a tight line. It was his failure to kill Brielle that had led to such cruel treatment from Miss Annie.
If he could make amends, she might forgive him and take him back. Murray couldn't speak, and the doctors doubted he ever would again, but he didn't care. If Miss Annie wanted his life, he'd give it willingly. It was his fault he'd been discarded.
Over the past few days, he'd made up his mind to leave and find Miss Annie. She was his faith, his deepest desire. Even if Annie wanted him dead, he'd accept it without regret.
Brielle saw the determination in his eyes and smiled slightly. "Seems you're out of the loop, Murray. Annie has someone else now."
His body stiffened, disbelief written
across his face. Brielle's smile widened. "You know Annie better than I do. You're just a discarded toy to her if she had any remorse, she wouldn't have twisted the knife." 
Murray opened his mouth, but no sound came out, just a tremor as he stared at Brielle. She settled into a chair, her posture relaxed.
"You're like a dog she threw out,
though that's unfair to dogs-they're still living creatures. You? You're just trash to Ker. She wouldn't even look
I
your way. But I can tell you can
lock Annie up, put you both together, and then she'll only have you." 
Some people's love is obsessive and self-sacrificing. Brielle couldn't understand it, but seeing Murray, who still longed for Annie even after she tried to kill him, she knew how to manipulate him.
He just wanted Annie's attention. The more isolated they were, the more satisfied he'd be. Classic borderline personality disorder, and a creepy one at that.
A fierce light sparked in Murray's eyes, his breathing erratic. Brielle chuckled.
"I can keep you locked up here, and I can bring Annie too. Just make a deal with me. Once it's done, I'll put you both in the same place. She'll have to rely on you, and no one else will matter to her as much asyou. Sound good?" 
She handed Murray an electronic tablet with a delete button, her voice oozing temptation. "Write down your answer." Without hesitation, Murray wrote-I'll do it!
Just then, Addison returned, announcing the computer setup was ready. Brielle gestured for Murray to get out of bed. "We've got a deal. Do what I say, and once my goal is met, I'll bring Annie to you. My word is my bond."
###Chapter 842
Murray never doubted Brielle. After all, he and Annie had been keeping an eye on her for quite some time and knew her character well.
He was escorted to a computer room decked out with the latest tech. What used to be a cluttered storeroom was now an advanced tech hub, leased by Brielle. "Murray, tell me, where do you rank in the world of hacking?" she asked.
Without a second's hesitation, Murray scribbled on the digital whiteboard-Number 1.
Addison, standing behind Brielle, chimed in to provide some context. "The top-ranked hacker right now is a ghost. No one knows what he looks like. His skills are unmatched, capable of cracking any system. He was once the target of a massive international manhunt, but no photo of him exists. If this guy here is the real deal, then he's definitely number one."
Hacking was a mystery to Brielle, but Addison, a seasoned operative from Max's crew, was well-versed in such matters. Feeling reassured, Brielle spoke casually, "I need you to infiltrate the surveillance of the underground casino. Find the masked boss until the moment he removes his disguise."
Anyone with a bit of street smarts in Beaconsfield knew about the mysterious casino and its enigmatic, masked owner. Even the sight of him in his mask was rare. His appearances were brief, and he never lingered in one place too long, his whereabouts a constant puzzle. There was a rule: anyone who won a hundred billion in one night could meet him. Since the casino's inception, only a handful had met this criterion. Otherwise, he only appeared during major events, always masked. Inside the casino, he was the King.
Brielle had already sent Aiden to dig into Daisy's situation, but she couldn't just sit around. With an international trip looming and her return date uncertain, she needed to tie up loose ends.
Brielle's resolve surprised both Addison and Murray. She looked down, her voice even more detached. "The casino has a formidable firewall, but since you claim to be the world's best, it should be a challenge within your reach, right? Just be careful not to get tracked."
That was something a seasoned
hacker should be able to evade with
ease. Brielle had pondered long and hard and remained convinced there was something fishy about the casino owner's identity. Their first encounter had an odd familiarity, and the bizarre request he made in the alley only deepened her
suspicions. Perhaps this man was
someone close to her.
The casino was on the outskirts, and the entire estate was under his control. He surely had hidden rooms aplenty. If Murray could hack into any camera-equipped location, why not give it a shot?
It was a wild notion, but Brielle saw it as an opportunity. Without much hesitation, Murray fired up the computer and began hammering the keyboard like a madman.
To Brielle, who knew nothing of
hacking, the deal she offered Murray seemed irresistible. His obsession with Annie was clear, and if he could make sure Annie had eyes only for him, it would be a dream come true. This discarded dog had no hold over Annie unless she was captive
alongside him. 
So Brielle wasn't the least bit concerned that Murray might use this opportunity to tip off Annie or contact others. Indeed, Murray was fixated on the deal from the moment Brielle proposed it, his gaze burning with fervor.
He wished he could make the keyboard spark, just to expedite Brielle's goal so Miss Annie would be by his side. His Miss Annie, with eyes for him alone-what bliss.
Brielle held her breath, staring intently at the computer screen. Hacking into a place used to be easy for Murray, but this was the most secretive casino, so sweat dotted his forehead within minutes. The droplets traced a path down his face, hanging from his chin.
Addison, standing behind Brielle,
cautioned, "There was a time when a
group of international hackers tried to take down the casino system after losing big. They wanted
revenge but couldn't breach the net
defenses even after a full day and night. They ended up getting their location tracked. This could take time, and if there's any risk of detection, we need to pull out and
hide our tracks. That's what matters
most." 
No one knew how the mysterious owner might retaliate. Just as Brielle was about to nod, the computer screen filled with countless frames, each displaying live casino surveillance. She'd been to the casino before, so she instantly recognized the interior. It was daytime, yet the world never lacked for gamblers. A spark lit in her eyes as she scanned the multitude of screens for that masked figure. Soon, she zeroed in on one.
On the screen was a swimming pool, with the man in question seated at the forefront, being attended to by numerous staff. "Murray, zoom in on that screen," she urged, her voice tinged with urgency, glued to the display.
###Chapter 843
Murray obediently zoomed in on the screen, and in no time, the video took over the largest segment of the display.
In the footage, a woman knelt beside a man, gingerly massaging his legs. A mask covered most of her face, and the lighting around was dim, casting a soft glow. Despite this, it was clear what he was doing. The attendants in the background were the regulars from the casino floor; nothing seemed amiss. However, the woman massaging him didn't dare look up, her demeanor fraught with anxiety.
The man lounged in a robe, tied loosely at the waist, revealing glimpses of a well-sculpted physique. Since this was the pool area, he was obviously planning to swim, which meant he'd have to take off the mask at some point. Beside the screen, Murray's keyboard clacked incessantly, beads of sweat gathering on his forehead. His eyes questioned Brielle on how long they should watch; he was already under surveillance, and they were starting to strike back. "How long can you hold out?" Brielle asked.
Murray, fingers still flying over the keys, flashed a hand signal: five minutes. As skilled as he was, he couldn't withstand such an aggressive counterattack for long. Five minutes was the safe limit. "Then five minutes it is. The moment you can't hold out, pull back," Brielle instructed.
Murray nodded, his focus returning to the task at hand. Brielle, meanwhile, kept her gaze locked on the screen, not daring to look away for a second. The video flickered, and someone brought the man a drink and a platter of assorted fruits. He gestured for the massaging woman to leave, then sat up straight, fingers poised to untie his robe.
Brielle noticed a Bluetooth earpiece in his ear, glowing blue-someone was talking to him. But he remained silent, so the video feed was quiet. Brielle grew impatient, feeling time crawl by. The flickering became more frequent, like someone blinking rapidly. The screen's brightness fluctuated. Soon after, the image steadied, and the man stood up, now facing the camera. He slowly reached for the tie at his waist.
Though Brielle couldn't see his face, there was something tantalizing about the gesture, as if he was deliberately being provocative. Murray signaled with one finger-he could only hold out for one more minute. Brielle, frustrated with the man's dallying, wondered why he wouldn't just take off the mask.
The next second, the man looked directly into the camera. He pulled out his phone, a slight smirk on his lips, as if he were about to text someone. Brielle had a bad feeling, which was confirmed when her own phone buzzed with a new message.
If you like, I'll take it off in person for you next time.
Her lips pursed in anger, her face a portrait of displeasure. "Murray, pull back," she ordered.
Murray tapped a few keys, and the surveillance feed slowly faded away. Brielle's brow furrowed, her
expression dark as storm clouds et
She had underestimated the casino boss's capabilities, thinking she could sneak a peek at his true face, only to be outplayed. But how had he known it was her? 
She couldn't understand; to the outside world, she was just the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment. The idea of infiltrating a casino's internat affairs was ludicrous. Yet this man had pinpointed her immediately. Brieffe glanced at Murray, then thought of Addison behind her, and felt a headache coming on. Neither of them could be the leak, but how had he guessed? 
She felt an inexplicable irritation, like being toyed with repeatedly.
Elsewhere, Max had arrived at the hospital, where many members of the Dorsey family were gathered in the corridor: Most noticeable among them was William, flanked by his son Antonio. Antonio's looks didn't dazzle like the rest of the Dorsey clan but were considered pleasant enough. Antonio nodded subtly as Max approached. 
William's face bore the weight of concern, and he patted Max's shoulder. "Dad's been talking nonsense all of a sudden. The doctors say we should brace ourselves."
Max brushed William's hand away and took a seat nearby. "Right."
The Dorseys stood or sat, all waiting for the doctor's report on the patriarch. Someone spoke up, unable to contain their frustration. "If you ask me, the old man's been riled up by certain people's antics. He was fine until Dorsey International released those ridiculous statements." The "ridiculous statements" referred to the announcement clarifying Max was single and pursuing someone which had saved him from marrying Alivia.
###Chapter 844
Everybody in the Dorsey clan knew who Max was chasing after, and the old patriarch had already made it clear he wasn't happy about it. But Dorsey International went ahead and issued a statement, totally ignoring his wishes. Even though Max held a significant chunk of the company, no one was sure if the old man didn't have some tricks left up his sleeve.
The Dorsey family couldn't outmaneuver Max, so they were all banking on the old man to put Max in his place. But then, out of nowhere, the patriarch fell critically ill, and everyone was on edge.
All eyes turned suspiciously towards Max. Some even whispered, wondering if the old man's disapproval of Max's relationship with Brielle had pushed him to drastic measures.
At the back of the crowd stood Spencer, looking out of place. Gone were his expensive tailored suits; now, he was in workman's gear, clearly straight from the job site. But unlike some of the other scruffy folks, his overalls were spotless. When someone made a snide comment about Uncle Max, Spencer couldn't hold back. "Uncle Max isn't like that."
Immediately, everyone turned to look at him. Within the Dorsey family, Spencer's relationship with Max was awkward, to say the least. Everyone thought Spencer must hold a grudge against Max. After all, much of the family's troubles had Max's fingerprints all over them. But the arrogance that once marked Spencer's face had faded. Now, his eyes were humbly cast down. "Uncle Max has been running Dorsey International for years, and his achievements speak for themselves. Grandpa handed the company over to him a long time ago; there's no reason for him to harm Grandpa."
As Spencer spoke up, others snorted in disdain. "Spencer, what are you even doing here? You've been kicked out of the family. You have no right to stand with us."
Spencer stayed silent. He had heard about Michael's condition and couldn't help but come to check on him, knowing full well he'd face ridicule. He stood with his head bowed, as if the insults were just a breeze passing by. Max, on the other hand, was unruffled. The veiled barbs thrown at him were like water off a duck's back.
William, the self-appointed leader of the group, felt the collective gaze of the family urging him to speak. "Max, Dorsey International's biggest investment has tanked. You personally approved it. What's the plan now?"
Max, who had been pretending to nap, allowed a faint smirk to cross his lips. "Just ten billion. Dorsey International can handle it."
His tone was so nonchalant, as if the money was just play money.
William's face darkened, his eyes flashing dangerously. "The board is restless, demanding explanations."
"And which director might that be?" Max asked casually.
William found himself at a loss for words, feeling the sting of embarrassment. With so many Dorseys present, and as Max's older brother, he felt slighted by Max's lack of respect. Could Max have known about the sabotage the information he sold from under Dorsey International? He had been so careful, leaving no trace. 
Teeth clenched, William had been waiting for a fallout between father and son, hoping it would get worse But the old man had tolerated Max until now. Why should Max, at just
ten years old, be named heirst
given such a large stake in the company? 
"Max, that statement from Dorsey International was out of line. At the very least, you owe the executives an explanation."
But Max ignored him, closing his eyes again, as if jet-lagged.
Fuming, William could hear snickers from behind him. His face turned a mottled shade of red and green as he swallowed his pride.
If William couldn't get through to Max, the others dared not approach him either. Instead, they turned their scorn on Spencer. But Spencer's temper had cooled from the volatile days of old. He simply hung his head, the perfect picture of defeat. Bullying someone like him held no thrill-it was like stepping in mud, only to dirty their own shoes.
After a dozen jibes thrown his way, the group waited for the doctor's report. Then there was Antonio, the most unassuming of them all. He glanced at Max, then at Spencer, a slight smile playing on his lips.
Soon enough, the doctor emerged, announcing the old man wanted everyone else to leave. He wished for privacy in his ailing state but asked Antonio to stay behind for a private word.
Max was the first to leave, no strings
attached. But the rest were
reluctant, casting dubious glances at Antonio. Although part of Dorsey International, Antonio hadn't managed many projects and had spent years abroad. With his ordinary looks, he was practically invisible among the Dorseys. So why did the patriarch want to see him? 
The others were baffled, but William was elated, pushing Antonio through the door. "Go on! Hurry! See what Grandpa has to say."
###Chapter 845
After shoving the man into the room, William waved his hands dismissively. "Alright folks, the old man wants everyone out. Let's not hang around. He's not in the mood to see anyone these days."
The crowd, which included many from the various branches of Dorsey International, shifted uneasily. The doctor had made it clear: the patriarch's condition was critical. Who knew when he might pass? The last person to see him might get the first scoop on the will, and the old man hadn't mentioned anything about it yet.
Everyone in the hospital corridor had their own agendas. William, whose son had already been called in, started shooing the others away.
Inside the hospital room, Michael sat up in bed, looking surprisingly spry. Antonio approached and took a seat, showing utmost respect. "Grandfather."
Michael nodded curtly, his gaze wandering to the window. "How are things?"
"Uncle Max just returned from abroad. We're still not sure why he left, but his relationship with Brielle seems solid."
Michael sneered, his eyes cold. "Ashton, do you know why I chose you?"
Antonio didn't speak, instead pouring a glass of warm water for his grandfather. Michael took it, "You don't have your father's underhanded ways. He's always scheming to push Max out, but when you look at the Dorsey family, Max is the only one fit for the top job. Anyone else takes over, and Dorsey International will face disaster."
Michael had handpicked his successor, someone more capable than anyone in the main or side branches of Dorsey International. Antonio's gaze fell, a small smile forming on his lips.
"Uncle Max's abilities are indeed unmatched."
"But he has disappointed me somewhat. I'll give him one last chance." Michael's eyes darkened. "Otherwise, he'll learn the cost of defying me."
A flicker of anticipation crossed Antonio's eyes, his lips parting slightly. An hour later, when he emerged from the hospital room, no one knew what Michael had told him. The corridor was still crowded, but the patriarch's stance was clear-he would see no one.
As Antonio stepped out, he was immediately surrounded. He had never received such attention since joining Dorsey International; he simply chuckled. "Grandfather didn't say anything."
Down in the car, William called him over. The father and son planned to head back. "Did your grandfather really say nothing? An entire hour-what were you doing?"
"Grandfather only talked a bit about Uncle Max."
"Hmph," William grumbled, "It's high time he drafted a will. Max's head is all wrapped around Brielle; how can he lead Dorsey International? The old man still has twenty percent of the shares. It all comes down to who he decides to give them to." Those shares were the prize everyone at Dorsey International was after, which explained why the family manor had been unusually crowded lately.
"Ashton, while your grandfather is
still here and willing to see you, you need to secure his shares. The second son's family is gone, and the third might as well be dead, having not contacted the family for years. And Victoria? What can a woman do with stocks? Those side branches are nothing but wolves. Your grandfather isn't blind; we've got the best shot." 
"Father, you're absolutely right." Antonio's handsome face was a mask of respect, but his eyes gleamed shrewdly. William patted his shoulder, pleased. "If you could marry a well-connected socialite, your grandfather would think even more highly of you. After all, Max still doesn't have any kids."
Antonio didn't respond, his smile cold. But William had already begun mentally sifting through potential brides.
When they reached Antonio's place, the car came to a stop. After stepping out, Antonio walked into his villa and saw someone waiting in the living room. His demeanor instantly became respectful. "Sir."
The villa was spacious, and the seated man idly swirled his glass, his fingertips unnaturally pale. Antonio waited, head bowed, for his command.
"How's the old man?"
"Grandfather's holding up well."
The man scoffed, a thin smile on his lips. "Your father deliberately leaked Dorsey International's inside information. You have evidence, don't you?"
"I will personally report it to grandfather."
"Not bad, willing to sacrifice family for justice."
"Father's always played shallow
games. When he targeted Uncle
Max, grandfather was already aware
of his tactics. Now, he's simply
ignoring him. But selling out Dorsey International's business
He'll
secrets-that crosses a line.
end up like my second uncle."
As Antonio spoke, his face bore a smile devoid of emotion. "Father only wants grandfather's shares, but I'm different. I want the entirety of Dorsey International."
###Chapter 846
The man with the mask smirked. "Keep giving him those meds, and you'll just speed up his demise."
"I know. Thanks to your extensive connections, I managed to get my hands on it."
Antonio had been on the hunt for a partner, desperate to find this particular drug. But it was a fierce thing, banned not just domestically but internationally. It was rare even in places with more lenient regulations.
Then, out of the blue, this mysterious guy reached out, offering a partnership and a way to secure a foothold within the Dorsey family. Antonio had always lived in his father's shadow, doing whatever he was told. But he was tired of being a puppet. William's mediocre tactics were constantly overshadowed by Max's dominance, leaving no room for a turnaround.
Deep down, Antonio felt he was the one destined to take Max down. Brimming with confidence and now with a powerful ally, he was certain Max's downfall was imminent.
The mysterious man slowly stood up, setting down his glass. "Nice tea," he said, and then he was gone.
Antonio stayed rooted in place, respectfully looking down.
Meanwhile, Brielle had returned to the Premier Palace. She was restless, not having seen King's true face. She was due to travel abroad tomorrow, and now at eleven o'clock at night, Max was still out. It left her tossing and turning, uneasy.
It wasn't until 2 a.m. that the other side of the bed dipped. A cool breath approached, followed by the loosening of her pajama strings and a spread of warmth. Her dream world began to shake, and she groggily opened her eyes.
A deep male voice whispered in her ear, and with just a single lamp on, their mingled sweat glistened. Her cheeks flushed at his intensity, and she couldn't help but moan softly.
Max looked down at her, still stunning even in the dim light. His lips sealed hers, and she couldn't speak a word.
Brielle knew he didn't want to let go, so she let him be.
By eight in the morning, he was nibbling on her earlobe, breathing heavily against her neck. She was too spent to speak, but she had a flight at eleven and had to get up. She nudged him, and Max bit down on her lips one last time before reluctantly letting her go.
Brielle hurried into the bathroom for a shower, then grabbed her suitcase, packed the night before with a few clothes.
Max hadn't slept, the covers draped below his waist, watching her bustle about.
She called Keiran, asking him to head to the airport first.
As she was about to leave the bedroom, she couldn't resist looking back at Max. His exposed torso was enough to make her heart race. His skin was porcelain, his hair a disheveled halo, his satisfaction unhideable. 
She was indeed bewitched, so she dropped her suitcase and returned to bed for one last kiss. "Wait for me." Max chuckled softly, a light "Mhm" in response.
As much as she didn't want to leave, it was time to go. Max also had to start his day at Dorsey International.
On the way to the airport, she felt her bones still soft from their encounter, with the image of Max sitting on the bed like a celestial being or a fallen deity playing on a loop in her mind. 
She always knew Max had this power over people, but after every intimate moment, the sensation seemed to etch deeper into her bones.
At the airport, she spotted Keiran wrapped up tight.
He had already described his disguise over the phone-a necessity for a major celebrity like him to avoid causing a commotion.
Brielle hurried over, tapping his shoulder. But Keiran just glanced up, coldly brushing off her hand. "No autographs."
"It's me, Brielle. Let's go."
Frowning, Keiran sluggishly followed her.
They sat together on the plane, Brielle having booked a hotel near the rehab center under Keiran's name to keep her own profile low.
Upon landing, Keiran refused to go to the hotel, claiming he had friends in the area.
Brielle was surprised; the man who could hardly recognize faces had friends abroad. "Fine, I'll leave you to it. Remember, stay put. I'll contact you when it's time to head back." Keiran gave an 'okay' sign and departed.
Brielle then went to freshen up at the hotel for half an hour.
Max had messaged her about Owen from Infinity Brilliance attending a charity dinner that night, and for the rehab center, he had arranged for
her
to take on the role of a nurse.
###Chapter 847
As Brielle's palms pressed together, a pool of nervous perspiration had formed. It was that old feeling - the nearer to home, the greater the trepidation.
In just an hour, the charity gala would commence, and she had to change into her evening gown and head over with her invitation in hand. Due to the rush, her makeup was minimal, a simple elegance.
Although Max had been quite the amorous companion the previous night, he had been considerate enough not to leave any marks that would be visible with her gown. The only telltale sign was a faint mark on her earlobe, easily concealed.
Even with light makeup, Brielle's striking presence drew many an admiring glance. The gala was a noteworthy event in the North American social scene, and, with Infinity Brilliance in attendance, it had drawn the crème de la crème of the community - from the most distinguished Chinese Americans to a smattering of European aristocracy.
The buzz around Owen's return to the business world had been incessant, and royal backing was there ostensibly to bolster Infinity Brilliance's position. Not that the company needed it, given its global dominance over the years, but this gesture of support was one that Infinity Brilliance would not forget.
Brielle, not well-acquainted with the North American elite, found a quiet corner to settle down upon entering with her invitation. The Chinese Americans who had made it big were numerous, but the Lynches were in a league of their own at the pinnacle of Infinity Brilliance. The crowd was a mosaic of racial elegance - white, Asian, and a handful of black attendees, all exuding grace under the brilliant chandeliers. The heady scent of fine wine, the allure of gourmet desserts, and the walls adorned with priceless art - it all mirrored the opulence she first experienced attending an international auction with Max.
Brielle had strategically chosen a spot near the entrance for quick glimpses of the incoming guests. Her anxiety was palpable, fingers clenched around her wine glass, lips pursed in anticipation.
The entrance saw a steady trickle of arrivals, but none that eased her tension. It grew with every passing minute.
She had never met Owen of Infinity Brilliance. By the time she'd entered the finance world, his peak had passed before her birth. By the time she started paying attention to the business news, the titans had retreated from the public eye. In her era, Max was the name everyone knew, hence his access to the inner
je
circles of North America.
As she lowered her lashes, contemplating a sip of her wine, a commotion at the door caught her attention.
A group entered, leisurely,
commanding the room's focus.
—
Amidst the entourage, the middle-aged man at the center shone the brightest. A bespoke suit adorned his well-maintained figure, a single watch on his wrist, his eyes reminiscent of Dustin's the same charm, the same youthful allure of a man in his thirties, but with an air of refined sophistication. He greeted those around him with a smile that was both warm and distant. 
The lights seemed to bend towards him, yet it was his presence that outshone them. He was like a vintage wihe, growing more exquisite with time, his path thro the crowd marked by a rarefied grace. 
The eyes of the room followed him, yet few dared to approach. The young lacked the standing, the established hesitated given the crowd around him. Most were content to watch from afar. Brielle watched intently, nearly spilling her wine in her captivation. Her throat tightened, words failed her.
For a fleeting moment, their eyes might have met in the crowd, but his smile was brief, customary for a stranger, and he moved on.
Her heart raced. She stood, thinking to greet him later, but anxiety turned her fingertips white.
Then she saw her - Annie, at Raymond's side, smiling and engaging with the guests. Raymond spoke to her with a tenderness that revealed a close, familiar bond.
The sight of Annie, so close to Raymond, dissolved Brielle's nerves into an icy stiffness, and any prior anxiety faded into the background as she watched, her gaze locked onto Annie.
###Chapter 848
What's the deal between Annie and Mr. Lynch?
Brielle stood up but then slowly sank back into her chair, her eyes fixed on the scene across the room. Her face bore an uncanny resemblance to Annie's, and Annie seemed to be on familiar terms with everyone around, suggesting this wasn't her first time hanging out with Raymond.
Brielle felt like a giant conspiracy was unfolding, trapping every member of the Lynch family. She had come here to meet Owen, so she scanned the sea of faces for him. If Annie was connected to the people pulling the strings, then Brielle couldn't risk introducing herself to Raymond tonight. Doing so could arouse suspicion, ruining the diversion she had created a few days ago, and possibly putting her in danger abroad. Safety first.
So she found a more secluded spot, feeling a bit uneasy, and took a sip of whiskey, her gaze settling on the amber liquid in her glass. She should have seen it coming if someone as cautious as Dustin could be betrayed, it had to be by someone he deeply trusted. The forces targeting Infinity Brilliance had infiltrated every nook and cranny of the Lynch family, a family that had lost a child over twenty years ago. What about now, two decades later?
The adversary was too shrewd to take down the Lynch family all at once. Instead, they nibbled away at the family's defenses bit by bit. This plan had been brewing for at least twenty years, probably rooted in some old grudges.
Brielle thought she might need to dig into the love and hate from Owen's time.
Hidden in the crowd, she went unnoticed by Annie. Brielle noticed that Annie stayed close to Raymond the entire time, as if guarding against someone. That meant Brielle couldn't approach. From a distance, her eyes began to well up as she watched.
Her eyes grew sore from staring, and she knew it was time to leave. Tomorrow, she had to visit Desiree at the sanatorium. Even though she had toughened her heart, leaving still made her want to cry.
Raymond was surrounded by
aristocrats, all there to congratulate
him on his return to the public eye A
graceful smile adorned his face as he sipped his champagne, his lips curling slightly before finishing his drink. . FindNovel
The party continued, but Brielle, dressed in her gown, stepped outside. The breeze seemed to dissipate the scent of alcohol clinging to her. Lost in solitude, she reached the roadside, her isolation starkagainst the lively mansion in the distance. Luxury cars lined the curb, making it tough to hail a cab. She would need to walk a bit further. 
.
Yet Brielle remained still, just standing there. Her attire tonight was different, with a black fascinator concealing the upper half of her face. Unless someone got close, no one could tell who she was. It was a popular style abroad, and with her poise, she stood out even by the roadside. 
After a moment, Brielle decided to sober up, but a car stopped in front of her.
"Ms. Brielle?"
The man's voice was tinged with surprise and uncertainty. Brielle looked up, glancing at him. The window rolled down, bringing them close, within arm's reach, but she was certain she didn't know him.
"I'm Mr. Lynch's assistant. I saw you once at the auction, and Mr. Lynch often mentions you."
This Mr. Lynch had to be Dustin. Brielle parted her lips, but thinking of Dustin's unknown fate, she couldn't utter a word.
"Ms. Brielle, are you looking for a ride? I can take you."
Her heart softened, and a wave of emotion surged through her. If only she had reconciled with Dustin sooner, maybe none of the subsequent events would have happened.
###Chapter 849
"Thanks," she murmured as she slid into the passenger seat.
The driver glanced at her in the rearview mirror for a brief moment before asking, "Where to, Ms. Brielle?"
After Brielle gave the hotel's location, the man hesitated, then suggested something unexpected. "Mr. Lynch owns a villa nearby. It's always kept ready by a caretaker. If you don't mind, Ms. Brielle, you might find it more comfortable to stay there." Brielle paused, taking a second look at him. He smiled, a mix of shrewdness and reassurance in his expression.
"I've been with Mr. Lynch for five years now, and I've never heard him mention any other woman while at work. So I figured you must be special. Even if Mr. Lynch found out, he wouldn't blame me for suggesting it."
Now Brielle was curious. How had Dustin spoken of her to this man? Was there a misunderstanding about her relationship with Dustin?
After all, Dustin was known as North America's ultimate playboy, and she had already experienced his charm during their first encounter.
But Dustin did have one redeeming quality. Despite his notorious reputation, no woman had ever come forward to accuse him of being a heartbreaker. Brielle had never seen any such scandal in the news during the time she'd been paying attention. It seemed that Dustin, for all his apparent casualness, was selective and discreet.
The chance to stay at Dustin's villa wasn't something she would turn down. It might even give her an opportunity to uncover more clues.
So, she agreed, first stopping by the hotel to pick up her small suitcase before heading to the villa.
Dustin's villa was even closer to the sanatorium, likely chosen for its convenience in keeping an eye on the Lynch family matriarch, Desiree. Once inside, Brielle couldn't resist asking about the Lynch family.
"With Owen stepping back into the fray, do you have any idea how Dustin is taking it?"
She knew it was a probing question, and after a brief contemplation, the man simply replied, "Mr. Lynch will return."
It was a diplomatic way of avoiding her question. Brielle wasn't one to push; she let it go.
"Ms. Brielle, if you need anything at all, just call me. I've sent my number to your phone."
"You have my number?"
"Mr. Lynch had it noted down before."
Brielle was momentarily speechless, her heart aching with a mix of emotions. After a moment, she felt compelled to clarify.
"Dustin and I aren't involved in the way you might think."
The man chuckled softly, realizing the misunderstanding, and quickly retrieved a small, elegantly wrapped gift box from a cabinet.
The box was palm-sized and looked very refined.
"Ms. Brielle, this is a gift Mr. Lynch asked us to prepare for you," he said as he placed the box before her and then respectfully exited the room. Brielle sat on the sofa for a while before opening the gift box.
Inside was a miniature model of a private jet, studded with diamonds. The jet was painted a soft pink, its diamonds sparkling with purity. She was stunned, cradling the tiny jet in her hand and examining it closely, almost in disbelief.
The craftsmanship was exquisite, bursting with a youthful charm. Even though Brielle never had extravagant help
material desires, shegant
but adore this little gem. 
The jet was encrusted with diamonds that dazzled brilliantly under the light.
Brielle couldn't help but ponder, recalling Dustin's words about the Lynch family's grand jet prepared for the missing princess, adorned with diamonds. He had hoped his sister would one day return home on that plane, but for years, it had never taken flight. 
Now, Dustin had prepared such a thoughtful gift well in advance, indicating to those around him that his intentions toward Brielle were unique. Everyone knew about the Lynch family's warehouse-kept jet that had remained grounded for over two decades.
By gifting a smaller model to
another woman, Dustin wasn't
expressing romantic interest; he was
acknowledging a resemblance he
saw in her to his beloved sister.
en FindNovel
###Chapter 850
Brielle felt a knot in her stomach remembering her first run-in with Dustin. It hadn't exactly been a warm welcome, but there was no hostility in his demeanor. Their eyes locked, and he seemed startled before inviting her to be his date. Blood ties are perhaps the most inexplicable force in the world.
Dustin had always hoped Brielle could be his sister. But back then, she had her own family, and with the Fox family scandal blowing up, both of them shied away from such thoughts. Now, Dustin had disappeared with the truth.
Brielle watched Raymond and the woman next to him, Annie, feeling too hesitant to approach. Instead, she hid.
From the moment she set foot on this land, her heart was a whirlwind of nerves and excitement.
Tears streamed down her face when she saw the model airplane.
Dustin was undoubtedly the best brother anyone could ask for.
He just had to be okay.
In a remote mountain village.
Dustin lay in bed, his torso still wrapped in bandages.
Emma brought him a bowl of chicken noodle soup, avoiding eye contact.
"Drink this; you haven't had anything decent to eat in days."
Dustin glanced at her and opened his mouth, signaling for her to feed him.
Emma's face tightened as she spoon-fed him the soup. His mouth moved deftly, as if he was used to being pampered this way.
After the soup, Emma changed his bandages. The room was filled with the scent of herbal remedies.
Since the day Dustin woke up, the pungent aroma of herbs had filled the air, even clinging to Emma's skin with its ever-changing scent.
Once she finished tending to his wounds, Emma hurried outside to dry more herbs. She was the village's only herbalist, and her family depended on the sale of these herbs for their livelihood.
She cleaned and dried them, making
trips to town every couple of months to sell the dried herbs. It wasn't
get
much, but it could bring in about two thousand a month, although her mother's medical expenses took up half of that. 
Emma's skin, bronzed from constant sun exposure, had a healthy and athletic glow. This wasn't favored in her country, where pale and delicate features were the beauty standard. But in the West, her sun-kissed, muscular physique was the epitome of beauty. 
Even in the chill of early spring, she dressed lightly for herb gathering. Inside her room, she efficiently stripped off her coat, sliding two knives into her boots.
Through the slightly ajar door, Dustin's gaze caught Emma lifting her shirt, revealing her toned abs. Though in this isolated village, no one knew the allure of a defined core.
At twenty-five and unmarried, with
an ailing mother and a deceased
father, Emma's prospects for marriage were grim. Her fierce. reputation was notorious, making her the subject of village gossip. 
After changing, Emma grabbed her basket, ready to leave. Dustin watched her and couldn't help but speak up. "Where's the restroom?"
Emma stiffened, then turned to look at him. Dustin was still bedridden, in pain with every movement, and needed support. She had crafted a crutch for him, imitating one from a video, as those in town were expensive, but Dustin refused to use it.
He was tall, towering over her as he rose from the bed, almost enveloping her completely.
His arm draped over Emma's shoulder, he said nonchalantly, "I need to use the restroom."
After a moment's pause, Emma bent down and hoisted him onto her shoulder. "Shall I carry you then?"
"Ouch, ouch, ouch!" Dustin complained, the soup he had just ingested threatening to come back up. Pushing her away in exasperation, he protested, "Ever seen a woman carry a man like this?" The next second, she squatted in front of him, "Or, should I give you a piggyback ride?"
###Chapter 851
Dustin couldn't help but chuckle, a wry smile curling the corners of his mouth. "Alright, help me over there." "Sure."
Emma quickly stood up, wrapping an arm around his waist.
Her father had passed away early, and from the age of fifteen, she had carried her mother to school on her back. Sometimes, she'd even lug a bundle of firewood home from the roadside. So, if it really came down to it, carrying Dustin wouldn't be an issue. Their proximity meant that most of Dustin's weight leaned on her, and he could clearly feel the strength in her frame she was like a graceful little panther.
They were in the countryside, and not just any countryside, but a very impoverished one. Most of the young people had either moved to the town or the city.
Only those who had no other choice stayed behind to watch over the village.
Emma's family had an outhouse built of wood, clean but unfamiliar to Dustin. And with someone right beside him, he felt an odd sense of shyness creeping in. "Ahem."
He coughed, then jerked his chin upwards. "Turn around, would you?"
"Okay."
Emma turned, but her hands didn't forget their task of supporting him.
"And plug your ears for me."
Obediently, Emma blocked her ears, though with one hand still steadying him, she could only cover one side.
Standing behind her, Dustin smirked and unbuckled his belt.
The clothes he wore belonged to Emma's father. Though he had passed away years ago, she had kept his garments, washing them and folding them neatly. Her father had not owned a belt, so the one around Dustin's waist was a makeshift one Emma had fashioned from fabric.
Just as Dustin was undoing his belt, he heard her ask, "Do you want me to whistle?"
His hand froze, and he let out an exasperated laugh.
"Do you even know what you're saying?"
"Your body is still healing from some serious injuries. Without proper medical facilities here, I'm not sure if your kidneys were affected." "They're fine, my kidneys are strong."
"And how do you know that?"
Dustin was at a loss for words, grinding his teeth before retorting, "If you don't believe me, feel free to check."
Emma fell silent, and Dustin thought perhaps she was embarrassed. He huffed and proceeded to relieve himself in the outhouse. When they emerged, Emma led him to wash his hands.
Dustin's skin was very pale, creating a stark contrast under the faucet next to Emma's.
She was in her early twenties, her
skin bronzed from the sun, while et
Dustin's hands, long and graceful under the running water, looked like fine porcelain. 
If such a skin tone were on a woman, she'd be praised for her alabaster complexion.
Because of her darker skin, she had been mocked more than once.
Sighing, she realized time was getting on, and she needed to head up the mountain to gather herbs.
"If you get bored, I can set up a deck chair outside the main house for you. You can look at the mountains in the distance; it's good for your eyes."
Dustin felt incredibly weak, barely able to stand without support.
Leaning against the door, he watched as Emma hoisted the hefty deck chair with ease, his mouth twitching in surprise.
Emma was unlike any woman he had ever encountered.
As he pondered this, a sharp pain shot through his head, a parade of women's faces flashing across his mind.
But he couldn't remember their names, let alone his own.
"Cough, cough."
He coughed violently, his chest searing with pain.
Emma helped him sit, "I haven't asked you yet-how did you get hurt? If you can't remember, don't worry about it. You shouldn't think too hard these days; your injuries are serious. Just relax and focus on resting." FindNovel
"To find my sister."
s won
Emma paused, images of young girls sold into remote areas as child brides flashing through her mind.
When Dustin spoke, even he seemed surprised by his certainty.
"Looking for my sister."
"Was she sold here?"
Dustin shook his head, his
handsome face clouded with confusion. Every time he tried to
recall why he ended up here, a wave
of anger surged in his heart,
impossible to suppress. 
###Chapter 852
Emma knew he couldn't remember, so she helped him settle into the recliner, deciding not to stress him out further.
"Just stay here. I'll be back in the afternoon. Here's some warm water, and the coal stove nearby will keep it from cooling down. Pour some into the cup and let it cool a bit before you drink." Emma placed everything within Dustin's easy reach, so he wouldn't have to move a muscle.
The village might have been humble, but the view from this spot was stunning-a landscape painted in shades of green, soothing on the eyes.
Once Dustin was settled, Emma picked up her basket and headed up the mountain again.
Dustin sat back in the recliner, hearing the harsh coughing coming from inside the house. He knew it was Emma's mother. He'd heard that her health had always been fragile, requiring her to drink loads of herbal remedies just to manage getting out of bed. Dustin was a patient himself, so the two hadn't met yet.
Leaning back, he squinted his eyes, intending to rest, but his thoughts drifted back to his search for his sister.
But who was she?
Just thinking about it sent a sharp pain through his head. His face went pale as he realized he had to take it easy and slowly calmed the emotions swirling inside him. Finding his sister seemed like an obsession, the most important task of his life. But for now, he needed to focus on getting better. At ten o'clock that evening...
Brielle sat on the couch for a while before making her way to the study. Dustin might have had a carefree demeanor, but his study was impeccably organized. The desk was cluttered with documents and a computer, while a chalkboard on the wall was marked with various countries and cities. The dense handwriting showed just how diligent the note-taker had been.
Her eyes scanned the room briefly before tears welled up. This was Dustin's map of his efforts to find the lost princess, tracing the faintest leads across countless countries.
The trail had been elusive; the Lynch family had clung to the slimmest clues, scouring many nations across Europe, Asia, and even the most remote corners of the world.
The last entries focused on
Beaconsfield, a city circled on the map with a thick red outline. After all, with the child lost for over twenty years who knew what twists of fate She
she might have encoutent
could be anywhere by now, 
Brielle's fingers hovered over the chalk marks, trembling slightly, not daring to touch. She returned to the desk, took a deep breath, and started searching through the documents. Dustin had been looking for his lost sister for years, and he certainly knew someone had been deliberately obstructing him. Had he compiled information about these grudges as well? 
After a brief search, she found nothing. Just as she was about to stand up, she heard footsteps on the stairs heading towards the study
Her eyes widened, and Sealy
ducked behind a bookshelf,
crouching so no one could spot her. 
"Have you found JD yet?"
Brielle quickly hid behind a shelf, crouching down so she couldn't be seen. A calm, rational woman's voice spoke up.
"Keep sending people. Even if we have to turn Beaconsfield upside down, we must find him."
A shadowy figure nodded in the darkness. Brielle wondered why there was only the woman's voice and no responses until she heard the woman murmur again.
"JD's disappearance must be linked to his search for his sister. I've pushed him too hard these years, neglecting his feelings."
The figure in the dark gestured as if offering comfort. The woman chuckled softly, her eyes reddening as she gazed at the scribbles on the chalkboard.
"JD has tried so hard; I don't want to lose a son after losing a daughter. After all these years, I should accept reality. That child is probably long gone. It's my obsession that's made JD's life so hard."
Brielle huddled behind the cabinet, her body curled up, not daring to make a sound, even her breathing softened. Only the woman's voice was audible, but the footsteps suggested two people. The other must be mute.
###Chapter 853
The woman was Dustin's mother, a former powerhouse in the business world, and her own mother. She was dying to step outside, but if anyone asked who she was, what could she possibly say? Especially here, among the Lynch family, she couldn't tell who was a friend and who was a foe, or who had betrayed Dustin. It could be someone from Raymond's circle, from this lady's entourage, or even from Dustin's own camp. Even Dummy was a suspect.
Going out now would be like walking right into the lion's den, making it clear she suspected something about her own identity. What would await her then? She didn't dare think about it. She felt like she was walking on a tightrope over an abyss, where one wrong step could ruin everything.
Brielle fought to control her racing heart, listening as the footsteps grew fainter. She had planned to step out, but something held her back, so she stayed hidden. The woman left, but Dummy remained standing in the study. Silent as a shadow, if anyone were just listening, they wouldn't know someone else was there. His eyes scanned the room, and finding nothing out of place, he smirked slightly before following the woman.
The footsteps faded away. Brielle, with the patience of a saint, crouched for an hour until her legs went numb, then slowly made her way out. The study was empty now, the lingering scent the only sign of recent visitors. Standing at the door, she listened carefully to the sounds outside before stepping out. She was thankful for her caution; she had placed her shoes deep in the foyer and her suitcase in the bedroom. The villa was so spotless it looked like no one had been there, so she remained unnoticed.
Brielle let out a sigh of relief but felt a pang of melancholy. Back in the room she had randomly chosen, she felt exhausted. Just then, a message from Max buzzed in.
"Resting yet?"
Brielle was ready to rest, especially with a visit to the sanatorium to see Desiree the next morning, and she had to work there for a few days. "Soon."
Max scrolled through his phone's emojis, finally picking a rose and sending it over. Brielle chuckled, her mood lifting as she sent a rose back. "Cliché."
"But romantic."
After a bath, she lay in bed but couldn't sleep, her mind replaying the recent conversations. Over the years, Dustin had juggled managing Infinity Brilliance and searching for his missing sister, a truly exhausting endeavor. Yet, Infinity Brilliance was thriving under his leadership.
Brielle turned over, sighing softly. She could now see that those blocking their path were driven by old grudges and vendettas from the previous generation. In Raymond's prime, it was a dazzling era. In her own time, the most influential young financier was Max. But that era also coincided with the nation's rapid development, brimming with talent. It takes countless moments of brilliance and hours of leisure to create history's significant
milestones. That era was one of the best. 
The Lynch family had dominated the diamond trade since the old days, with Raymond stirring up storms in his prime. His wife was equally formidable, making them a magnet for trouble. Brielle felt worn out but her mind was unusually alert. She took out the sleeping pills-she carried for insomnia, swallowed two, and forced her eyes shut. 
The next day.
She was up by seven, the jet lag still clinging to her, but she was eager to get to the sanatorium. Quickly dressed, she headed out. The sanatorium was just a few minutes' walk away. Brielle put on her hat and opened the door, only to find a man shrouded in darkness standing there. A large cloak covered his head, hiding most of his face, leaving only scarred skin visible. 
Brielle instinctively stepped back, her eyes wary. The man gestured with his hands, but Brielle, not knowing sign language, had no idea what he meant. He looked at her for a moment longer, then stepped aside. That must have been the mute from last night.
###Chapter 854
Brielle had no interest in chatting with him. When she saw him turn away, she took it as her chance to leave.
But suddenly, he grabbed her wrist. Instinctively, she jerked back, ready to fight, but he quickly let go and raised his hands above his head, showing he meant no harm. Brielle frowned. His face was probably scarred, hidden from view under that dark cloak. Meeting King back home had made her wary of anyone who kept their face covered. "What do you want?" she asked coolly, trying to peer into his eyes. But the thick black veil revealed nothing.
Not waiting for an answer, she marched toward the exit.
The man stayed put, watching her walk away.
After a few hundred meters, she heard footsteps behind her, steady and relentless. He was like a shadow she couldn't shake.
When someone tugged at her hem, Brielle stopped abruptly. She took a deep breath and forced a polite smile. "Are you with Dustin? Is there something you need to tell me?"
The stranger, appearing outside Dustin's villa so early in the morning, must have been close to him. The man gestured wildly, but Brielle shook her head.
"Sorry, I don't understand sign language."
Without waiting for a response, she finally walked away for good.
The man stood there, not following, his eyes lingering on her retreating figure. After a while, he returned to a nearby car where Annie was sitting.
Annie, looking innocent, was playing with her nails. She glanced up, respectful yet puzzled.
"Having trouble letting go?" she asked.
The man said nothing, his exposed fingertips ghostly pale.
Annie rolled down the window, watching Brielle head toward the sanatorium, a sly smile forming on her lips. "With Dustin missing, this is our best shot. If you can't do it, I can. You wasted last night, waiting outside the villa. But she knows nothing. I'm curious, what is this thing called 'liking' anyway? It's got you and our senior brother all twisted up." 
Annie twirled a dagger expertly, doubt in her eyes. "Murray was with me for years, but when he had to die, I felt nothing.
. This is our e
Any slip-up, and we're the ones in
trouble. So I'll handle it. If you had been ruthless with Dustin,
wouldn't have had a chance to escape." 
Annie opened the car door, her eyes fierce. The man tried to stop her, but she cut him off.
"If Brielle doesn't die, we will."
She turned to face him. "You might be willing to die for her, but I'm not. Besides, you've already betrayed Dustin. If he's still alive and comes back, what do you think will happen to you? Don't forget whose hand holds your life." The man released his grip and sighed softly. "At least, let her see Desiree."
Annie frowned, her smile twisting. "I'm not as soft-hearted as you. Just wait here!"
With that, she slammed the car door shut and strode off in the direction Brielle had gone. But even as she entered the sanatorium, Brielle was nowhere to be seen.
The staff greeted Annie warmly. "Annie, here again today?"
Annie smiled and headed straight to Desiree's room.
Desiree, part of the Lynch family,
was in poor shape. She sat on the bed, her hands gnarled like tree bark, fingers crumpled together. She wasn't in a hospital gown but wore a loose-fitting dress, her white hair meticulously styled-a dignified holdover from an older generation. 
The dress, custom-made to be roomy, allowed her to move freely. Annie approached, hiding the dagger behind her, her gaze scanning the room.
"Grandma, hasn't anyone else come to see you today?"
Strange, Brielle was supposed to be here. Where was she?
###Chapter 855
Desiree held onto a lace handkerchief, looking a bit under the weather. Despite this, she shook her head and managed a faint smile at Annie.
Annie kept one hand behind her back, gripping a dagger, her face showing nothing but innocent cheerfulness.
"Make sure you rest up, dear. Godfather's been swamped with his new project and hasn't had the chance to visit, but you're not holding it against him, are you?" Desiree's voice was weak but carried a touch of elegance. "He's got a lot on his plate too."
Annie lowered her lashes. "I'll check what the kitchen cooked up today."
"Sasha, I'd like to be alone for the rest of the afternoon. No visitors."
"Of course, Grandma. I'll let everyone know."
Once Annie left and gently closed the door, she turned to the nearby guard. "Did anyone else come in earlier?"
The doorman shook his head. "Today, you were the only one who entered, Annie."
Annie frowned, her eyes clouded with doubt. Where on earth had Brielle gone?
"Cough, cough."
Desiree cleared her throat and reached for her handkerchief to dab at the corners of her mouth. Her aged hand patted the bed.
"Come out now."
Brielle slowly crawled out from under the bed, her gaze meeting Desiree's kind eyes. Sunlight streamed into the room through the open window. She hadn't used the front door; she'd come through the window.
The doorman wasn't there to monitor Desiree but to be at her beck and call. When Brielle first arrived, Desiree merely glanced at her. Now, in the stillness, Brielle didn't know what to say.
Desiree sighed and closed her eyes. "You and Sasha are spitting images of each other."
Brielle stayed quiet. Technically, it was Annie who resembled the lady from the Lynch family, Dustin's
mother. Brielle resembled her too et
but since Annie wasn't a Lynch by blood, her appearance seemed to inoculate the Lynch family against the resemblance - there are plenty of lookalikes in the world. 
The reason the powers that be hadn't let Annie assume the identity of the Lynch daughter outright could be that the Lynches weren't easily, fooled. With so many in the family particularly one close to Raymond, a renowned doctor, it was hard to pull the wool over their eyes. So Annie was placed in the open as a reminder to the Lynches:
resemblance doesn't prove lineage. 
And if it came down to it, Annie bore even more resemblance to the Lynch family Brielle's features weren't an exact match for anyone in particular; she was a blend of two people Annie had been deliberately brought closer to the Lynches in appearance, and Brielle wondered whether this was by nature or a carefully crafted facade. 
Faced with Desiree's remark, she didn't know what to say.
Desiree was frail, barely managing to speak a few sentences before leaning back on the bed, her eyes half-closed as if drifting to sleep. Brielle gently reached out and began to softly massage her legs. Desiree's eyes fluttered open again, and she patted Brielle's hand lightly. "Good girl, as dutiful as little Jude."
After speaking, Desiree started to cough, but her body was so weak that she barely made a sound. Brielle said nothing, carefully massaging her legs.
Desiree's hair was completely white, a testament to her holding on by a thread. But as the saying goes, time doesn't mar a beauty. In her countenance, one could glimpse the charm of her youth.
Brielle knew she couldn't stay long - Annie had already detected her presence. When she woke up that morning, Max had sent her two texts. One simply said: Missing you. The other warned: Watch out for the man with the scar on his face; he might be the one who betrayed Dustin.
So when she opened the door and saw the scarred mute man, her instincts screamed caution. And she sensed his hesitation. Max had also cautioned her to trust no one. In a conspiracy years in the making, everyone close to the Lynches was suspect.
###Chapter 856
Brielle gently massaged Desiree's shoulders, her touch light and careful. She bit her lip, her eyes rimmed red as she continued her soothing motions. After a while, Desiree's aged voice broke the silence.
"What's this, sweetheart? Why the tears?"
Brielle snapped out of her thoughts and realized her own tears had stained the quilt with a spreading watermark. Quickly, she wiped them away. Desiree lifted a hand and gently patted Brielle's back.
"You're still young, my dear. There's no hurdle too high to overcome."
Everyone at the sanatorium knew Desiree for her sweet disposition. She came from a line of genuine blue blood, a true lady in every sense.
Desiree had spoken enough for the day. Feeling weary, she shuffled under the covers, preparing to lie down. Brielle supported her back, helping her settle into a comfortable position. Desiree gave her a kind glance, wanting to say thanks, but her energy failed her. She slowly closed her eyes instead.
Brielle heard voices approaching the door, suggesting someone was about to enter. She stood up and neatly tucked in Desiree's quilt. Desiree had fallen asleep, her breathing soft and steady.
"Grandma, I'm sorry I couldn't call out to you while you were awake. Your health is so fragile, I was afraid to cause you any distress. Yesterday, I caught a glimpse of father from afar, but I didn't dare approach. So many people are trying to keep me away from you, and I don't even know who they are."
She slipped a note she had prepared earlier into Desiree's hand, the only way to tell her that her granddaughter was still alive. Desiree's health was hanging by a thread, and reading the note might not stir her emotions too much. It was better than two people who missed each other dearly breaking down in tears face-to-face.
Brielle hoped for her longevity, so she didn't dare take the risk.
The voices grew closer, and she moved to the window, slipping out silently.
When Annie walked in, she found only Desiree, staring blankly at the ceiling, with no sign of anyone else. A breeze wafted through the window, making the curtains flutter. Annie searched outside but found no trace of Brielle, even though the surveillance confirmed she had entered the sanatorium. A flicker of malice crossed her eyes as she pressed further.
"Grandmother, are you sure no one came to visit just now?"
Desiree kept her eyes shut, offering no response. Annie knew she was running on fumes, barely holding or Without waiting for an answer, Annie ked to the window and looked
walked to
out into the distance. Nothing
Where could Brielle have gone?
Her lips curled into a cold smirk as she left the room. Several people were already standing around the sanatorium. Annie gestured dismissively.
"Find her. And this time, make sure she doesn't leave the country."
Those meant to be dead should not cling to life.
As she exited the sanatorium and
saw the car waiting for her, she climbed in to find a man shrouded in black attire already inside. Her expression soured. 
"Didn't find her. You must be pleased, huh?"
The man said nothing, his pale fingers tapping lightly on the window frame. Annie didn't dare push him
too hard after all, he was no Murray, not her lackey. She was convinced that Brielle hadn't left the
sanatorium because there were only two exits, both manned by her people. 
No one wanted Brielle to make it back alive, especially not to show her face in front of the Lynch family.
They searched until nightfall, but Brielle remained unaccounted for. Annie shot the man a glance. "Did you help her?"
How else could Brielle have managed to stay hidden this long?
The man chuckled lightly, the corners of his mouth turning up in amusement.
"Not at all."
Annie was furious, ordering an intensified search.
###Chapter 857
The car had just cruised around the sanatorium, but the search was fruitless.
Annie, exhausted by the end, ordered her team to keep a close watch on the sanatorium. If Brielle showed up, they were to take her out immediately, no questions asked. The car sped off, its taillights fading into the distance.
As they passed a deserted alley, Brielle finally released her grip on the undercarriage and slipped into the shadows, her heart pounding from the close call. It was a risky move, but she had no other choice. Luckily, no one noticed her.
Unfamiliar with the city, she wandered through the maze-like alleys, unable to find an exit. Returning to the villa was out of the question with that mute guy around. She needed a new hiding spot.
That's when she thought of Keiran. To shake her pursuers, she needed to bank on Keiran's notoriety, to make a bold appearance in the city. That would give her pursuers pause. They'd have to think twice, as causing a media frenzy would bring them trouble too. So, Brielle dialed Keiran's number.
Before she had gotten off the plane, she'd told Keiran to keep his phone handy - even if it was one of those old-school flip phones, it should be enough to take a call.
Keiran answered almost immediately.
"Hello?"
"It's Brielle."
She quickly briefed Keiran, telling him to come get her. He responded promptly, instructing her to stay put.
Relieved, Brielle had just ended the call when she heard a voice.
"Ms. Brielle."
It was strangely familiar. She looked up to see one of Max's men, the one in uniform.
But what was he doing here?
"Ms. Brielle, the boss is here too. Please, come with me."
His tone was respectful, and the surrounding silence was thick, broken only by the occasional car passing by.
Instinctively, Brielle glanced at her phone. If Max was here, why hadn't he called her himself?
Just as she thought that, her phone rang - it was Max. She was about to answer when a shout broke the silence. "She's over here!"
The ringing phone gave away her position.
Brielle answered while moving deeper into the shadows, asking Max, "You're here?"
The line was full of static, making it impossible to understand.
"Ms. Brielle, this way," the uniformed man urged, leading the way with confidence.
Brielle glanced behind her; footsteps were closing in. She instinctively followed the man.
But the static on the line worsened
Her phone was a secure line from Patrick and Max's phone was secure too. It had to be eitherà bad signal or a jammer nearby 
She hung up and asked the man, "Why would Max come here?"
"The boss is worried about you."
"I have someone coming to get me. Just hold off anyone following me. I'll be fine."
Her voice was icy, and she moved past him, leaving him behind.
"Make sure you stay safe. Just buy me some time."
The man in uniform stood there, thinking, then nodded slowly. "Alright, Ms. Brielle, take care."
Brielle pressed on, navigating the darkening alley. Something felt off. The alley grew more oppressive.
Hearing footsteps, she started running, desperate to get away from everyone, including the man in uniform.
She wasn't naive; she stayed alert.
One moment she was talking to Keiran, the next, the signal went haywire just as the uniformed man appeared. 
Max had warned her: trust no one.
The phone was on silent as she ran. She tried to call back, but the screen dimmed - her battery was dead.
The uniformed man's voice echoed behind her.
"Ms. Brielle, why are you running?"
His confusion sent chills down her spine.
Suddenly, an arm shot out from the shadows, pulling her aside. A door appeared in the wall, and a man dragged her through, clamping a hand over her mouth. 
Brielle's eyes widened in terror as the uniformed man's footsteps passed by, unaware.
She struggled fiercely, but the man held on tighter.
It was the mute!
###Chapter 858
He held up a finger in front of his lips, signaling for her to keep quiet.
Brielle didn't say a word, but her hand slipped into her sleeve, where she had hidden a folding pocketknife she found last night while rummaging through the villa. Back home, Max had given her a gun, but that wouldn't make it through airport security, so she had to settle for the pocketknife for protection. The mute guy was just too weird; she couldn't figure out if he was friend or foe.
When the footsteps faded, he released her and pointed down another path, gesturing for her to follow. Brielle didn't speak, but her heart raced, feeling like death was just around the corner tonight.
As she moved forward, her foot accidentally snapped something with a soft "crack." In the dim light, she saw it was a stick, now broken in two. The man ahead seemed to realize he had dropped something and slowly walked back to her, kneeling to pick up the pieces of the stick.
Brielle watched his pale hand, taking a step back, as he carefully tucked the stick back inside his coat, as though it were something precious. The man walked about ten meters ahead, then paused when he heard her soft footsteps, a slight smile curving his lips. Brielle slipped the folding pocketknife back into her sleeve and followed him. Ten minutes later, she finally emerged from the alleyway. Keiran's car was parked not too far away.
She stepped forward, intending to head for the car, but then glanced back at the mute one last time. He stood quietly in the darkness, blending with the shadows, like someone who was never meant for the light.
Brielle opened her mouth and finally said one word. "Thanks."
He didn't respond, and after she spoke, she walked away with determined strides. As she approached the car, Brielle's expression turned cold, with a hint of confusion. She opened the car door and saw Keiran sitting inside.
Worried that his face-blindness
might be acting up again, she was about to introduce herself when she noticed a small pendant hanging in Keiran's car, with her photo on it. The thought of being displayed like that didn't exactly thrill her, but she took some comfort in the fact that Keiran seemed to be trying to remember her face. 
"Let's crash at my buddy's place tonight," he said, upbeat and humming a tune.
Brielle, however, kept looking back at where the mute had stood, her mind now filled with numerous thoughts. She used the car charger to power up her phone. As soon as it was on, Max's call came through, asking where she was.
In that moment, Brielle felt a huge sense of relief. Max must have sensed something was off with her because he recited his address. It was a high-end hotel, and she relayed the address to Keiran.
Keiran cocked his head, puzzled. "Not going to my friend's place?"
"No, Max is here."
Without further questions, Keiran turned the car around. Half an hour later, they pulled up at the hotel where Max was staying. Brielle was somewhat surprised that Max would come overseas at such a critical time, considering the Dorsey family had their share of issues, But she truly felt relieved. 
She got out of the car and couldn't help but ask Keiran to stay as well. "Why don't you book a room here too?" Keiran drove a luxury car, not his own, but a friend's. "No, my friend is waiting for me."
So Brielle didn't press further. Upon entering the lobby, she immediately spotted Max sitting on a couch, his fingers tapping away at his laptop probably remote conferencing with the bigwigs at Beaconsfield. Seeing her he closed his laptop and pulled her into his arms. 
"Sorry, my phone died," Brielle explained. Max didn't say anything, just held her quietly for a moment.
###Chapter 859
The penthouse suite was quiet, save for the low murmur of Max's voice as he spoke on the phone by the floor-to-ceiling windows. Fresh out of the shower, Brielle lay on the bed, watching him as he hung up and opened his laptop to continue a meeting with senior He was always so busy.
executives.
Though she didn't sleep, Brielle's gaze never left Max. The room's dim lighting made the city lights behind him seem especially enchanting, casting a golden glow around his silhouette. The laptop's glow illuminated his features, highlighting the sharpness and aloofness of his expressions.
"This proposal needs to be redone. We'll discuss the rest later," Max said abruptly, shutting his laptop before anyone could respond. His phone rang again before he could stand - it was Patrick calling.
"Mr. President, it seems Michael has caught wind of your trip abroad. He asked me to tell you he wants to meet tomorrow."
Knowing Max was overseas, Michael must be seizing the opportunity.
"What's Antonio up to?" Max inquired.
"He's taking care of the old man. Probably aiming for the shares he's holding. Once he gets them, along with what William has, he'll become the second-largest shareholder of Dorsey International, right after you." Max felt no ripple of concern.
Patrick had been by his side for years, yet he couldn't fathom what went on in Max's mind. To Max, running Dorsey International seemed like a mere convenience.
But what did Max truly want to do?
"I understand. No need to hover over the hospital, and avoid conflicts with the execs," Max directed before ending the call and locking eyes with Brielle.
Brielle's hair, freshly washed and dried, fell in natural, slightly tousled waves.
Max powered off his phone and approached the bed, effortlessly pulling her into his arms.
"Are you sure it's okay to not be at the helm of Dorsey International right now?" she asked. With Michael's health in question, possibly due to foul play, Max's absence could give adversaries an advantage.
Max's response was to seal her lips with his, his hands wandering downward as if nothing else mattered.
But Brielle had questions, so when he seemed eager to continue, she gently pushed back.
"What exactly is Annie's connection to all this? And that man by your side, I still don't know his name. I felt like he was out to get me tonight."
Max, though frustrated, took her cool hand into his and toyed with it.
"She's my professor's goddaughter. The professor has strong ties to the Lynch family. They have a very influential butler who's been with them since Owen's time. He's in his seventies now, and the professor is his son. As for their grievances, you know, Infinity Brilliance is a top-tier North American dynasty, and they don't tell outsiders their people's stories. Plus, those who work for the Lynch family are tight-lipped. That's all I know for now."
The connection between the professor and the Lynch family was starting to make sense.
Brielle pursed her lips in thought. No. wonder Annie seemed so close to Raymond-being the professor's goddaughter, she must be a regular presence around the Lynch family. 
As a reward for his information, Brielle planted a soft kiss on Max's lips.
He could tell she wasn't in the mood tonight.
"How influential is the butler in the Lynch family?" she asked, piecing together the puzzle where both the butler and the professor seemed suspicious. "Owen grew up under his care."
In a sense, the butler was almost like a father to him.
Brielle fell silent, contemplating her
own difficult recognition by the
Lynch family. If it was indeed the butler causing trouble, even if she boldly returned, he could easily label her an imposter and have her
Ousted. n
Her lashes cast a shadow as she continued her inquiries.
"What about the man who's been following you? He seemed dangerous tonight." His sudden appearance and the aura of menace he carried were unsettling.
Did Max's keen eye for people mean even those closest to him could betray him? Max didn't answer immediately, instead, he lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it gently. "I'll have someone handle him."
His response didn't satisfy Brielle. She lay beside Max, staring straight at him. Just as he opened his mouth to speak, she turned and straddled his waist. 
He inhaled sharply, his jawline tensing.
The desire in his eyes was striking, his gaze predatory in the dim light.
"Max, I don't know who to trust anymore," she confessed, her voice laced with uncertainty.
Her words doused the fire between them. Max's hands settled on her waist with a measure of restraint.
Brielle leaned into his chest, her voice soft yet seeking assurance, "But I can trust you, right?"
###Chapter 860
After she finished speaking, she didn't wait for his reply; her lips landed softly on his.
Max's hands shifted from her waist to her back, patting gently in a comforting rhythm. The pressure of the kiss lightened. Their positions switched in an instant.
Brielle was indeed tired, too weary to move, so she simply raised her hands to encircle his neck. He was gentler than before, occasionally kissing the corners of her eyes in a soothing manner. But Brielle was truly exhausted. Her hands slowly dropped, and she drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, she woke up still nestled in his embrace. One of his hands was tapping away at the keyboard, while the other cradled her head, keeping her securely by his side. This gesture filled her with a sense of security, prompting her to nuzzle contentedly in the palm of his hand.
Brielle didn't rush to speak or get out of bed. Instead, she indulged in the warmth a little longer. When room service arrived with breakfast, she finally made her way leisurely to the bathroom to freshen up.
During breakfast, she wanted to share the secret she'd been harboring with Max. But the thought of the mute man lurking in the shadows cast a gloom over her, and she listlessly picked at the food on her plate. "Brielle?"
"Hmm?"
"Do you have a beef with that steak or something?"
Brielle looked down at her plate. The steak was poked and prodded into an unappetizing mess. Max swapped her plate for a classic American breakfast nearby. "What's up? You seem distracted. Something on your mind?"
Brielle shook her head and silently sipped her soup. After eating, she stood by the floor-to-ceiling window, admiring the view outside. Max took a call on the side. His phone had been off the night before, and as soon as he turned it back on, it was bombarded with calls. But he handled them all with ease.
Once he hung up, he saw Brielle daydreaming and approached her, wrapping his arms around her from behind. "Were you scared last night?"
Brielle tensed up, then slowly relaxed again. "No, just trying to figure out what's real and what's not." This identity had been hidden for over two decades. The longer she stayed, the more she felt like she was hanging in the air, untethered.
Max kissed her ear and rested his chin on her shoulder. "Don't worry, I'm here."
Brielle fell silent, then heard him ask, "I'm off to see the professor. Want to come along?"
Perfect, Brielle was curious about this so-called professor as well. It might be good to tag along. But when they arrived, they were informed that the professor had gone to the research institute and was not seeing visitors. 
Max's eyes narrowed, and he pulled Brielle into his embrace. "Got any plans for today?"
Brielle had been out of sorts all morning, even somewhat adrift. Now, faced with his question, she genuinely didn't know what to do.
Meanwhile, back at the villa, the
professor was indeed sitting in the
living room. A servant came to
venet
report that the two had left. The professor's face was covered bushy beard, and he wore
gold-rimmed glasses. Putting down the newspaper, he took a sip of his bitter, aromatic coffee. 
"Sasha said you couldn't bring yourself to do it?"
The man didn't respond, just poured himself a cup of coffee. The professor narrowed his eyes, then shook his head gently. "You should learn from Annie. That kid has never known emotion, so she does whatever she pleases." "I can't."
"I should never have let you meet her. If it had been someone else, she might already be dead."
"And you, why do you keep him alive?"
The atmosphere around the professor turned icy as he gripped his coffee cup. "You're overstepping." A chill of menace filled the room. The shadowed figure bowed his head slightly, silently enjoying his coffee. "Godfather."
Annie walked in from outside, reeking of blood, and wiped her hands with a handkerchief in dissatisfaction. "Why didn't you let my senior bring Brielle here? I might have had a chance."
It seemed An?ie was unaware of the
professor's past deeds in
Beaconsfield. If Brielle walked in,
eli
with her intelligence, she would see right through the professor's identity. The professor picked up a sugar cube with tongs, dropped it into his coffee, and sipped it elegantly. 
"Tonight, someone will distract Max."
The implication was clear: no more hesitation, no more mercy. Annie tossed the bloodied handkerchief aside, her face alight with excitement.
###Chapter 861
Brielle and Max slid back into the car, taking a moment to soak in the scenery outside before Brielle broke the silence. "Max, you had a bunch of professors back in the day, but this one seems to be off the grid. Do you have a picture of him?" Max pulled out his phone and scrolled through his gallery, finally finding an old photo from their graduation years ago. "Which one is the professor?" Brielle asked.
Max pointed to a man with a rugged beard and a pair of gold-rimmed glasses perched on his nose.
Brielle pursed her lips, pulling the phone closer to scrutinize the image. After a moment, her expression turned icy, and her fist clenched by her side. "It's Mark."
Take away the slightly curly hair, the glasses, the beard, and there you had Mark from Beaconsfield.
A storm raged inside Brielle. Her lips pressed tightly together, her nails digging into her palm. Max stayed silent, trusting Brielle's recognition.
So, the person from her childhood in Beaconsfield was both the professor and Mark.
No wonder he didn't want to see her. Seeing her would blow his cover.
Brielle had never seen the professor's face, so she never linked the poor Mark to the renowned professor abroad.
Her face darkened, and an urge to confront him surged within her, but she knew she wouldn't get any answers, just like the past twenty-some years of her life. No one was accountable for her life; they were all pulling the strings. Max dimmed his phone's screen and pulled her into his arms.
After discovering Mark's fake death, Brielle knew he must still be alive, just under a different identity. Far away, yet so close. How ironic.
From the moment the professor made excuses not to meet, she had her doubts, but the truth was more shocking than she had imagined.
She lowered her lashes, feeling a wave of fatigue. Max ruffled her hair gently and hit the gas, his voice casual.
"My people found traces of Dustin."
That single sentence reignited Brielle's fighting spirit, her eyes lighting up.
"Is he alive? Is he okay? How's his health?"
Seeing her spirits lift, Max's lips curled into a subtle smile.
"He's alive. There are signs he fought to survive on that road."
He pulled the car over and playfully flicked her nose.
"I promised I'd bring him back, so focus on what you need to do."
Brielle felt a rush of emotion at the news of Dustin's survival, torn between tears and laughter.
The car started up again and eventually stopped in front of a quaint florist's shop. Max got out and returned with a bouquet, handing it to Brielle. It was almost comical; they'd been together on and off, but never had a proper date. 
"If you're not sure what to do, let's have a date," Max suggested, tucking a pink rose behind Brielle's ear. "How about we go ring shopping?"
He was seeking her approval. Brielle
had been abroad for two days and had done what she needed to do. Now, with the truth weighing on her mind, Max's suggestion seemed appealing. So, when he took her hand and led her into a luxury store, she didn't resist. 
Before heading in, Brielle left the bouquet on a chair, keeping only the rose behind her ear. With her distinctly Eastern features, the flower didn't overshadow her at all;
her pale skin and dark hair gave her
a delicate appearance.
Max led her to a display of diamond rings.
When Brielle saw him eyeing the largest diamond, her lips twitched. The diamond was enormous; wearing it, she felt she wouldn't even see her fingers.
After some persuasion, Max settled on a five-carat pink diamond ring instead. Brielle couldn't help but recall Dustin giving her a similar extravagant gesture. Indeed, to men, it seemed the bigger the diamond, the better.
She found it amusing, listening to the blonde clerk praise the rarity of the stone. The price was an astronomical 11.8 million dollars. Ridiculously expensive.
Just as Max was about to pay, the clerk's eyes widened, staring past him with a respectful, "Mr. Lynch."
Brielle sensed someone behind her but didn't expect it to be Raymond. Her spine stiffened, and she couldn't bring herself to turn around.
###Chapter 862
Raymond was surrounded by a cluster of top execs as he made his rounds that day. The mall was the city's prime spot for luxury shopping, an absolute must-visit for anyone jetting in to snag some high-end goods. The Lynch family's diamond business took up the entire ground floor lobby, while the other big-name brands had to settle for a few display counters. Spanning multiple floors, the mall was a treasure trove of international luxury items. Raymond spotted Max and gave a slight nod. "Didn't expect to see you here, Mr. Dorsey."
It was clearly Max's presence that made Raymond stop for a quick greeting. A sharp glint flashed in Max's eyes, and with a slight smile, he slipped the ring onto Brielle's finger under Raymond's watchful gaze. Brielle's fingers were long and delicate, a perfect fit for the ring. But with Raymond standing right behind her, her mind went blank.
In Raymond's presence, Max took on a respectful demeanor. "Mr. Lynch, overseeing things personally today? No wonder Infinity Brilliance has reached such heights."
Raymond exuded an air of mature confidence. He nodded slightly, not looking to engage in much conversation, as their acquaintance was rather shallow. They only knew of each other, thanks to Max's impressive stint on Wall Street a few years back. Was Max picking out a ring with his girlfriend?
Raymond's gaze fell on the girl in front of him; facing away, he could only see her glossy dark hair. Max pulled Brielle close and turned her around. "This is Mr. Lynch from Infinity Brilliance, Brielle. Say hello."
His tone was even, as if he was simply introducing them. The moment Raymond saw Brielle's face, a gentle smile appeared. "We've met at a gala before."
Her face had caught his eye back then, reminding him of someone named Annie. Even in a crowd, his gaze had lingered on her for a few memorable seconds. Though she resembled Annie, Brielle's beauty felt more natural. Brielle extended her hand, her composure restored. "Mr. Lynch, nice to meet you."
Raymond glanced between Max and Brielle, thinking they made a striking couple. "Ms. Brielle and Mr. Dorsey make quite the pair."
As soon as he finished speaking, Max chuckled, visibly pleased. "Your words are reassuring, Mr. Lynch."
Raymond's brow furrowed slightly,
his aura intensifying. He wasn't sure what Max meant. But with years in the business world, he sensed there was more to that statement. His entourage signaled it was time to move on, but Raymond stood firm,
looking at Max before adding "If
both sets of parents approve, then
it's a match made in heaven."
It was a clever move, hinging on parental consent. Raymond smiled again, turning to the clerk. "Give them a discount."
He had initially thought of offering a 30% discount, knowing true luxury items rarely, if ever, went on sale. But seeing Brielle's sweet and delicate demeanor, his heart softened. "Half price."
The clerk thought he misheard; such
discounts on diamonds were
unheard of. But Raymond was already being ushered away by his execs. After confirming he wasn't imagining things, the clerk smiled at the couple. "Please, swipe your card." 
Max quickly produced his card and picked out a ring for himself, placing it in Brielle's palm before extending his own finger, Still reeling from the encounter, Brielle snapped back to reality when she felt the cool metal in her hand. She smiled and slipped the ring onto Max's finger. Max's charm was undeniable, attracting a crowd and spontaneous photos from passersby. Blonde beauties approached with friendly greetings, only to be politely turned away. After fitting the ring on Brielle, Max kissed her lips in front of everyone and whispered, "Reserved for me." 
###Chapter 863
Besides, my future father-in-law has already given his blessing.
Raymond had already walked a good distance from the boutique. It wasn't uncommon for the CEO of Infinity Brilliance to inspect the counters; Dustin had done it a few times before. Now that Raymond was back in action, it made sense for him to stop by and boost morale.
The executives trailing behind him were all the picture of deference, careful not to overstep or say too much in his presence. Not a single one of them dared ask where young Mr. Lynch had wandered off to.
After Raymond had made his rounds, offering a few minor suggestions, he left, surrounded by his attentive entourage. Before exiting, he made a point to stop by the same counter he had visited earlier. Normally, he wouldn't bother with such trifles, but today, he personally asked the clerk if they had given a discount to a customer. Assured that a member discount was applied, he felt relieved.
Yet, thinking of Brielle's face, Raymond felt a tinge of regret. He should've just waived the fee altogether. After all, his son was always charming his lady friends with little trinkets. Those baubles were as common as dirt in the Lynch household, tossed around for amusement. He rubbed his brow, his expression turning somber at the thought of his son. Yet to outsiders, he appeared unchanged. His demeanor wasn't icy like Max's but rather dignified and composed, exuding a quiet strength.
The executives followed him to the waiting car, and just like on their arrival, they drove off in an impressive convoy.
Meanwhile, Brielle and Max had just pulled up at the hotel entrance. Max was about to take Brielle's hand when his phone rang. A frown creased his forehead - it was the hospital.
"Max, Michael's condition has worsened. He's asking to see you, hoping you can come back."
It was daytime where he was, which meant it was night back there. The middle of the night, and they were calling him.
After ending the call, Max turned to Brielle. "It's not safe for you to be here alone; I'm worried. The Lynch estate is like Fort Knox, it's been ages since anyone outside the family has set foot in there. Aside from business dealings, the Lynches have stopped hosting private gatherings.
Brielle knew she had no chance of just waltzing into the Lynch family fold, especially with a butler and a professor who were close to the family.
"I forgot to mention, the professor is actually Desiree's godson because he grew up with Owen, just a few years his senior."
"Over the years, hundreds of women have been brought back claiming to be the lost daughter of the Lynches."
It was like a reverse 'boy who cried
wolf' situation. The volunteers were always imposters, and with someone like Annie, so similar in appearance already under the Lynches watchful eyes, Brielle's
The butler's and the profesnet
claim would hardly make waves.
close ties with the Lynch family were not easily swayed. Without a
breakthrough from Dustin, there was no way in. Even her movements abroad could be under surveillance. One misstep, and it would all be over. 
Brielle's lashes drooped as she caressed the ring on her finger. After a moment she said, "You go back want to stay a few more days. Don't worry about me; I'll go see Keiran." She couldn't bear to leave with
things unresolved. 
Max's phone rang again just then, and a slight smile touched his lips as he checked the caller ID. "How about Sky Lounge tonight? There's an event - it should be fun. Keiran will probably be there, and Kenzo too."
Sky Lounge was Dustin's bar, perched high where the whole city could be seen. In its wildest days, Dustin had booked it for a month straight, turning it into a hedonistic paradise and putting it on the map as a world-class hotspot. "What's the event?"
"A masquerade ball."
"Sounds good."
But before Brielle could respond
further, Max pulled her back into the hotel. "We still have time." His voice was soft his demeanor as calm as ever. The moment the door swang open, Brielle found herself swept off her feet and perched on the foyer bench in his arms. 
###Chapter 864
Since they had plans to head out later, Max didn't bother with an elaborate dinner-just enough to whet his appetite. Once they were ready, they set off for the much-anticipated masquerade ball. As they drove, Max gazed out at the city lights flashing by, his fingers tapping a rhythm on the car window. A faint, indifferent smile played on his lips.
"The masquerade was Dustin's idea," Max remarked casually. "It's always a wild time. When we get to the entrance, a waiter will hand you a mask. And there's a rule-no sticking with people you already know. Dustin thinks it's pointless to hang out with familiar faces at these things."
That was the line Dustin had fed to the media in an interview.
And true to form, under the cover of their masks, the so-called elite would let loose, shedding their inhibitions. With the Lynch family keeping an eye on things, it never got too out of hand.
"The masks are random, and you'll have to lock up your phone in a secure locker when you get in. If you're not feeling it, we can skip the whole thing," Max offered.
But Brielle had her reasons for going.
She lowered her lashes and looked at Max. "Let's go."
Max didn't respond. He never questioned her choices; his role was to support whatever she decided.
After handing over their phones, Max pulled her aside into a quiet lounge before they parted ways.
"Don't overdo it," he cautioned, as if he knew what she was planning, though he never pried into the details. And there were things she preferred to keep to herself.
They split up.
Brielle was led to a different
entrance, where a waiter handed her a cat-ear mask. It covered most of her face, making recognition nearly impossible unless someone knew her very well. 
en FindNovel
Her eyes scanned the crowd, searching for a particular face, but he was nowhere to be seen. She casually held a glass of champagne and stepped into the throng. Mingling behind masks, the guests were like shadows against the city lights outside a romantic soirée teetering on the edge of a cliff, charged with an alluring energy.
The space was huge, lavishly
divided, with over two thousand square feet of decadence.
Conversations flowed freely, secret trysts unfolded in hidden corners, and bold kisses were exchanged in plain sight. 
Maybe they all had significant others, but at this party, all pretenses were dropped.
Brielle's expression remained neutral, thinking that if Dustin were here, the energy would be even more electric. He was notorious as a playboy.
After making a circuit, Brielle headed towards the famed starlit terrace, known for its view of the night sky through a glass dome. Few came to truly appreciate the scenery; most sought the thrill, which left the terrace empty tonight. 
She set her drink on a table and looked up at the sky, only to hear footsteps behind her.
Meanwhile, Max sat by a window, sinking into the plush sofa with a drink before him. But the beverage held no appeal; instead, he closed his eyes.
Pain throbbed in his head with more intensity here than back home. Since his last injury, the pain came in sharp bursts, like needles pricking his brain.
A voice broke the silence from behind. "Someone's gone to find her. Aren't you the least bit worried?"
Max remained silent, his eyelashes fluttering slightly as if he was on the verge of sleep.
###Chapter 865
"If you're not into her, hand her over to me," a voice murmured, suddenly closer, almost in his ear. "Get lost."
Max's icy stare cut through the air like a knife. The room was empty, devoid of anyone.
He rubbed his temples and stood up, heading toward the door, but froze as he reached for the handle. A flicker of something complex passed through his eyes. Then there was a knock on the door, followed by a respectful voice. "Sir, everything's been arranged."
Max opened the door, replying with a casual "Hmm."
"Where's the person?"
"They took off, but they can't have gotten far. Our people are on it."
Max nodded and stepped outside. The place had been bustling when he first came in, but now it was deserted. It was like the masquerade ball had been a mirage. He ascended to the balcony where Brielle was supposed to wait, but it was empty. A flicker of fury crossed his eyes.
"Where's Brielle?"
The person behind him lowered their head in a mix of respect and fear.
"Ms. Brielle followed the pursuit; we couldn't stop her."
Max's lashes lowered, his lips forming a thin line.
"I see."
He strode away, each step seemingly creating a breeze. The masquerade ball tonight wasn't real. The vibrant scene was all actors. After all, with masks and fancy attire, no one could tell who was behind them.
né
The Sky Lounge did have an annual masquerade, supposed to happen around this time, but due to Dustin's disappearance, it was canceled. The staff hadn't had the chance to announce it before Max intercepted the message, needing the event for his plan. Otherwise, he wouldn't have risked bringing Brielle-it was too dangerous. But Brielle defied expectations, seemingly showing pity for that person. 
Tonight was a trap, a lure for them.
Max climbed into his car, annoyed that Brielle had left in such a hurry she'd forgotten her phone. To make the act convincing, they had followed the usual ball's agenda, but now, without her phone, finding Brielle would be difficult. Max pursed his tips, ordering his men to continue the search for the man and to bring Brielle back immediately upon discovery. As for the other, try to bring him back alive. 
Brielle was already out of breath. She was sure she had seen that person run this way, but they had vanished. Inside the Sky Lounge, when footsteps began echoing behind her, she had imagined
numerous outcomes-the wors
being meeting her end. However, what unfolded next was beyond her expectations. The partygoers turned on two individuals. A man and a woman. The woman was Annie, now captured. Brielle realized Max had known her desire to corner Annie,
having promised Murray to lock Annie away with him. 
She wasn't ready to return home, partly because of Annie, whose cover was blown, unlikely to visit Beaconsfield again. Only back home could she deal with her. The second reason-Brielle spotted bloodstains on the ground and knew the person was wounded. Max's men were close behind, initially trying to stop her, but she refused to stay put. She needed the truth.
"Ms. Brielle, the boss has spoken. You need to return."
The approaching man was deferential. "Please don't make this hard for us. If you want to see that man, we'll capture him."
Brielle's gaze swept across an area, her eyelashes quivering.
"I understand. I'll head back now. The rest is up to you."
The men sighed in relief, moving forward. Brielle stopped running, knowing Max would be worried. He had kept this plot from her, tightly under wraps. She turned back, not far when the scent of blood hit her. Glancing into an alley, it was deep and unlit. After a moment's hesitation, she stepped into the darkness.
###Chapter 866
Brielle had been walking for about ten minutes when she spotted someone sprawled under the dim glow of a streetlamp, a winding trail of moisture leading up to him. If the light were clearer, it would have shown it was blood-his injuries were bad. At the sound of her footsteps, his fingers twitched. He'd already used up most of his energy getting here. Leaning against the wall, he slowly pushed himself up. But when he turned and saw Brielle, surprise and panic flashed in his eyes.
Brielle heard the rain, a soft drizzle coming down from all directions. The alley offered no shelter, and she frowned slightly at the sight of him shrouded in a dark cloak. She didn't know how Max had convinced the crew at Sky Lounge to play along, but the setup was devilishly clever. Annie had been captured, and the man before her had narrowly escaped death. She had watched as he was ambushed, knowing he had taken several hits. Max's people wanted him alive, but his skills forced them to fight to kill.
By some twist of fate, this alley was the same one where Brielle had met Dustin when she first went abroad, where a murder had also taken place amid rainfall. "Come with me," she said in an even tone, taking a few steps forward. But he didn't follow. Turning back, she saw him still propped against the wall. They locked eyes in silence for several seconds. Thinking he couldn't walk, Brielle approached to support him by the arm. The man tried to control his labored breathing, but the slight tremble in his body betrayed his distress. He was in pain, a cramping, agonizing pain.
Brielle lowered her lashes and asked, "Your people should be here to back you up, right?" He nodded, his forehead and back slick with sweat. Supporting him, Brielle followed the path Dustin had shown her before, arriving at another location. Max's men were still searching. Hearing conversation ahead, Brielle paused, seated the man on a nearby bench, and walked out alone.
"Ms. Brielle," one of Max's people greeted her with relief. "Check elsewhere. This area's been cleared," she advised them. "Sure thing, Ms. Brielle. Stay safe." Without suspicion, they headed off in another direction. Returning to the bench, Brielle saw the man trying to leave. "Stay." She let the word drop before lowering her lashes again. When she looked back up, her eyes were calm once more. "If you go that way, they'll catch you." She stepped forward, firmly guiding him down a path she had thought out.
Reaching the roadside, she diverted several more of Max's people and managed to get the man into a waiting black car. As she closed the door, she stared into his eyes, hidden beneath scars, her tone serious. "I owed you once before, and now again in this foreign land. You made Dustin disappear-that settles one debt. I'm saving you now; we're even. Next time, we're enemies." The man, who had been suppressing his coughs, couldn't hold back any longer at her words. It seemed her statement hit him harder than any wound he bore. He coughed as if his heart would burst forth.
Brielle shut the door, straightening her back. "Don't hold back next time. I won't either." His coughing continued. He knew exactly when he had given himself away-the signed note had betrayed him. Brielle had an excellent memory and a knack for connecting the dots. She was clever too clever. But she also knew the score when it came to debts and grudges. He truly believed that if they met again, she would kill him without hesitation. As she had said, they were square. Between them, everything was over. And yet, it had never truly begun.
###Chapter 867
The car door clicked shut softly, and the vehicle eased into the night. He watched her silhouette in the rearview mirror, shrinking until it disappeared into the darkness.
Inside the car, a warm light flickered on, casting a cozy glow over the leather seats. He reached into his black coat and pulled out a broken fortune stick, now clumsily mended with glue. The crack was still there, mocking his helplessness. He turned the stick over to see four words engraved in the wood: "Perfect Match Made in Heaven." Even the soothsayers at Radiant Light Church could spin a tale, it seemed.
Brielle braved the drizzle, heading back to her hotel. From a distance, she saw Max under a black umbrella, deep in conversation on his phone. As she neared, he instinctively tilted the umbrella to cover her.
His face was grim, and it was clear that the conversation was serious-likely about the Dorsey family. The hotel manager, a blonde foreigner, stood nearby, waiting for Max's instructions.
Brielle stayed silent, sensing the tension. Max seemed colder than usual, perhaps due to the wet, chilly air. His fingers, pale against the silver umbrella handle, showed no warmth.
After he ended the call, he gave her a quick glance but didn't ask where she'd been. Someone else approached, reporting that they'd lost someone.
"Hmm," Max responded indifferently, handing off the umbrella and switching to English to speak with the hotel manager. From their conversation, Brielle gathered that this hotel belonged to Max. Soaked from the rain, she followed him into the hotel room in silence. Before she could explain herself, he asked, "Are you cold?"
She was, and her breath came out in visible puffs. He went to the bathroom and started running a hot bath.
"This is my private room. Take a bath," he said, implying that everything here was clean and untouched by others.
Brielle stepped into the bathroom and sank into the tub, her mind a whirl of thoughts. His lack of questions made her uneasy.
Wrapping herself in a towel after the bath, she stepped out to find him ready with a hairdryer. She sat down, and he gently undid her hair, drying it with meticulous care.
After several minutes, her hair was completely dry. Through the mirror, Brielle saw him lift a strand of her hair to his nose, inhaling the scent of her shampoo, free of any trace of blood. While winding up the hairdryer's cord, he said, "Dustin's been spotted. Will you come back with me tomorrow?"
She barely nodded before he pinned her to the couch. She tried to speak, to explain, but he didn't give her the chance.
Exhausted and on the verge of sleep,
she glimpsed him dressing and answering another call. It was Andrew, telling him that Kenzo had announced his retirement and would no longer appear in public. 
"Max, I can't find him. Can you?" Andrew asked.
Max's gaze lowered as he toyed with a lighter, sparking a flame. "No."
Andrew sounded urgent. "I don't get what he's thinking. He's not just leaving the limelight; he's stepping out of the whole Beaconsfield scene for good."
Kenzo's sudden move had indeed
shocked their close-knit circle. Max
paused, then flicked the lighter
again, the custom grey metal catching the light. With a subtle smile, he said, "Out of the four of us, you've always been the most innocent." 
Andrew, puzzled, was about to ask more, but Max ended the call. Andrew was known for his
straightforward nature, rarely hiding his feelings. Unlike Jaired, unlike Kenzo, and certainly unlike Max. 
QUMS
Taking a cigarette, Max lit it but didn't smoke, holding it idly between his fingers. Then, a pair of arms wrapped around his waist, and Brielle's cheek pressed against his back. "I'm sorry," she whispered.
###Chapter 868
Max offered a silent apology for letting her suspect go. As the ash from the cigarette pinched between his fingers drifted to the ground, a gentle gust of wind scattered it, making it disappear. The silence between them grew thick, an unspoken understanding hanging in the air. Brielle knew how to put herself in someone else's shoes.
Max had orchestrated this entire scheme with meticulous care, all for the sake of capturing those two individuals. And it was all for her.
He could've remained untouchable, like an ivory tower of indifference, letting things play out on their own. That was his usual way. He was never one to lend a hand directly, to make things too easy for her. Otherwise, she would always turn to him whenever trouble arose. But what would she do if a storm were to hit Max's shores in the future? Who could she turn to then?
Deep down, she always knew that the partner Max needed was someone who could not only enjoy the serene view from the riverbanks with him but also hold his hand tightly through the most tumultuous waves.
So, he seldom intervened, more often than not observing from a distance with a calm detachment. His plan this time was flawless; he had even managed to deceive her without revealing a single clue. If it weren't for her meddling, the suspect wouldn't have escaped- either captured alive or left as a cold body on the ground. Clearly, the individual held a significant position within the enemy's ranks.
Max stubbed out his cigarette, having never really taken a puff. Brielle leaned her cheek against his back, nudging gently. Max's gaze drifted back from the horizon, turning to face her, his head bowing to plant a series of playful kisses along her collarbone. Brielle flinched in pain but dared not resist, assuming the role of someone ready to be consumed. But the wind was strong, and after a brief punitive bite, he simply adjusted her collar.
"We fly back at dawn. Let's go inside and rest," he said.
Brielle nodded, grasping his hand, wanting to accompany him. Max patted her head and headed to the bathroom first to wash away the scent of smoke from his fingertips.
When he emerged, he found her sitting on the bed, her hair cascading down, patting the spot beside her invitingly. The contrast of her dark hair against the white pillowcase highlighted her beauty.
Max's breath hitched for a moment. He was never driven by desire; for over two decades before meeting her, he had been indifferent to the complications of romance. But now, just glancing at her was enough to send heat coursing through his body. He strode over and pulled her into his embrace. "We'll catch up on sleep on the plane."
"Okay," she mumbled, not daring to after having stirred his anger. And indeed, he kept her awake until the early hours, only relenting a couple of hours before takeoff.
Upon boarding the plane, Brielle
noticed Keiran seated not far away.
Max had thoughtfully brought him
vel
along. However, Keiran was accompanied by a man with cropped hair, androgynous in appearance, and quite striking to the eye. Keiran was chatting and laughing with the man, occasionally leaning on his shoulder and whispering in his ear. 
Brielle had never seen this person before, but judging by his haughty demeanor, he too was likely a child of privilege, unlike Ricardo's wholesome charm. Exhausted and sleepy, Brielle settled down and leaned into Max's embrace, Soon
drifting off. Max unfolded
blanket and tenderly covered her. 
She slept soundly, and upon landing, found herself coincidentally exiting the aircraft alongside Keiran. The man beside Keiran wasn't particularly tall, perhaps around five foot ten, his height diminished next to Keran's stature, but he had a distinguished presence. Summoning the energy, Brielle greeted Keiran, who introduced his companion with a slight smile. 
"Brielle, this is my friend, Chase," he said.
Chase greeted her with a simple elegance that hinted at a privileged upbringing. His pride was evident, yet there was an innocence in his eyes that kept it from being off-putting.
"Hi, I'm Chase," he said, his voice slightly raspy, which Keiran explained was due to medication he took as a child—a tale that surely concealed a wealthy family's secrets.
Brielle had no interest in other people's secrets, so after a brief exchange, she followed Max out of the terminal. They were met not by Patrick but by Andrew, dressed in black, leaning against the car with dark circles under his eyes that spoke of sleeplessness.
Upon seeing Max, Andrew flicked his cigarette into a nearby trash can and strode over. "What did you mean by what you said last night?" he asked, the words Max had spoken keeping Andrew tossing and turning all night.
###Chapter 869
Andrew looked like he hadn't slept in days, and when he spotted Chase, he gave a nod that was more habit than greeting. "Taking a break from the States, Chase?" he asked.
Chase just grunted, a sound Andrew had come to expect from their previous business encounters abroad. But the look Andrew shot at Keiran was loaded with subtext. Brielle couldn't shake the feeling that Andrew was pitying Keiran. Knowing Keiran's face blindness, she had to ask, "Keiran, is this the friend from abroad you mentioned?" Keiran shook his head, looking as honest as ever. "I suddenly can't remember what my friend looks like. I got into Chase's car the other day, and now, Chase is my friend." Friendships, it seemed, could turn on a dime.
Brielle's lips twitched as she watched Chase pull Keiran away. Keiran gave her a quick wave before slipping into the car with Chase, leaving just the three of them standing there. Max hopped into Andrew's car and, in the process, pulled Brielle in as well.
With Andrew at the wheel, he couldn't hold back any longer. "Chase has a reputation in North America, much like Dustin's-both are notorious playboys. But Chase takes it to another level; Dustin chases women, while Chase, well, he prefers men." Brielle choked on her surprise, her cheeks flaming red. Andrew caught her reaction in the rearview mirror and scoffed, mocking her innocence.
"In the high society circles, gender's just a detail," he said. "Many swing both ways."
There's an old saying, "Put a man in a woman's shoes, and he becomes a woman."
Chase, with his androgynous looks, could easily blend into a high society ball with a wig-only his flat chest would give him away as anything but a top-tier socialite.
The North American scene was wilder, more open than back home, where everything was kept hush-hush. Brielle was rarely exposed to such sordid details.
But in North America, the wilder you played, the more notorious you became.
Both Dustin and Chase came from elite families, attracting a legion of admirers.
Dustin, with his perfect blend of his parents' genes, stood out even in the diverse crowd of North America, turning many a male model's head.
Red-faced, Brielle listened as
Andrew continued, "Chase came out years ago, with his family's support There's no way he's here without a reason, Keiran's with your Stellar Stage Entertainment, right? Best keep your distance from that one." 
He might as well have said, "Chase is up to no good, and Keiran's his target."
Brielle's heart raced. Keiran was Stellar Stage Entertainment's golden boy; a scandal would be disastrous, providing endless fodder for the media that could ruin everything.
Yet she couldn't help but notice Andrew's changed demeanor toward her-it wasn't the disdain of before. Maybe he had resigned himself to the situation.
Arriving at Premier Palace, Brielle was anxious to find Keiran, her responsibility as his manager weighing heavily on her.
Before she could move, Max's arm was around her shoulder. "Get some sleep first, rest up. We can look into this tomorrow. Plus, we've got a lead on Dustin. If you want to handle it personally, you'll need to travet in a couple of days. You won't last if you're running on empty 
Brielle nodded and promptly dialed Keiran's number. But his phone was off.
Back in his home country, without her reminders, he had reverted to his unreachable state.
With no other options and exhaustion setting in, Brielle's eyelids drooped shut within a minute of being tucked into bed by Max.
Max returned downstairs to find Andrew still seated on the couch, clearly with something on his mind.
Andrew looked worn, the dark circles under his eyes impossible to ignore.
"Max, what did you mean by what you said?" Andrew's eyes were bloodshot, partly from the turmoil of Aubree's situation-sleepless nights, constant agony-and partly from Max's words that kept him tossing and turning. 
###Chapter 870
Max rubbed his temples, his tone casual. "I was just talking off the cuff."
But Andrew knew better. Max never spoke without intent.
Among the four of them, Jaired was the military lifer, rarely seen but held in high regard by the Riddle family. Despite his youth, he'd carved out a reputation that promised a meteoric rise in their social circles, barring any unexpected setbacks.
Kenzo was the serene artist, often smiling quietly, his talent in the arts nothing short of extraordinary. He'd disappear from Beaconsfield for inspiration without a word of where he went.
Then there was Max and him.
Max had been a Wall Street prodigy, his financial empire shrouded in mystery. Despite handling Dorsey International from a distance, the company's stock kept climbing.
If anyone's whereabouts were an open book, it was Andrew's. Unlike Max, he didn't keep a low profile. He personally handled every Clements Corporation deal and had even tangled with Dustin overseas. As Max had pointed out, Andrew's movements were the most straightforward.
But what about Jaired and Kenzo?
Especially Kenzo, who had recently announced his retirement and severed all ties, as if he intended to leave everything in Beaconsfield behind and vanish.
It left Andrew feeling like he was the only one taking their brotherhood seriously while the others were just playing along.
Why?
He couldn't understand it.
"Max, if you know something, anything, you better tell me. It's tough, Kenzo just up and leaving without a word."
His voice was rough, worn down by sleepless nights and frayed nerves.
Max placed a glass of water in front of him. "Drink up, then get some rest." That was all he'd get for now.
After leaving Premier Palace, Andrew headed to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Aubree's film had wrapped, and word was she'd bought a house. He'd asked around everywhere before finding out where her new place was.
Marissa's birthday was approaching, and she'd given Aubree all her
shares in Clements Corporation. For
that reason alone, Aubree Wone
likely visit the Clements family home, giving Andrew a slim chance to see her. 
Aubree was holed up at Stellar Stage Entertainment, working tirelessly with acting coaches, sometimes staying overnight, fully committed to her craft. Since her social media bonding with Keiran, her Twitter following had skyrocketed. With the film's release imminent, she needed to solidify her standing fast. Andrew waited outside Stellar Stage Entertainment for two days straight without seeing her.
He'd learned his lesson. Until Marissa's birthday, he'd wait at Aubree's newly purchased villa.
As dusk fell, he shrugged his jacket onto his forearm after handling the last of his obligations at Clements Corporation and headed to Aubree's new residence. Aubree was due back that day, having heard that both Brielle and Keiran had returned.
She bid farewell to her coach and drove back to her villa.
The neighborhood was prestigious, the security top-notch.
But the sight of a shadowy figure at her doorstep nearly made her scream.
Andrew had downed a couple of extra drinks that evening, reeking of liquor.
Lack of sleep had taken its toll, and he'd dozed off against the wall while waiting.
It was the sound of footsteps that snapped him awake, his eyes meeting Aubree's in an instant.
At the sight of him, Aubree's scream
died in her throat, the panic that had begun to rise dissipated, and she leaned weakly against the wall, careful not to reveal her distress. 
IMS
She fumbled with the keypad at the door, her trembling fingers failing to enter the correct code.
The panic clung to her, dragging her back to the day she was pulled into a car.
Andrew stood up, took her shaking hand, and keyed in the correct code.
All of Andrew's codes were the same - her birthday - even his PIN was no exception.
There was a time when Andrew didn't even know her birthday, always mixing it up with Tessa's Now, it was etched into him, as
permanent as if nailed to his bones.
###Chapter 871
Aubree's hand was wrapped in his, the touch cold as if he'd been out in the early spring chill for too long.
"Day after tomorrow's Mom's birthday," he said, his voice a mix of command and plea. "She asked me to tell you. Come home for dinner, will you?"
The response was a door slamming shut.
Andrew had never respected her before. Whenever he wanted her, a single phone call was all it took. No matter what she was doing, she had to be there in thirty minutes, showered and clean. He wasn't one for foreplay either; always straight to the point for his own satisfaction.
After he was done, he'd return to Tessa, all lovey-dovey, buying her gifts, asking if she was warm enough.
Andrew had experienced the ultimate pleasure with her, and now he was reaping the most unbearable pain.
He stood outside her door, not daring to enter even though he knew her passcode by heart. He understood this place didn't welcome him anymore.
After entering her apartment, Aubree poured herself a glass of water to calm her nerves.
A hot shower later, she felt a bit more like herself.
Lying in bed, sleep eluded her, tossing and turning restlessly.
In the middle of the night, she wrapped herself in a robe and stood by the door, peering through the peephole. Andrew was still there, slumped against the wall, eyes closed, seemingly asleep. Aubree felt tears welling up. She used to wait for him just like that, bringing him hot soup on cold nights, standing outside because he wouldn't get up to open the door.
But now that it was Andrew's turn to be humbled, her desire for revenge was replaced by a hollow sadness.
She returned to bed, expecting a sleepless night. Yet, somehow, knowing someone was out there, she slept peacefully, without the usual midnight awakening to the gloom of an empty room. Come seven in the morning, she awoke refreshed.
Checking the door once more, Andrew was gone. Rewinding the security footage, she saw he'd left at 5:30 AM, likely off to work.
Aubree's heart was a tender one, as
I.n
her friend Brielle would say. Despite her dazzling and rebellious exterior she had a softness inside her. Otherwise, she wouldn't have hung on to Andrew, a crooked tree, for over a decade. 
She got ready and headed to Stellar Stage Entertainment, not expecting to see Keiran there, chatting amicably with a man behind him. Approaching Keiran to greet him, the man, Chase, offered a warm smile and a handshake.
"Miss Aubree, a pleasure to meet you."
Seeing Keiran's furrowed brow, Aubree realized she had been forgotten.
Just as she was about to speak up, the elevator dinged, and Brielle stepped out.
Brielle had recovered from the previous evening's fatigue. Earlier, Donny had called to say Keiran would be at the office since the
script was nearly ready to shoonet
Recalling Andrew's words from yesterday, Brielle felt uneasy and hurried over. 
Chase was still by Keiran's side, chuckling and patting his shoulder in a friendly gesture.
Keiran, oblivious to any undertones, laughed and returned the gesture.
Brielle's mind reeled with a clanging noise. After a brief greeting with Chase and Aubree, she quickly ushered Keiran into her office and closed the door behind them.
"Keiran, you do realize you've just met Chase, right?" Brielle asked, her tone edged with concern.
"He seems like a great guy. I mistook him for a friend, got into his car by accident, and he didn't kick me out. Even let me crash at his place for the night," Keiran explained innocently. Brielle's face stiffened at that. Was it not because of his stunning looks that Chase hadn't turned him away?
She had done some digging on Chase that morning. The guy was a notorious beauty chaser, a lover of all things gorgeous.
Andrew was right about one thing-Chase was a playboy, as infamous for his escapades as Dustin.
"You know, you might want to keep
your distance from Chase," Brielle advised. "You're about to become the face of Stellar Stage
Entertainment, and you've kept a clean reputation until now. If you get caught up in scandal right after signing with us, it won't bode well for your career." 
Before she could add more, Chase barged into the office, clearly not one to bother with knocking.
"Keiran, are you going to be much longer?" he whined, feigning a shiver. "I'm freezing in these thin clothes."
###Chapter 872
Keiran had been glued to Chase's side for the last 24 hours, so his face was etched in his memory. He gave a nod of recognition. "Brielle, once I'm done talking to the director, I'm heading back. Chase left the house this morning dressed way too light."
Brielle was taken aback, wondering if Chase had overheard her earlier conversation and had timed his entrance perfectly. Keiran led the way out, with Chase trailing a few steps behind. He turned back to glance at Brielle with a smirk.
"Ms. Brielle, it seems there's been some sort of misunderstanding about me."
Of course, he'd heard her. Her first thought was that they really needed to invest in some soundproof doors.
"I'm sure you're well aware of Chase's reputation in the North American scene," she shot back.
"Are you referring to all the public love confessions I keep getting? Yes, I'm quite troubled by them."
Yeah, right. Brielle thought, watching him smile and head for the door.
"Ms. Brielle, it would be wise not to meddle too much, or you might end up unlucky."
Brielle said nothing, just watched him leave. Chase clearly had an agenda, and it seemed to involve Keiran.
Her partnership with Keiran was strictly professional; she couldn't expect him to heed her advice on personal matters. If only Dustin were here, she thought. Keiran always listened to him. A few words from Dustin might actually persuade Keiran to keep his distance from Chase.
Brielle stayed at Stellar Stage Entertainment till the afternoon, but there was no word from Max. It looked like her trip to meet Dustin would have to wait.
Meanwhile, Chase, with all his arrogant swagger, had an odd fondness for shopping. Just like the profiles said, if it was expensive, he'd buy it; if it looked good, he'd buy it-until he ran into Alivia.
Bundled up tight, Alivia was almost incognito, but Chase recognized her instantly.
Back when they were overseas, he had chased after Alivia for a while, but she was too proud to pay him any mind. Had it not been for his
influential family background, Alivia probably wouldn't have ever
bothered to be polite.
Because of his family, Alivia had always been cautious around him. Dumping all his shopping bags on Keiran, Chase leaned on the back of a nearby chair and blew a breath of air near Alivia's ear. "Ms. Alivia, why so incognito? I almost didn't recognize you."
Alivia flinched at the sound of her
name, then relaxed a bit when she realized it was Chase. That notorious playboy from the North American scene. Years ago, he had openly admitted his preference for men, yet he had shown her a period of intense courtship.
She adjusted her mask upwards, then thought, why be afraid of Chase? What she had done in Beaconsfield was child's play compared to Chase's escapades.
Her gaze shifted to Keiran, and she remembered Keiran's contract with Stellar Stage Entertainment, which had raised the company's profile, even allowing that wench Aubree to bask in the limelight. Damn it! Her eyes narrowed into a cold smile.
"A new flame?"
Chase raised an eyebrow and whistled at her.
"Oh, yes, but still no match for Ms. Alivia, my old flame."
Confident in her allure, Alivia had only ever stumbled with Max. Now seeing Chase in Beaconsfield, she exaggerated her claims on purpose.
"Aren't you aware of the little affair between this star actor and Brielle?"
"Brielle?"
Alivia dreamed of taking Brielle down but had never found the opportunity. Now, with Stellar Stage Entertainment thriving and Brielle reaping praise, Alivia was left disgraced, forced to hide. Jaired had been dismissive, despite her lowering herself as much as possible. Now that Chase had shown up, she wasn't going to let this chance slip away.
"Indeed, since you're pals with
Keiran, you must know he's with Stellar Stage Entertainment. Brielle climbed to her current position by sleeping her way up. How else could an orphan girl own the company? Mr Yu better watch his back." 
###Chapter 873
Chase's lips curled into a smirk, adding some distance between them. "Look, Alivia, I follow the gossip too. Your beef with Brielle over that guy? Tough break. Now you want me to be your hero? That's a bit much. Or are things really that bad for you?" Alivia's face went rigid, her hands clenching so hard her knuckles turned white. Chase had a knack for getting under her skin.
"The Barnes family's cut you off, your brother's MIA, your mom's gone, and who knows who your dad is. You call Brielle an orphan, but aren't you in the same boat?"
Alivia shook with anger, her breathing growing rapid. She was a Dorsey, damn it! Her fists tightened. She had one last option - to reveal her true identity to the Dorsey family.
But that was a risky move. If she admitted she was the Dorsey's daughter, Max's legitimacy would be questioned. Martha had given birth to a girl and handed her to a friend to raise. This would raise eyebrows. Was Max really her son or from elsewhere? Knowing Martha had always tried to pair her with Max, it was clear there was no blood relation. A storm was brewing. But Alivia was done holding back.
If she was going down, she'd take everyone with her. She decided to go straight to Michael and spill the beans. Rising from her seat, she ignored Chase, slapped on a mask, and bolted.
Chase shrugged as Keiran walked up, laden with shopping bags. "Chase, a friend of yours?"
"Just some joker trying to hustle me," Chase replied coolly. Noticing people taking photos, he frowned and quickly pulled a cap over Keiran's head.
A short distance away, Alivia pulled out her phone and called Victoria. She was a Dorsey, and Brielle was nothing. She didn't care about the fallout of exposing this secret or what Max would go through. This was the price for him not choosing her.
Blinded by anger, she forgot Martha's warning to stay by Max's side for protection. Restless, she remembered her substantial Twitter following and, with her brother's sudden retreat from the spotlight, she let out a cold laugh and posted a message on social media.
-My brother's retreat isn't because of some woman casting a wide net, sleeping around for roles, then ghosting. You really went there, didn't you?
She tagged Brielle in the post. The accusation was low, but Kenzo's fame in the industry gave it weight. Once posted, the internet exploded.
It all made sense. Brielle had barely become CEO when she got Kenzo's script, at a time when Stellar Stage Entertainment was under fire. How did she pull it off? If not for seducing Kenzo, then what? And with Kenzo's sudden withdrawal, shutting out all contact - it screamed heartbreak. 
Netizens excelled at filling in the blanks. Alivia had just opened Pandora's box, and they painted Brielle as the villain. Kenzo had been scandal-free until then, while Brielle, a newcomer, was repeatedly making headlines - exactly the type to stir up trouble. And she was stunning, which, in their eyes, made her seduction ploy all the more plausible. 
The internet went wild. Kenzo was a talented gold-standard writer! "If Kenzo really left because of Brielle, she doesn't deserve to live." "Every one of his works won awards. Such talent, ruined by a jezebel." "How does Brielle keep finding trouble? She's topped the trending searches too many times, always slipping away unscathed. She must've hooked someone bigger than Kenzo." "Alivia and Kenzo's origins may be unclear, but they've always been close. Alivia must've been outraged to speak up." 
Alivia, seeing her post take off, smirked and started anonymously slandering Brielle.
###Chapter 874
Alivia's tirade caught fire on social media, her cutting remarks rocketing to the top of the trending charts like they were doused in gasoline. Thumbs-up icons surged to a staggering count of seventy or eighty thousand. Emboldened by the virtual applause, a savage grin twisted Alivia's features.
"That girl's a real piece of work. My heart bleeds for Kenzo, dumped and then he's the one who has to leave."
"Wouldn't surprise me if that whole fiasco with Alivia before was Brielle's doing. Everyone knows she's the queen bee of dirty tricks."
"Brielle's reputation in Beaconsfield's elite is beyond redemption. She clawed her way up the social ladder on her back, if you know what I mean. How else could she have her own company? A nobody like her making it big? Please." "Compared to Alivia, she's not even on the same level."
With a few swift strokes on the keyboard, these four venomous comments shot up to the top of the hot list. Under her posts, a chorus of replies buzzed with curiosity, begging to know if she was an insider with the scoop. Stung by Chase's provocation, Alivia had lost all semblance of reason, her words a frenzied, venomous spew.
By the time Brielle caught wind of the trending frenzy, the storm had been raging for over an hour. She scrolled through the speculations swirling around her and Kenzo, her silence heavy.
She knew Kenzo had someone in his heart, but his muse's identity was a mystery to her. Their friendship dated back to college days, Kenzo's talent, gentleness, and reserved nature always shining through, especially when she needed a helping hand.
The account that was hopping mad with glee belonged to the same person, spouting confident lies that fooled many of her followers, who were now eagerly awaiting further juicy revelations.
The torrent of public vitriol reached its crescendo, and even Victoria chimed in anonymously with her two cents about Brielle.
"She's got a knack for snagging men, that's for sure."
But she wasn't as unhinged as Alivia, a single snide comment was her only jab before bowing out, leaving Alivia to her one-woman war.
Brielle wasn't one to sit on her hands; she promptly sought out Murray. Murray, as taciturn as ever with a bandage wrapped around his neck, greeted Brielle with indifference. That was until she produced a photo of Annie.
"I've brought her back stateside. We can arrange a meeting tonight, but you have to promise me your skills are at my disposal from now on."
Murray's eyes lit up with a fervent glow, his cheeks flushed with excitement.
Brielle motioned for him to boot up his computer, and he complied, obedient and adept.
"In two hours, hack the app, switch everything to real names, and just hold that for thirty minutes."
Murray nodded, a simple task for a man of his caliber. Once Brielle left her instructions, she made her exit.
Returning to Premier Palace, she
caught sight of Max stepping out of his car. His calls had been frequent lately, and just the day after his return, he'd been summoned by the е Dorsey family. Whatever was discussed with Michael must have ended sourly, as Max's interactions with the Dorseys had dwindled. 
Then there was Victoria, who had the gall to ring Brielle up, insinuating she was a vixen for clinging to Max Brielle's feud with Victoria was no secret, but a direct confrontation was unexpected, a sure sign of discord with the patriarch. 
She was about to approach Max when his phone rang again. His brows knitted slightly as he answered. "Father, of course, I haven't forgotten about Brodie. Why else would I be dealing with the Dorsey family?" His tone was flat, his expression icy. "But this is the last time. I'll come over now. We need to talk."
Brielle caught snippets of the
conversation Max, absorbed in the call, didn't notice her and quickly re-entered his car, driving away without stepping inside. Brielle had intended to speak with him but now veered off into the Premier Palace instead. 
No sooner had she settled in when a message from Aubree pinged in.
I'm itching to tear Alivia a new one. What a drama queen.
Aubree's account boasted millions of followers. A public spat with Alivia would certainly drag her own name through the mud.
Brielle, fearing Aubree might lose her cool, replied.
Hold off. The app's going legit with real IDs soon. Everyone will see those nasty comments are coming from her.
Meanwhile, Alivia, oblivious to the impending exposure, reveled in her successful smear campaign. As the online winds shifted in her favor, with masses condemning Brielle, she relished the return to her days of adoration. She even dug up Max's number, sending him a pitiful text.
Max, my brother's disappearance is all because of Brielle. I hope you see her for who she is. I was wrong before; I just liked you too much.
The message, sent with a fragile hope, bounced back - rejected.
###Chapter 875
Max had always been cold-hearted.
Alivia, seething with rage, gripped her phone so hard she nearly flung it across the room. No matter what she did, Max stayed ice-cold.
Fine, she thought, he had it coming.
She navigated to the official forums of Dorsey International and posted all the screenshots she had collected. Now, not only were online trolls attacking Brielle, but there was also a stir within Dorsey International itself.
Everyone knew Mr. Dorsey and Kenzo had been tight for years. But Mr. Dorsey and Brielle? That wasn't exactly a secret in the company. It made people wonder: did Kenzo really leave the industry because he was heartbroken?
As a screenwriter, Kenzo was a fan favorite. Anyone who read his scripts fell in love with his talent. His abrupt departure had the rumor mill working overtime.
Adding fuel to the fire was Brielle's past engagement to Spencer. People couldn't help but think she was a bit of a trouble magnet. Why else would she be involved with so many people?
The higher-ups at Dorsey International kept their mouths shut, but that didn't stop employees from gossiping about Brielle behind closed doors. The public was in an uproar.
A smug grin danced in Alivia's eyes. She had done her part and headed to the Dorsey estate. But before she could enter the living room, she spotted Victoria.
"Hey, Victoria," Alivia called out, her voice laced with fake innocence.
Victoria had known Alivia for years and had always liked her, but Alivia's recent antics had definitely soured that affection. Victoria had once tried to set up Alivia and Max. Now, she hoped Max would find someone new from the high-society pool-something her father also wanted. But clearly, Max wasn't on board.
"Alivia, what are you doing here?"
Alivia had come to see Michael, but seeing Victoria was an opportunity she couldn't pass up.
"Victoria, there's something I need to tell you. Can we talk? Just sit here for a bit?"
They were near the garden, where stone benches and tables made for a quaint spot to enjoy tea and flowers.
Victoria was in a foul mood. The Dorsey family's recent chaos, Antonio stirring the pot, and her father's failing health were all weighing heavily on her. What really made her blood boil was Max treating Brielle like some kind of treasure. "Fine, you have thirty minutes."
She sat down, placing her purse beside her. As they sat opposite each other, Alivia thought of the secret she had been harboring, feeling her body heat up with excitement. 
"Victoria, I've always gotten along with Martha. Ever wondered why?"
17.
Victoria frowned. What was she getting at? Over the years, while Alivia was abroad, she had taken care of Martha. Their families had history, so Martha's fondness wasn't surprising. Besides, Max and Alivia had almost gotten engaged once. 
Alivia looked around to make sure they were alone before leaning in and lowering her voice.
"Before Martha died, she told me I was her biological daughter."
Victoria's eyes widened, and her expression hardened instantly.
"Don't talk nonsense!" Her stern voice startled Alivia.
Alivia had imagined countless reactions from Victoria, but panic wasn't one of them. Victoria stood up and grabbed her purse.
"She was lying to you. Don't take it to
е
heart. You can joke about it with me, but if you dare spread this to anyone in the Dorsey family, don't say
didn't warn you." 
Her tone was threatening, and she even shoved Alivia away.
"Get out of here, now."
Alivia stumbled back. "Victoria, you don't believe me?"
"Out!"
Victoria's sudden severity scared Alivia. She had known Victoria for so many years and had never seen her like this. But at this point, Alivia couldn't turn back. "If you won't believe me, then I'll just have to find Michael myself."
###Chapter 876
No sooner had Victoria's words hung in the air than she whipped out her phone and dialed the Dorsey family's security team. Alivia didn't even make it to the front gate before she was promptly shown the door. She never imagined Victoria would one day turn on her and
kick her out with such disdain. Humiliation washed over her in waves.
Seething with anger and no place to vent, Alivia turned to the internet, continuing her tirade against Brielle with renewed vigor. After a dozen venomous posts, she was gearing up for more when she noticed something alarming every online handle had changed to real names. The cloak of anonymity had been stripped away, leaving everyone exposed. The online crowd was in a frenzy.
"What's going on? Did this app just go full real-ID on us? Why's my name showing?"
"Same here, and no warning? Just great."
"Oh no, is my boss gonna see what I said about them?"
"Have you guys checked out Alivia's Twitter? It's a total train wreck!"
"Never seen someone so shameless!"
All the bile Alivia had spewed at Brielle now bore her own name for all to see. Especially that one line 'She's nowhere near my level.' The more netizens had agreed with it before, the more it backfired now. And that so-called insider? It turned out to be none other than a burner account run by Alivia herself. Her main account was anonymous venom; the burner was a personal attack on everything Brielle did.
The nastiness of her comments didn't seem to come from a place of concern for her brother but rather a desperate attempt to drag Brielle down.
"I thought what Alivia did before was disgusting, but this takes it to a whole new level."
"She really knows how to lower the bar each time."
"Brielle hasn't even acknowledged her existence, and there's Alivia, hopping mad. Awkward, much?"
"If I were her, I'd be looking for a rock to crawl under right about now."
Alivia, her name glaring back at her from the screen, scrambled to delete her account in a panic. But canceling an account was a hassle, requiring all sorts of verification and taking hours to process. It was far too late to hide her shame. With eyes bloodshot and teeth clenched, she read the comments, completely losing her grip on sanity. 
Some netizens even speculated why she was gunning for Brielle so hard. Piecing together a statement from Dorsey International, they guessed that Mr. Dorsey was courting a woman could it be Brielle? If that were true, Brielle was being wronged big time. After all, the official word from Dorsey International was that she had turned down Max's advances. We're talking about Max here-how high must Brielle's standards be to not give him a
second glance? 
The internet buzzed with speculation, and regardless of their opinions on Brielle, everyone agreed that Max dodging a bullet by not ending up with Alivia was a wise move. The gossip brewed overnight, and Brielle's Twitter exploded with an additional hundred thousand comments asking why she had rejected Max. Envy was thick in the air.
The ultimate compliment for someone's looks was universal acclaim, and Max's wealth, lineage, and striking features would stand out even in the glittering world of celebrities. Yet, Brielle's profile
revealed her as a simple gradus
from Welfare Mark University
devoid of any notable background. This detail further discredited Alivia's claims of Brielle climbing the social ladder through men. If Brielle was after power, wouldn't she just have aimed to become Mrs. Dorsey International? 
So, part of the Twitter mob descended on Alivia's feed, tearing her apart, while others flocked to Brielle's, eager to learn how she could possibly resist a man like Max.
The next morning, as Brielle walked into Stellar Stage Entertainment, she sensed a change in the air. Those in the know about her and Max barely contained their smugness. "Ah, we always said it-stick with Mr. Haywood, and you're golden."
"Mr. Haywood joining Stellar Stage Entertainment is a stroke of luck for us."
They didn't miss a beat in showering Brielle with flattery, their sycophantic tones trailing her every step.
###Chapter 877
Brielle frowned, heading straight to her office. She had skimmed through the online buzz, already predicting Alivia's downfall when she instructed Murray. Alivia had brought it on herself.
Twitter was still blowing up with comments under her posts-the shock of rejecting Max was too massive for everyone to handle. No surprise Alivia was losing her mind. The man she had chased for years, who never even glanced her way, had fallen for Brielle, a girl from an orphanage. Anybody in her position would be devastated. But that didn't justify Alivia's meltdown. By now, she had lost it completely, smashing everything in her room. After a sleepless night, she was on the edge, alternating between sobbing and hysterical laughter. Finally, she sent a desperate, almost groveling message to Jaired, begging for his help.
Jaired couldn't help but smirk at her message. He knew she was at her breaking point. She'd probably bark like a dog if he asked her to, such was her desperation. He relished the twisted pleasure of seeing a once-proud beauty reduced to a pitiful wreck. Sure, he had a thing for Alivia, but once she lost her edge and was beaten down by Brielle, his interest faded. He craved malice, the sharpness in a woman. He longed for the bloom of wickedness. The old Alivia fit the bill-using anyone and everyone to achieve her goals, and he was more than willing to be at her beck and call.
If she had been willing to drag everyone down without hesitation, Jaired would have gladly helped her. But now she was nothing more than a desperate, drowning rat, clinging to false hopes. She wasn't worth another move.
He blocked her number, swirling his
wine glass, unwilling to give her any more attention. He had given Alivia chancesbefore, like the time he had put her on a leash. Had she complied, he would have been
content to continue their games. But
her pride made her boring.
Alivia sent several messages, all unanswered. She dialed Jaired frantically-he was her last hope. But the call wouldn't connect; she had been blocked. Blocked by a man who had once chased after her, begging for a single glance. Alivia couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of it all, as if everything was a sham. Her eyes, bloodshot, finally gave way to tears. But at her lowest, Antonio called. Hope flickered within her once more.
She went to see Antonio, feeling uneasy. Back when they were abroad, she had humiliated him. She had only wanted to marry Max, so when Antonio suggested they give it a try, her response was cutting: "Do you think you can measure up to Max?"
A chill passed through Antonio's gaze. "He'll fall eventually, pulled down by me." Alivia had taken it as a joke.
After the nightclub incident, Michael
had reassured her, claiming he had a way to deal with Max, speaking with confidence. Michael had led the Dorsey family for years. His
assurance meant something elnet
had believed him, staying herhand during that time. But she never imagined losing her chance to marry into the Dorsey family. 
vel
She was curious about Michael's plan. Was Antonio's invitation to meet an indication he would reveal it? She dressed provocatively, heading to his villa personally. Antonio's features were unremarkable among the Dorseys, and his presence carried a cold, sinister air. When his gaze fixed on someone, it was as though he could hiss venom like a snake. 
###Chapter 878
"Antonio, what's on your mind?" Alivia asked, her voice steady despite the tension in the room.
Antonio lounged on the couch, tilting his head back to meet her gaze. He rubbed the back of his neck, playing up the act.
Alivia felt like a fish on a cutting board, ready to be filleted by anyone who pleased. Swallowing her pride, she sat beside him on the sofa. Antonio gave her a sly grin. "Why were you looking for Victoria?"
A wave of anxiety washed over Alivia, sweat pooling in her palms. How did he know about her visit to Victoria?
Victoria had turned her away coldly, even confronting her. It was clear Victoria wanted Max to stay as the CEO of Dorsey International.
Reflecting on it with a cooler head, Alivia realized just how foolish her approach had been. Max was Victoria's brother, and his leadership would ensure her lavish lifestyle continued.
When Victoria had been entangled with Everett, she had spared no expense, siphoning funds from Max's private accounts when Michael refused to support her. Max never fussed over money, so he hardly blinked at Victoria's extravagant spending. But if someone else took over, Victoria's spendthrift ways would undoubtedly come under fire. With this realization, Alivia let out a derisive snort.
Victoria had mastered the Dorsey family's cold-hearted ways.
Antonio's chuckle broke her thoughts. "You're trying to oust Max with Victoria's help, blind to how much she's milked from his accounts over the years. Max is her personal gold mine. Do you really think she'd let that go?"
No wonder Victoria had panicked at the possibility of Max not being a true Dorsey.
Biting her lip in frustration, Alivia grasped Antonio's intentions. He was angling to recruit her as an ally, to take down both Max and Brielle.
And if it came out that Max wasn't a real Dorsey, his reputation would be in ruins. As for Brielle, what did she have besides Max's affection?
"Antonio, you're aware Max isn't a Dorsey, aren't you?"
"I am, but the rest of the Dorseys are still in the dark."
Otherwise, the family would be in complete disarray.
Surprised, Alivia admired Antonio's restraint in keeping such a secret.
Antonio caressed a potted plant beside him. "My father still dreams of the CEO seat at Dorsey International, but he's too old, unfit for the role. I'm the only viable candidate."
"What do you need from me?"
"The only card you have to play is your Dorsey pedigree. Since you're at the peak of public scrutiny, all you need to do is expose this secret with a DNA test to drag everyone down with you. The question is, do you dare?"
If Alivia had the guts, she wouldn't
have approached Victoria first. Revealing this secret would certainly the social circles of Beaconsfield to their core. But it would also put her own life in jeopardy. 
create a media frenzy and Se
She feared death. Once the secret was out, Max would be busy putting out fires, and Brielle would become desperate, bound to slip up.
"Alivia, weren't you trying to cozy up
to Mr. Lynch of Infinity Brilliance? Are you aware that Desiree of Infinity Brilliance is bedridden with illness? What I can do is get you in front of her. Winning her favor shouldn't be too hard for you, right?" 
Alivia's academic reputation abroad was still solid. Even if her name was sullied at home, nothing stopped her from thriving overseas.
"Infinity Brilliance has been
searching for their lost princess. Desiree is aching for someone to fill that void. If you can do that and improve her condition, she'll dote on you as if you were her own
granddaughter. The Lynchet
will be in your debt. With Desiree as your patron, who in the Beaconsfield
social circles would dare disrespect you?" 
Surprise flickered in Alivia's eyes at the unexpected turn of events.
Sending her to Desiree's side was certainly beyond Antonio's means alone. He had powerful backing.
Realizing this, a wild look crossed Alivia's face. "Why don't I just claim that identity? Surely your backer would assist me, right?"
Antonio frowned, inwardly scoffing at her naivety. "Don't treat Dustin like a fool. Unless you're scheming at his side every step of the way, your little tricks won't work on him. He'd see right through you with just a glance."
###Chapter 879
Alivia felt a pang of defiance but knew she had to back down.
Antonio had booked her a flight for tonight, setting her up to leave the country. Once she was safely abroad, she'd reveal Max's secret lineage. The Dorsey family might be powerful, but they wouldn't dare to snatch someone from Desiree's rehab center, would they? With a sneer, Alivia accepted Antonio's plan.
Inside the rehab center, Desiree, who should have been bedridden, was showing remarkable improvement over the last few days. Foods that once made her grimace were now being eagerly consumed as she cooperated with her doctors, much to everyone's relief. Burdened by her granddaughter's troubles, Desiree seemed to have had an epiphany, a newfound light twinkling in her eyes. Gone was her perpetual frown, replaced by a lively spirit as if she had taken some sort of miracle elixir.
After a thorough check-up, the doctors concluded that Desiree's illness was rooted in emotional distress, and now that her burdens seemed to be lifting, her health naturally improved. Stubbornly tight-lipped, she told everyone who asked that her granddaughter had appeared to her in a dream.
Desiree didn't rush back to the Lynch household; instead, she reached out to Dustin. As expected, his phone was off. Her eyes narrowed. In her dreams these past few nights, she kept hearing a young girl's voice saying, "So many people are trying to stop me from seeing you, I don't even know who they are."
Despite her advanced age and frail health, which should have made her susceptible to such shocks, those words filled her with an urgent desire to rise from her bed. She longed to bring her granddaughter home herself, but she knew she had to wait.
And wait she did, until a new nurse arrived at the rehab center, claiming to be assigned to Desiree's personal care. She was indeed lovely to look at and took meticulous care of Desiree.
Alivia had just one day to make an impression, as Antonio had made it clear that any new staff had to be personally approved by Desiree. Ife she failed to please, she'd be out before the day was up. Failing to secure her position would mean losing the Lynch family as a pillar of support, and her dreams of a triumphant return to confront Brielle would shatter. 
Drawing on her past experience caring for Martha, Alivia pulled out all the stops to charm Desiree into laughter and smiles. As expected, she secured her place and even became a favored companion to Desiree.
But Alivia was young and na?ve,
unaware that Desiree was skillfully extracting information with every casual chat. Where she came from. How
né
becom Suddenly decided to heard of the Lynch family bever
a nurse here. Had
Each question was posed with such warmth and friendliness that Alivia answered with perfect decorum, as if she had rehearsed a script. 
Desiree, with a keen eye, latched onto a keyword-Beaconsfield. Her mouth curved into a smile, the wrinkles on her face bunching up with delight. "I knew I liked you the moment I saw you. Once I'm feeling better, we must take a trip to Beaconsfield together."
A flicker of disbelief crossed Alivia's eyes, quickly replaced by jubilation. Desiree had accepted her so readily! Did that mean she was about to become the little princess of the Lynch family? A cold smile passed through her eyes, but her face beamed with even more warmth.
"Desiree, it is my fortune to have your favor."
Leaving the rehab center, Alivia
hurriedly called Antonio, then took to
her social media back home to
reveal Max's secret heritage. Beaconsfield's social circles
momentarily fell silent, noboel
daring to be the first to openly gossip. After all, the story seemed far-fetched. 
(Apologies for the delay; my family and I have been battling illness, and I'm still running a fever. I've fallen behind on updates but will catch up as soon as I'm well.)
###Chapter 880
At just ten years old, a boy chosen to be the heir to the Dorsey family empire was suddenly outed as not having Dorsey blood? If anyone else had dropped this bomb, people might have just laughed it off. But it was Alivia who spilled the tea. She was riding high on public opinion, and given her tangled history with Max, it felt like a nasty move to bring him down after things went south between them.
Given Alivia's high profile, it seemed reckless to cross Max like this. She must've been cornered.
The moment the news broke, everyone online jumped in, most thinking Alivia had lost her mind.
But then the paternity test from a reputable clinic came out, confirming it was legit. It shook the Beaconsfield elite, but they stayed mum, waiting for the Dorsey family's response.
Chaos erupted at the Dorsey household.
William was the first to react, storming into the hospital ward where the family patriarch was staying.
The hospital corridor was packed with Dorsey relatives and a squad of bodyguards. Michael, being his usual reclusive self, refused to see anyone, letting the guards keep everyone at bay as the family's uproar echoed around. William, red-faced and trembling with rage, rallied the fringe relatives to turn against Max.
But when they reached Dorsey International, they found Max had vanished after meeting with the patriarch, and nobody knew where he'd gone.
William felt like he was punching air - frustrated and helpless.
Where had Max disappeared to in the past few days? That question was on everyone's mind.
Brielle had been waiting for Max to take her to find Dustin. Instead, she got ambushed by Alivia's smear campaign online.
Before this mess, she hadn't seen Max since he'd gone to confront Michael. He'd texted her twice, just telling her to rest. She'd overheard his phone call with Michael that night, talking about having a serious discussion.
Two days passed with no word.
Her phone had a few texts from him; she hadn't been too worried until the online story made her uneasy.
Lately, Max had been in her corner, which didn't sit well with Victoria.
Michael had been calling Max
non-stop. Now, with Max wanting a 'serious talk,' the question was whether Michael was up for
sw novela
Brielle took out her phone and tried calling Max. No answer. Frowning, she drove straight to Dorsey International.
The staff there gave her weird looks as she walked in.
Brielle headed straight to the top floor and ran smack into William and his entourage.
Ignoring them, she went to Max's office. Empty.
She spun around, ready to head to the Dorsey family estate, but William chose that moment to speak.
"Brielle, you've seen the news, right?"
William looked smug, hands behind his back, like he was already the CEO of Dorsey International.
"Max isn't one of us. I've filed a lawsuit. Once it's successful, he'l be jailed for embezzling Dorsey assets." 
William spoke loudly enough for everyone on the top floor to hear.
Brielle just laughed.
"Jailed? And will the Dorsey family compensate him for the value he's created for them?"
"That's his duty. After all, the Dorsey family has supported him for years."
William wasn't hiding his ambition anymore. Even if the old man
admired Max, he wouldn't hand over
the empire to an outsider. 
With the second son exiled and the third one missing, presumed dead, William was the likeliest candidate for CEO.
###Chapter 881
William was on cloud nine, his face glowing with excitement. Despite all the challenges he'd faced in life, this unexpected windfall at his age made him feel invincible. The very thing he had coveted for years was now within his grasp. thoughts, his gaze lingering on her, sending a chill down her spine.
He sneered, casting a lecherous glance at Brielle. It struck him how he'd never noticed just how stunning she was before. Given that she was an old flame of Max's, William couldn't help but wonder about her in more intimate settings. He didn't bother to hide his filthy
Brielle felt a wave of nausea and quickly stepped into the elevator. Meanwhile, William marched straight towards the CEO's office as if he owned the place. The top-floor staff tried to stop him, but with a mere tilt of his head, they were dismissed on the spot. This show of power silenced everyone, and they could only watch as William took command. Their only hope was for Max to return swiftly and that the online rumors were just that-rumors.
After leaving the building, Brielle called Patrick, who answered her call. However, Patrick was clueless about Max's whereabouts and had only been tasked with finding Dustin.
"Ms. Brielle, we've located Mr. Lynch. I'll have someone pick you up tonight."
"But what about Max?"
"I'm sorry, the boss often goes off on his own. My job is to complete the tasks he's assigned. The village where Mr. Lynch was seen is quite far, on the edge of Beaconsfield. We're still unsure about the situation there, but we've confirmed his presence. We leave tonight." Brielle fell silent, her lashes casting a shadow on her cheeks. "Okay."
Finding her brother was crucial, but so was Max's safety. When Patrick admitted he had no idea what Max was up to, Brielle realized that perhaps no one truly knew Max at all.
She had some time before their evening departure, so she decided to visit the Dorsey family ancestral home. But before she could enter, she ran into Victoria.
Victoria's face contorted with rage,
and she raised her hand to slap Brielle. "You wretch! Are you happy now? You've ruined Max. If it weren't for you he wouldn't be tainted by
these scandals. It's all your fault!"
Brielle caught Victoria's wrist, stopping the slap mid-air. "Miss Dorsey, this mess is Martha's doing, not mine."
Victoria seethed at Brielle's calm demeanor. Her chest heaved with fury as she called for the Dorsey family bodyguards. "Beat her to a pulp!"
Victoria had been itching to do this, and with Max away, it was the perfect chance to eliminate Brielle. But as the bodyguards stepped forward, Addison and Aiden appeared behind Brielle. Seeing Brielle with her own protection, Victoria laughed bitterly, convinced Max must have arranged it, always so thorough in his care. "Bitch, you only cling to Max for protection," she spat.
Brielle ignored the insult and
signaled Addison and Aiden to stand
down as the Dorsey bodyguards
hadn't made a move. Unable to enter the ancestral home, Brielle called Tiffanie, who could surely gain access. She just wanted to know if Max was there. 
Tiffanie picked up quickly and was at the ancestral home. "Brielle, don't clash with her. Maxie isn't here," Tiffanie said, likely observing from a vantage point.
Brielle ended the call and left with Addison and Aiden. Victoria, left standing there, fumed, guessing who had contacted Brielle and seething with frustration.
Back in the ancestral home, she dragged Tiffanie down from upstairs and slapped her across the face-the slap intended for Brielle. "You're just like Brielle! A little whore! You should never have been born!"
Victoria's life had been a saga of unrequited love, even resorting to manipulation to keep a man by her side, enduring insults even in bed. Her psyche was twisted. She used to comfort herself with wealth, with the endless fortune she could squander. But with Max in trouble, even that last bastion of security seemed to be slipping away. 
###Chapter 882
Tiffany felt the sting of the slap as she tumbled to the ground, her cheek swelling up like a balloon. But Victoria wasn't done. She grabbed Tiffany's hair and unleashed a barrage of slaps, one after another, not stopping until she'd hit her a dozen times. "You're nothing but trash, just like your useless father! No wonder you're such a rotten apple, just like him!"
Just as the venomous words left her mouth, the door to the Dorsey house swung open. Victoria's eyes narrowed at the sight of the man entering, and she quickly tried to touch up her makeup.
"Everett, what brings you to the Dorsey place today?" she asked, clearly flustered.
Everett rarely visited the Dorsey household unless it was absolutely necessary, so his presence was a shock. Even at his age, Everett still had that magnetic charm of a mature man. Back in the day, when he was on stage, international critics would rave about his hands, calling them "kissed by the gods."
Everett had risen to fame early, slicing through the competition to become a world-renowned piano maestro. Yet, despite his success, he was forced to be with a woman who had been violated and impregnated, leaving his fiancée behind. His hatred for Victoria was matched only by his disdain for the entire Dorsey clan and maybe even Tiffany.
This child, born from such filth, why should she bear his name?
So, seeing the scene before him, his eyes only held a sneer. Dressed in a sharp suit, wearing gloves, and even a mask as if the very air in the Dorsey house was beneath him, he looked every bit the part of someone who wanted nothing to do with this place. Victoria scrambled to her feet, eager to take his coat, but Everett simply walked past her and headed upstairs. Minutes later, he came back down holding a document-probably something he had left behind during a previous visit.
Tiffany, still on the ground, couldn't help but chuckle at the sight of Victoria's years of devotion ending in such a pathetic state. Victoria, in response, kicked Tiffany squarely in the chest. Tiffany coughed violently, wiping away the blood that trickled from the corner of her mouth.
After delivering the blow, Victoria hurried to catch up with Everett. "Everett, tonight's the night we consummate our marriage," she said, her voice trembling.
Everett paused mid-step, turning his
gaze towards Tiffany with contempt and disgust. This girl, barely an adult, was already covered in tattoos and surrounded by a notorious crowd just like her unknown father. The thought that the world saw such a woman as his daughter filled Everett with shame. 
Since Tiffany was young, he had never stopped Victoria from abusing her; in fact, he had encouraged it. Victoria would do anything to please him, even if it meant being cruel to her own daughter. Several times, Tiffany was beaten nearly to death and thrown into the attic, only to crawl down days later, pale and emaciated. Yet she endured, telling no one, claiming she was just put in "time-out." The tattoos that covered her arms often served to hide the bruises, the only way to keep the abuse from prying eyes.
Tiffany's life was an unsung tragedy, orchestrated by Victoria and Everett. But Everett held no regret; the child should never have been born.
"So, you still dream of bearing another piece of trash?" he sneered.
Victoria had been desperately trying
to conceive for years, but the trauma from the past had left her barren since Tiffany's birth, a fact long confirmed by the hospital. But Victoria refused to accept it, chasing after all sorts of quack remedies, hoping to trap Everett with another child. Everett let her carryson, finding perverse pleasure in her despondent failures. 
Victoria had grown immune to Everett's verbal abuse. She reached out tentatively, grabbing his sleeve. Tiffany, witnessing this, let out another scoff. Pulling herself up, she limped back upstairs.
Just then, her phone buzzed with a text from Brielle. "Mason's been asking why you haven't been in touch," it read.
Tiffany coughed again, more blood staining her lips. "Just stringing him along, I'll deal with it later. He's too serious; it's boring," she typed back, smirking despite the pain.
###Chapter 883
Brielle furrowed her brow as she read the message, the same worry lines that had creased Tiffanie's forehead just days before.
She had always seen Mason and Tiffanie as genuine souls, untouched by the complexities of the world around them. She never intended to meddle in their relationship; after all, the shadows of past grievances cast by their elders still loomed over them. Finding no one at the Dorsey estate, she decided to let it go. Even Patrick was clueless. It seemed waiting for Dustin's return was the only way to uncover the truth.
Before setting out, Brielle had also heard the buzz online about the Dorsey lineage. Despite the uproar over Max's heritage, Michael had become a recluse, turning away visitors and secluding the hospital floor where he stayed, allowing only medical staff to tread. Brielle couldn't grasp Michael's thoughts. With his ruthless reputation, wouldn't he convene a family meeting to disinherit Max from Dorsey International the moment he learned Max wasn't his blood? Yet, Michael was avoiding everyone, as if waiting for some news. Lowering her lashes, Brielle remembered the phone call Max had taken that night, seemingly about the elusive third Dorsey sibling-a ghost in the family lore, whose fate had been the subject of whispers and speculation for far too long.
Meeting up with Patrick on the outskirts, Brielle couldn't help but ask, "Patrick, what do you know about Max's uncle Brodie?"
"Ms. Brielle," Patrick replied carefully, "truth be told, I'm not sure. He vanished when the boss turned ten, right around the time he was named successor."
It was hard not to wonder if the third Dorsey had become a casualty in the battle for inheritance.
Patrick had been with Max for years but had only been brought into the Dorsey fold after the succession was decided.
"Patrick, are you aware that Max isn't a blood Dorsey?"
Patrick's eyelashes fluttered down as he responded with formal precision, "I'm not privy to that information."
For a moment, Brielle was at a loss for words.
As the car roared to life, they headed toward their destination.
The drive would take about six or seven hours. Given the persistent spring drizzle, the helicopter was grounded, so they would drive until the fog lifted, at which point the chopper would catch up.
Before leaving, Brielle pocketed the pistol Max had given her-a precaution for what she knew would be a tumultuous search for Dustin.
Patrick's face was a mask of seriousness. The cars had been disguised as everyday vehicles to avoid drawing attention.
Two hours into the drive, the world
outside was a blur of shadows, the city a distant memory. Three cars followed, all filled with Max's people, Addison and Aiden included 
en FindNovel
OUMS
Another half-hour passed, and Brielle's hand clutched her stomach as a wave of nausea turned her pale.
Patrick glanced at her through the rearview mirror and mistook her discomfort for carsickness, promptly pulling over.
"Ms. Brielle, step out for a bit of fresh air," he suggested.
Uncertain whether it was the motion or something else, Brielle obliged. Once outside, she doubled over, her stomach rebelling bitterly against her.
Patrick handed her a bottle of water,
and after a rinse, she stood up, only to be hit by a wave of dizziness, as if she had been fasting for days. She had forgotten to eat, likely triggering her stomach ailment. 
Patrick offered her a piece of chocolate. She managed a bite, but within moments of the car's jostling, she was sick once more.
With the car stopping repeatedly, Brielle felt a tide of guilt.
"Patrick, don't worry about me; just drive faster. I'll be fine," she insisted. "We can rest when we get there."
But her pallor told a different story, and Patrick wasn't about to take a risk.
When they approached the nearest town, Patrick pulled over.
"Ms. Brielle, l'have Aiden and
l.ne
Addison stay with you, and leave a car," he said decisively. "You should get checked out at the hospital. tonight Keep your phone handy. Once find Mr. Lynch, I'll update you on his status." 
Brielle wanted to argue but clamped her mouth shut as another wave of nausea hit her.
###Chapter 884
Addison and Aiden didn't waste any time after Patrick's request; they quickly drove Brielle to the local clinic. Being a small town, there wasn't a central hospital around, and this clinic was the only option. Initially, the clinic was closed, but Addison called the number posted at the door, promising extra payment, which convinced them to open up again.
The doctor at the clinic gave Brielle a once-over and asked about her symptoms. When she mentioned feeling nauseous and unwell, the doctor inquired, "When was your last period?"
Brielle was caught off guard, feeling as if a gong had been struck in her head. She had been too busy with various issues to keep track of her cycle. Now, reminded by the doctor, she realized it had been a month and a half. The doctor took her wrist and felt her pulse, repeating, "How long ago was your last period?"
"Over forty days," she replied.
With over forty days passed, a simple pulse check was enough for a pregnancy diagnosis.
Brielle felt a wave of nervousness, sweat breaking out on her back as the doctor's fingers rested on her wrist.
Meanwhile, Addison and Aiden waited outside, unaware of the conversation inside. Given the private nature of medical matters, both of them, being respectful and principled, had positioned themselves at a distance.
"Did the nausea and vomiting start recently?" the doctor continued.
"Yes," Brielle answered shortly, and the doctor withdrew his hand.
"You're pregnant. Where's your husband? You've always been delicate, and you need to take special care during your pregnancy. Avoid stress and fatigue, and make sure to rest well. I don't have the means to run further tests here, but you should get a comprehensive check at a major hospital to see how the baby is doing."
The doctor glanced uncertainly at the two figures outside, unsure of Brielle's situation.
"Regardless, you must rest. You're quite run down, and if you don't take care, it could endanger the child," he warned.
Brielle's mind buzzed with noise. After a previous false alarm with Max, they had been careful with contraception, but after a temporary breakup and reconciliation, they had slipped up a few times.
Seeing no joy on her face, the doctor
sighed, "If you're considering termination, you should act quickly. The later it is, the more harm it could cause you. It's important to protect yourself, and don't take any chances. One lapse in protection can easily lead to pregnancy. If you're not ready for a child, make sure your partner takes proper precautions." 
After the advice, the doctor reached for a prescription pad. "Would you like some traditional remedies?"
Brielle, needing to rush to Dustin's location, had no time for traditional concoctions. Remembering the doctor's words about her weakened state, she clenched her fists with concern. "Do you have any Western medicine? I really don't have time right now."
"Pregnancy is not about having time;
even if the sky was falling, you'd need to prioritize. If you lose the child, don't blame me for not warning you. You've even got bodyguards with you; clearly, you're someone important. I can't be responsible for any loss," the doctor said, waving his hand dismissively. "Just pay for the consultation. I don't stock Western medicine here." 
"Do you have any antacids?"
At the very least, she couldn't let anyone know about her pregnancy before she returned.
Frowning, the doctor admitted she didn't keep Western medicine in stock, but she had some antacids for personal use and handed a box to Brielle.
After paying for the consultation, Brielle stepped outside, feeling nauseous again. Addison and Aiden immediately came to her aid, supporting her.
"Ms. Brielle, are you alright?" Addison asked with concern.
"It's just an upset stomach," Brielle managed to say.
Addison, more attentive than Aiden, suggested, "We'll drive slowly. You can rest in the back. The seats fold down into a bed."
Then, nudging Aiden, she added, "Go grab some light meals, something easy on the stomach."
Once everything was prepared, the trio got back into the car. But Brielle was weighed down by heavy thoughts, tossing and turning on the makeshift bed in the back, unable to sleep. As soon as her body began to react, the reaction was fierce. The timing of this child's arrival was far from ideal, but it was not the child's fault. It was her indulgence in their pleasure that had led to forgetting contraception.
An hour into the drive, Brielle had
been sick four times. Eventually,
Addison and Aiden dared not
continue driving and promptly pulled over. The moment the car stopped, Brielle opened the door and staggered weakly to a tree, where she continued to be sick. Having
eaten next to nothing, there was hardly anything left to vomit. 
###Chapter 885
On the other side of town, Brielle had just stepped out of the clinic when she spotted a man in a mask standing outside as the yawning doctor was about to lock up for the night. The sight startled her, and she almost screamed at the unexpected figure on a late evening. But before she could make a sound, a bundle of cash was tossed her way. "How is she?" he asked, his voice carrying a mix of concern and indifference.
The doctor took a step back, belatedly picking up the money off the floor. A quick count revealed a whopping five thousand dollars, making her eyes light up with greed. "That lady's pregnant," she said.
As soon as the words left her mouth, she felt a chilling surge of murderous intent that made her hands tremble, spilling the money back onto the floor.
The man wasn't looking to harm her, though; he just stood there silently.
"Pregnant?" he repeated.
"Yes, a little over a month. I told her to rest; she's not in the best of health."
"Huh."
The doctor felt a tingling on her scalp, trembling and not daring to look at him. The air turned heavy, as if something were desperately holding back, ready to shatter the silence.
After a while, when the doctor looked up, the man was gone. If not for the scattered bills on the ground, she might have thought it was all just her imagination. She quickly gathered up the cash, stuffed it in her pocket, and couldn't lock the door fast enough.
Brielle's ride was moving at a snail's pace, so much so that dawn was breaking and they had yet to reach their destination.
Patrick had texted her, saying he'd found the village where Dustin was, but that Dustin had gone to the town to sell herbs. Brielle frowned. Selling herbs?
From Patrick's brief description, she learned that Dustin had been saved by a woman knowledgeable in medicine who made her living selling herbs. Dustin had been too injured to leave the house, but now able to move around, he had accompanied Emma to town to peddle their
wares. After all, it was Emma's sole source of income. 
Knowing that Dustin was alive put Brielle's mind at ease.
But her reaction was too severe; with only a lunchbox to eat, she felt terribly sick. Addison and Aiden had slowed down as much as they could, but Brielle couldn't handle the
torture of the journey.
"Ms. Brielle, you can't go on like this. I need to find the nearest place where you can rest for a few days; your body won't hold up otherwise," Addison said.
Brielle yearned to see Dustin, but she
could feel her stomach fiercely protesting. She remembered the heartache and guilt she felt the last time she thought she'd lost a child. Even though it was Alivia's trickery, the pain had been real. 
She didn't want to experience that agony again, so she had to protect this child at all costs.
The nearest town was just off the highway.
Without hesitation, Addison drove straight there.
Before passing out, Brielle managed to send a text to Max.
When she woke up, a stark white ceiling greeted her. Addison and Aiden were at her bedside, relieved to see her come around.
"Ms. Brielle, the boss called. He said he'll be here within two hours," Addison informed her.
Brielle instantly regretted it. With Max gone, no one knew what he was up to. What if he was in the middle of something important, and her message had interrupted him?
Brielle was rarely sentimental or indecisive. Perhaps it was the untimely arrival of this child that made her feel so unsettled. But now that Max was already on his way, any regret was too late.
###Chapter 886
She got up, feeling an empty pit in her stomach. Aiden had gone out to get her some soup, while Addison asked if she needed any fruit. "You're looking pretty pale," Addison noted.
Brielle wasn't sure how bad she looked but did crave some fruit. Once Addison and Aiden left, she tried to get out of bed and stretch her legs. Just then, the door swung open, and a middle-aged couple barged in. Seeing only Brielle, a frail young woman, they immediately turned hostile.
"This was our room last month. You need to leave; my husband hurt his leg and needs immediate care," the woman demanded as if it were her birthright. Without waiting, she grabbed Brielle's wrist to push her out. The supposed injured husband, looking perfectly healthy, didn't intervene. He even seemed annoyed by his wife's slow pace.
Brielle yanked her arm free, staring back at the woman's arrogant gaze.
"You better not mess with us. This room is reserved for us. You're here because of a staff error. Now get out," the woman insisted. Too drained to argue, Brielle snapped, "Get lost."
The woman, enraged, yelled for the attending doctor.
Recognizing the couple, the doctor appeared uneasy. "Ms. Brielle, let's find you another room," he suggested.
The woman smirked, pulling off Brielle's bedsheets. "Change these sheets immediately. My husband's injury is critical," she ordered.
As staff moved to comply, Brielle sat back down firmly. "We've paid for this room, and I'm not moving," she declared.
The doctor whispered to her, "Ms. Brielle, they're connected to Mark, who knows all the local officials. No one can touch them. If you don't want trouble, it's best to move."
The doctor clearly didn't want any more issues.
The woman had already swept Addison and Aiden's items from the table to the floor, confident in her victory.
Brielle took a deep breath and called the police.
But before the police arrived, hospital security showed up-not to deal with the disruptive couple, but to remove Brielle.
Frowning, Brielle nearly laughed at the absurdity. "You're kicking out the patient instead of the troublemakers?"
9
The middle-aged woman kicked the scattered belongings aside, hands on her hips.. "We told you, it was a hospital mistake giving you this room It's always reserved for Keep pushing, and you won't get a refund. We'll stay here, and you'll be paying for it." 
Brielle, alone and seemingly easy to bully, appeared like an easy target.
Noticing her husband's wandering eyes, the woman snapped, "Home-wrecker, seductress."
Maybe it was the pregnancy, but Brielle felt her composure slipping in the face of these unreasonable strangers.
Remaining seated, she tried to stay calm. "I'm not moving."
The woman then ordered the security guards, "Throw her out! This room is mine!"
Just as they rolled up their sleeves, Aiden returned with the soup.
He hurried to Brielle's side, his expression darkening.
Brielle's stomach twisted with discomfort, craving the warmth of the soup after days without proper food.
Aiden handed her the soup. "Ms. Brielle, eat by the window."
There was a table by the window, away from the chaos, where she wouldn't be disturbed. He would handle this mess.
Brielle nodded, picking up the bag and moving slowly towards the window.
But just then, the police arrived, and
е
the middle-aged woman's eyes lit up upon seeing the leading officer
clearly another acquaintVe
swnov
Before Brielle could sit down, she heard the officer instructing them to leave.
The woman's tips curled smugly as she helped her robust husband onto the bed. "Should've just given us the room earlier. We have connections in Beaconsfield. You know the Dorsey family, right? We're distant retatives." 
###Chapter 887
There was a smug satisfaction on the woman's face as she spoke about the Dorsey family.
Brielle finally took a good look at her. The woman's outfit screamed nouveau riche, and her husband was also decked out in designer gear from head to toe.
Brielle figured this so-called distant relative must be connected by a series of convoluted ties after all, the Dorsey family was in hot water these days. Anyone with a real claim to the Dorsey legacy would be busy tending to the old man, not wasting their breath in a small- town spat. But as tempers flared and it seemed like fists might fly, a new voice echoed from outside the hospital room.
"Stop it, what on earth are you doing?"
A middle-aged man in a suit approached, his scalp tingling with irritation when he recognized the troublemakers as his own kin.
Brielle's eyes welled with tears upon seeing the figure behind the man.
The middle-aged man turned, his face etched with respect.
"Mr. Dorsey, welcome to our hospital. Who might you be looking for?"
Before he could finish, Max strode confidently toward Brielle.
He placed his hands on Brielle's shoulders, checking her over to ensure she wasn't injured, and finally breathed a sigh of relief. Then, his piercing gaze darted toward the instigators.
The couple that had been sitting on the hospital bed stood up, cowed by his presence and too frightened to speak.
Max opened a bag on the table and set out some soup.
"Eat something first."
Brielle nodded, her attention no longer on the chaos behind her.
Meanwhile, the middle-aged couple, eager to apologize to Brielle, heard Max's stern command, "Get out."
The remark was directed at everyone in the room.
The man who came with Max knew a disaster when he saw one and quickly ordered the hospital staff to change all the sheets to freshly sanitized ones before he dared to leave.
Brielle took a few spoonfuls of the soup, wanting to ask Max what he'd been up to these past few days, but his phone rang again.
He coughed softly, his lips slightly pale, and patted her head soothingly before stepping aside to take the call.
Whatever was said on the other end caused his expression to darken instantaneously.
He pressed a hand to his temple, his eyes resting on Brielle.
"Hold them off, I'll be there once I've sorted things out here."
After ending the call, he faced Brielle, who couldn't bring herself to eat anymore.
"Are you hurt?" she asked, looking up at him.
"Just a scratch."
He coughed again, continuing to rub at his temple.
Just as Brielle was about to speak, the doctor arrived, summoning Max outside.
Max's hand lingered on Brielle's belly for a moment, a gentle reassurance.
Brielle had sent him a message that brought him rushing: she was pregnant and wanted to see him.
Before lapsing into unconsciousness, she had
undergone a series of tests, and
now it seemed the doctor was ready to discuss the results with Max.
After urging her to eat more, Max stood and left the room.
As soon as the door closed behind him, the doctor spoke solemnly.
"Ms. Brielle's health is precarious, and she's exhausted. Coupled with her history of contraceptive pills and an IUD, which can harm the uterus this pregnancy isn't viable. The The longer it remains, the more harm it will cause her. An immediate termination procedure is necessary." 
Contraceptive pills and an IUD?
Max frowned-neither seemed to fit with what he knew of Brielle.
"Are you sure?"
The doctor nodded, aware of Max's influential status and the gravity of lying.
"The device is still inside her. If you wish to have children, it should be removed first to ensure a healthy pregnancy in the future. She's already at risk of a miscarriagez If you're doubtful of the local tests, you could take her to Beaconsfield for a second opinion." 
Max's head thundered, the pain intensifying with the weight of the news.
###Chapter 888
The doctor delivered the news with a tone that brooked no argument. "If you've made up your mind, you need to get the surgery done as soon as possible."
Max couldn't trust the small-town hospital with Brielle's surgery; he was determined to get her back to Beaconsfield.
But Brielle had come here for a different reason-to find Dustin.
Massaging his temples, Max walked back into the hospital room. Brielle was sitting up in bed, her face pale and tired from the journey. Seeing Max seemed to lift her spirits a bit.
Max took her hand and kissed it gently. "Patrick's out looking for Dustin. I'm taking you back to Beaconsfield. Your health is the priority."
To reassure her, he called Patrick for an update.
Patrick's news wasn't great-Dustin and Emma still hadn't returned. They were likely caught up in some trouble and might have to spend the night in town. Patrick felt it would be a waste of time to go after them and risk missing them, so he decided to wait at Emma's place.
Besides, Emma's mother was seriously ill at home, barely able to move. Emma had left food and water within reach before going to sell herbs. Under the bed was a chamber pot Emma emptied every couple of days. Given her mother's condition, Emma wouldn't stay away for more than two days.
Emma sometimes spent nights in the mountains gathering herbs. This time, Dustin had insisted on accompanying her to town despite his injuries, hoping a change of scenery might help his memory. Her electric scooter could carry one more person, so she agreed. Now, both of them and the scooter were stuck at the bottom of a five-meter-deep pit-a wild boar trap made slippery by recent rain.
When Dustin fell, the scooter landed on him. Now he sat quietly to one side, eyes closed. Emma had tried countless ways to climb out, even piling up soil to give herself a boost.
Dustin was shivering with fever. Emma regretted not insisting he stay home. She took off her own clothes to cover him, hoping to keep him warm.
In his delirium, Dustin's eyes fluttered open, memories flooding back to him.
He coughed and pulled Emma into his arms.
She could feel the heat radiating from him. "Rest a bit," she urged. "I'm almost there."
The mound of dirt was over a meter high now. With a little more effort, she could climb out, but getting Dustin out without help would be tough.
Leaning against the pit wall, Dustin's
mind was bombarded with
memories, causing a throbbing pain in his head. Sweat beaded on his forehead and cheeks. 
Emma wiped her hands and held him close. "Dustin?"
Even in his weakened state, his face was strikingly handsome. He pulled Emma tight against him. She intended to resist but froze as his burning hands found her waist.
"Cold," Dustin murmured, seeking warmth.
In matters of intimacy, Dustin had a natural gift, and their entwined sweat seemed to soothe him.
Emma blinked, sighed, and stopped resisting.
After a night spent in each other's arms, Emma woke at dawn to find Dustin's fever had broken, though his lips were pale. Resuming her task with the dirt, she finally climbed out of the pit. Scanning the
ove
surroundings, she decided to fetch some water and look for wild berries-Dustin needed something to eat. 
###Chapter 889
The dawn broke over the sleepy town as Emma filled her water bottle from the stream and wrapped a handful of wild berries in leaves. When she returned to the pit, her heart sank-Dustin was nowhere to be found. "Dustin?" Her voice wavered, the berries tumbling to the ground as panic set in. She searched the surrounding area, calling his name, but he was gone.
Meanwhile, Dustin had already been scooped up by Patrick, who had been waiting all night for them to return. When they didn't show up, he decided to drive out and search. Near the edge of town, he spotted tire tracks that led him straight to an unconscious Dustin. Patrick didn't waste a moment. He hoisted Dustin into the car and headed back to Emma's humble abode. Realizing Emma had saved Dustin, and recognizing the limited medical resources at their disposal, Patrick left a stack of cash for her troubles and whisked Dustin away.
Back at the pit, Emma searched desperately for three long hours. With no sign of Dustin and concerns for her mother's health looming, she made a quick trip into town to alert the authorities, her mind racing with dreadful scenarios-had Dustin wandered off in his weakened state and been abducted?
Despite her myriad fears, duty called her home. When she arrived, she was greeted by her mother's coughing fits and the sight of the cash left on the table. Her eyes narrowed. Dustin had been here-and he'd left money?
Emma silently placed the bills in a drawer, deciding that if Dustin ever returned, she'd give it all back to him. After taking care of her mother, Emma stood before the mirror, studying her reflection. Her usually tan skin was pale, her neck marked with bruises that were, thankfully, barely visible. It all felt like a dream.
In the speeding car, Dustin finally awoke. Patrick, who had moved to the backseat, let out a sigh of relief.
"Mr. Lynch, how are you feeling?"
Dustin's brows furrowed, recognizing the voice. "Patrick?" he asked, his tone polite but distant.
Patrick nodded, relieved that Dustin seemed coherent. "I'm taking you back to Beaconsfield. You're still recovering."
Dustin glanced outside, his expression darkening. "Where are we? You saved me?"
Patrick was taken aback. "No, it was a doctor."
Unbeknownst to Patrick, this revelation barely stirred Dustin. His injury had caused memory loss, and the brief time spent recuperating in the woods had slipped from his mind.
As they reached the county, a helicopter was waiting to take them the rest of the way. Brielle and Max had already departed, planning to meet up in Beaconsfield.
As Dustin watched the helicopter
rise, his thoughts from the previous
night-of intimacy with a woman
such a raw environment-had vanished. Now, his mind was consumed with thoughts of Dummy, his eyes flashing with a cold
intensity. 
He never expected such betrayal from someone who'd been by his side for years.
Kenzo, Dummy-it was all a cunning game.
Dustin's chest heaved with emotion. "What's Kenzo up to these days?"
Was he frantically searching for Dustin's whereabouts? After all, Dustin had seen his face that night their guns pointed at each other. He'd never imagined that Dummy
would be unscarred, nor could he
have pictured that face.
He had met with Kenzo before in Beaconsfield. What had Kenzo thought of him then? Did he revel in the power of manipulating everyone around him?
A bitter laugh escaped him as he
looked down at the rolling green bills
below, a heavy feeling in his heart.
He couldn't shake the sense that he was forgetting something crucial. 
###Chapter 890
Emma thought Dustin would come back, maybe in a day, maybe in a week. After getting everything settled with her mother, she noticed a pile of firewood in the yard, chopped by Dustin himself.
She was swamped with endless chores daily, with gathering herbs, drying them, and selling them taking priority. When Dustin felt a bit better, he had offered to help by chopping some wood, carrying the axe with determination to ease her burden. But since he was still
recovering, the task took him the entire morning.
As Emma stoked the fire to cook dinner, she couldn't quite place the emotion stirring inside her. The sound of coughing from inside the house snapped her out of it, and she pushed aside her thoughts; after all, he would come back eventually.
However, come evening, a neighbor popped over with news that someone had visited her home yesterday, seemingly a relative of Dustin's.
"They looked pretty wealthy, waited here all evening, but you were off to town selling your herbs, weren't you?" the neighbor jeered.
"I reckon they're just some rich folks passing through. Don't get your hopes up; someone like that would never fancy you."
"I bet he's got a fiancée back in the city."
The neighbor had always enjoyed belittling Emma, and now with the dashing man gone, they relished tossing these barbs her way. Clutching the axe, Emma split several logs with a ferocity that sent shivers through the neighbor, who then awkwardly excused themselves and left.
"Emma, cough, cough."
Her mother's weak voice called out from inside. Emma quickly put the axe down and brought her a glass of warm water.
"He's gone?" Her mother's voice was frail, her appearance gaunt. Emma nodded, helped her drink, and then grabbed the broom to start sweeping the floor.
"Last night, quite a few people came by, must've been his family." Emma paused mid-sweep, regretting she never met his family members.
"Emma, if he's gone, he's gone," her mother whispered. Emma said nothing, just diligently cleaned the house from top to bottom, and when she lay in bed that night, thoughts of their time in the cave surfaced. It was as if a prince from the heavens had graced the earth. Now that the dream was over, he had returned to his celestial realm. Descending to weather a trial, and once completed, the trifles of the human world were but a flick of the finger to him, unworthy of remembrance. 
Meanwhile, Brielle had returned to Beaconsfield. As soon as she landed, Max insisted on a full medical check-up. She complied without delay, knowing better than to postpone. After a battery of tests, which caused her to vomit several times, she had lost considerable weight from the ordeal. Throughout the day, Max's phone rang almost every half hour, but he would only speak briefly before hanging up. The doctors gave the same verdict: due to Brielle's health, the pregnancy could not continue. This was conveyed to her in hushed tones. 
Max, lips pursed, stood silently in the hallway, pulling out a cigarette but, remembering he was in a hospital, slowly put it back. Spotting him alone as she emerged, Brielle asked weakly, "Do I need to be hospitalized?"
Max's eyelashes fluttered at the question, sniffing himself to ensure there was no trace of smoke, before enveloping her in an embrace.
"No, we'll head back to Pearl Estate," he said, deliberately choosing Pearl Estate over Premier Palace. Brielle nodded, and as they made their way downstairs, they were greeted by a convoy of cars from the Dorsey family, with William at the helm. 
William had been searching for Max these past days, and upon catching wind that Max had returned to Beaconsfield, he rushed over without pause. Flanking William were several lawyers.
"Max, these lawyers will discuss the matter of your stepping down as CEO of Dorsey International. You've stolen from the Dorsey family, and we have every right to sue you," William announced with smug satisfaction, almost gleefully.
###Chapter 891
In William's life, he'd never spoken to Max with such determination before. He was still wary of the shares Max held; regardless of whether Max was truly part of the Dorsey family or not, those shares were undeniably in his possession.
So, William's plan was to sue Max on behalf of the Dorsey family. If Max wasn't really one of them, he should hand over the shares and step down. Otherwise, prison awaited him.
This, in William's mind, was the perfect strategy. He knew he couldn't beat Max head-to-head, but if Max willingly gave up his CEO position, William was ready to offer him a payout.
William stood in front of his sleek black car, surrounded by several other vehicles belonging to the Dorsey family's extended network. From everyone's perspective, Max's downfall seemed inevitable. Once he was out of the picture, as Michael's eldest son, William was the clear frontrunner for the top spot.
"Max, don't blame us. What you're holding belongs to the Dorsey family. My lawyers are ready, and you can see I mean business. Just hand over the shares, and we'll let it go," William declared.
Brielle, standing beside Max, couldn't help but find it ridiculous. Max had been groomed as the Dorsey heir since he was ten, and his decisions had skyrocketed the company's value. Now, instead of receiving accolades, William's attitude suggested that not imprisoning Max was a huge favor. She instinctively grabbed Max's hand.
She wasn't sure what Max had been dealing with lately, but she sensed it had to do with negotiations with Michael.
Ignoring William's bluster, Max opened the car door and helped Brielle inside.
"Let's head to Pearl Estate for a break," he said, joining her in the car.
William and his entourage stood there, stunned, as the car drove off. It hit them only then that Max had outright ignored them.
William was shaking with anger, his fists clenched tight - some people just didn't get it until it was too late.
In the car, Brielle wanted to speak but felt a wave of nausea and clutched her stomach instead. She was determined to have this baby. The doctors had been discreet, sharing results only with Max. Was there something wrong with the baby? Anxiously, she gripped Max's arm. He looked out the window, a slight frown on his face.
"Ugh, cough, cough."
He coughed a few times, rubbing his forehead.
When they arrived at Pearl Estate, Brielle saw several people in black waiting - clearly, Max's team.
Someone whispered something to him, and he replied coolly, "We'll talk later."
Inside her room, which she hadn't visited in a while, everything was still spotless. Max handed her a glass of water and turned off his phone, showing he wasn't interested in any interruptions. 
"Dustin
about
Moebe in Beaconsfield in
O hours," he said, holding et
her hand. "He probably has his own matters to deal with."
belongs to en.kikistorie tent
He gently touched Brielle's belly.
"Brielle, your health-"
She cut him off, gripping his hand tightly, her grasp saying more than words - she wanted this child.
But it wasn't just about what she wanted.
He leaned closer, placing her hand in his.
"Listen to me, your body isn't ready for "
Before he could finish, Brielle stood up, clearly upset.
"No matter what, I want this baby."
"Brielle!"
Realizing his tone was harsh, Max softened his voice.
"Brielle, the doctors said your can't handle it. If you don't be them, I'll take you soelse
e tests." 
Because of past incidents, she had lost trust in hospitals.
Biting her lip, Brielle slumped back onto the sofa, her eyes filling with tears.
"How will we know if we don't try?"
Max's eyes reddened briefly with guilt. He had always been careful, but somehow, he had still caused her pain.
###Chapter 892
He took a deep breath and gently patted her shoulder. "Get some rest. I'll wake you when Dustin gets here."
Brielle was completely worn out. She had spent the last couple of days traveling, and now that she was finally home, she faced a mountain of issues with the Dorsey family. She could tell Max had a lot on his plate too, but he dropped everything to be with her the moment she sent that text.
She didn't even get the chance to ask if her message had messed up his plans before she drifted off to sleep.
Max stepped out onto the balcony, staring into the distance. His phone lay next to him, still turned off. He wanted to smoke to calm his nerves, but remembering that Brielle was pregnant, he resisted the urge.
Turning his phone back on, he ignored a slew of missed calls and dialed his trusted doctor to arrange a comprehensive check-up. Expectant mothers can be easily upset, and Brielle had already faced a traumatic experience concerning a child before. Although she hadn't been pregnant then, the pain was real. So when it came to anything about the baby, she couldn't stay calm and deal with it properly.
After hanging up with his private doctor, Max's phone rang again. Seeing the number, his brows furrowed in reluctance. He answered just as the screen was about to go dark, and an anxious voice came through.
"When are you coming over? Have you lost your mind?"
Max glanced outside, his voice rough. "Brielle's pregnant, I thought="
He didn't get to finish; the person on the other end cut him off. "After all the planning you've done, you drop everything and rush over because she's pregnant. Father has found out that I've been helping you, Max. I won't last much longer, and neither will your health." Max coughed twice, his eyelashes drooping. "The doctor said the baby isn't viable."
The news seemed to drive the person on the other end mad, but after a few minutes, they calmed down, knowing this must have hit Max hard. He had said many times how much he looked forward to his child, whether a boy or a girl. As soon as he knew Brielle was expecting, he rushed to her side.
"Max, if you can hold on just a bit longer, Father won't detect anything this time. He won't find out I've been helping you."
Max leaned his elbow on the cool railing, his tone nonchalant. "What's the situation like?"
"He's on his way here, and he's taken control of my lab. He won't be giving you any more medication. You won't last long."
As soon as he finished speaking, there was the sound of a door being kicked in on the other end, and the phone was snatched away. Michael's voice followed.
"Max, is this what you call a proper talk?"
Michael's tone was icy. He glanced at the sterile lab and then at the middle-aged man in a wheelchair, his third son, whose legs had been crippled in an attempt to save him. His lips curled into a sneer.
"The third child was crippled trying to save you, and now he's been quietly helping you again. Shame, he was never truly one of the Dorseys, always against me."
After Michael said this, he sighed.
"You've been doing well these years,
managing the Dorsey empire effectively. I thought you might care for the family, like Martha. But her death didn't stir anything in you. You never thought of breaking free from me before, but ever since Brielle came into your life, you developed unnecessary emotions." 
He despised Brielle, blaming her for ruining his perfect creation.
Brodie, sitting in the wheelchair, rubbed his temples. He was still wearing his doctor's white coat, and the lab was obviously equipped for pharmaceutical research. Many in Beaconsfield had forgotten about the third Dorsey son, as he had been missing for too long. No one knew where he had been all these years. But in his youth, Brodie was a leading pharmacist internationally. With his prolonged absence, people had long forgotten what he did. 
Michael pulled out a white vial from his pocket, containing the medication Max had needed for years. Michael had always claimed he would give Max one last chance, that hehad an ace up his sleeve. That ace was the medication, which Max needed to take once a month, and only Michael had access to it. 
###Chapter 893
It wasn't just Michael's ace up his sleeve; it was also why he didn't bat an eye at handing Dorsey International's reins to an outsider.
This outsider, Max, was something else. Under his leadership, Dorsey International had been thriving. Michael had no second thoughts about his choice. Besides, Max had survived years of literal firefights. No one else in the Dorsey clan could've handled things as well as he did. For Michael, the Dorsey family was everything. As long as he could elevate the Dorsey family, ensuring they stayed at the top in Beaconsfield before he kicked the bucket, nothing else mattered. Posthumous fame? Who cared? Michael wanted to enjoy the best resources and the finest treatment while he was alive. If the Dorsey family had a contest for the most selfish member, Michael would win hands down.
He always thought he had Max wrapped around his finger, using the remnants of family ties to keep him in check. Plus, his third son's paralysis was because of Max, so Max's servitude was well-deserved. But Max defying him over a woman? That was a line crossed, not once, but repeatedly.
"Max, I bet Brodie hasn't found a substitute for that drug yet, huh? Your migraines must be getting worse. Running back to Brielle now? That's just plain stupid."
Max's eyes lowered as he listened to the cold voice on the other end of the line. "No need to make things hard on Brodie."
Before he could finish, Michael pulled out a gun and aimed it at Brodie's leg. "The Dorsey family has never been short on sons, just obedient ones."
Brodie, sitting in his wheelchair with his white lab coat, looked calm as ever. When Max threw away all their plans to see Brielle, Brodie had seen this coming. After years of outsmarting the old man and secretly studying that drug, they had a plan. Max was supposed to hold off on taking it. Sure, the withdrawal would make him disappear for a while, but that was better than being controlled by it.
Brodie had everything ready. If Max could tough out and disappear, Brodie would get his hands on that drug, make a replica, and free Max from the old man's grip. But then a text message came, and whatever it said made Max take the drug,
vanish, and cut off all contact.
Brodie shook his head with a bitter smile. He knew his father too well. To break ten-year-old Max, Michael had even ruined his legs. The man was a lunatic.
Brodie understood the Dorsey family
better than anyone. That winter when Max turned ten was brutally cold, with snowstorms everywhere. Max had been thrown into an icy pond, and it was Brodie who had saved him. His legs were already injured, and the freezing water
sealed their fate. 
Michael had pinned the blame on ten-year-old Max. "You're why Brodie lost his legs and needs a wheelchair, Max. So, you owe it to the Dorsey family to make us rise again."
The brainwashing was sickening. How could a ten-year-old bear such a burden? Brodie, now confined to a wheelchair and heartbroken, saw his young brother Max, barely ten, vow to take on the family's responsibilities.
"Don't worry, Brodie. I'll take good care of the Dorsey family."
Brodie wasn't a naive child. Max was already a quiet, withdrawn kid who rarely spoke. That day was probably the most he had ever talked. Even if Max had starved in the attic, he seldom came out, and Martha, like a madwoman, had doctors in daily.
Brodie never told young Max that it
was Michael's men who had thrown him into the pond because Michael had already discovered his secret - Max was not a true Dorsey. An impure bastard was not something Michael could tolerate in the Dorsey family as it would tarnish their lineage. But the incident with Brodie meant Max bore a guilt, and Michael played along. After all, he had hoped for Max's death. Why not make him the heir instead? More people would target him then, and his survival would be a testament to his abilities. If he didn't make it, Michael lost nothing. Max had a talent that was beyond ordinary people. 
###Chapter 894
Martha knew Michael's scheming all too well, and it was slowly driving her to the edge. Max was the child she had fought so hard to bring back into her life, hoping he would find his place in the Dorsey family. But Michael shoved him into the spotlight, making him a target. Day by day, Martha's mental health crumbled. She couldn't escape the nightmares where Michael murdered her and Max. She had no idea Michael had already uncovered Max's true origins and believed her desperate cover-up could keep the truth hidden. Under immense pressure, Martha was on the brink of a breakdown. She sought out every psychiatrist and psychologist in Beaconsfield, hoping they could cure Max's introversion so he could win Michael's approval and be like any other child. She often said the Dorsey family was haunted, but Michael's heart was scarier than any ghost.
Imagine a ten-year-old, surrounded by doctors every day, fresh from the trauma of Brodie's accident that left him disabled. It was a miracle Max hadn't lost his mind.
Brodie had grown disillusioned with the Dorseys and wanted out. Fourteen years older than Max, at twenty-four, Brodie had experienced life's highs-love and prestigious medical accolades but also its lows: disabled legs, a girlfriend who left, and a father whose actions made him sick.
But Max's words made Brodie hesitate. Max had promised to shoulder the Dorsey family's burdens and repay his debt to Brodie. But what did Max owe him? Brodie knew he was just a pawn in Michael's game to manipulate Max; the boy owed him nothing. Yet he couldn't bear to reveal the truth, so he vanished like a coward.
He half-expected to hear of Max's death soon after and even bought a gravesite for him in a foolish gesture. Year after year, instead of bad news, Brodie watched as Max rose through the ranks, eventually making his mark on Wall Street. Max hadn't just survived; he had become a financial prodigy, the pride of the Dorsey family. The child's words had come true.
Ashamed of his years of retreat, Brodie reached out to Max again, only to discover that Michael's schemes were even more sinister than before. Michael had exploited Brodie's disability to coerce Max and drugged him during Martha's forced psychiatric sessions. For years, Max had become dependent on that medication, suffering unbearable headaches whenever he tried to stop-pain so intense he wished for
death. 
Compared to Max, Brodie's life was a mess, barely scraping by. He secretly reconnected with Max, the only one who knew of his existence, while to the world, Max pretended ignorance of Brodie's whereabouts.
Brodie had been quietly researching
the medication all these years. But someone else was pulling the strings behind Michael, guarding secrets dosely, allowing Brodie only recent access to clues. Yet, to his astonishment, Max had found someone he cared about. To Brodie, it seemed impossible-Max, a man seemingly devoid of certain
emotions, having survived so much within the Dorsey family. 
Martha had only wanted to control him, to use him to cement her own position. Michael wanted to exploit his talents to elevate the Dorseys even higher. Did anyone in the Dorsey family truly care for him? Probably not, yet in such a cutthroat environment, Max not only survived but found someone he wanted to spend his life with. 
Now, Michael's gun was aimed at Brodie's leg, but fear was the last thing on his mind. He sighed, pushing his glasses up on his nose.
"Father, these legs have been useless for ages. You could shoot through them, and I wouldn't feel a thing."
His tone was calm as he negotiated with Michael. But Michael had been mad for years, and expecting a sudden change was out of the question.
###Chapter 895
In Michael's eyes, Brielle was the one who had ruined Max. If Brielle had never entered his life, Max would have stayed loyal to the Dorsey family and never wandered into the mess of love and romance. Dorseys were never the type to fall head over heels, but Max wasn't really one of them, was he?
Michael had hit his limit. Lately, trying to get in touch with Max was like trying to catch smoke with his bare hands-calls went unanswered or were abruptly cut off. It seemed Max had hidden the youngest Dorsey brother away, focused on finding an alternative to that drug. A sly smile crept onto Michael's face as he holstered his gun. There was no point in pressuring Brodie now; the man was already a wreck and hadn't made any progress.
"Max, break up with Brielle and take charge of Dorsey International again. I'll have Ashton assist you. As for Sean, I'll make sure he backs off. Drop this nonsense about Brielle, and no one else needs to suffer."
William had already lined up a team of sharp lawyers. If it came to a legal battle, Max was bound to be dragged through a thorny patch of trouble.
Besides, the gossip about Max's real background had gone viral, causing the Dorsey family's stock to take a nosedive.
Michael didn't have many years left and he'd be damned if he let the Dorsey legacy crumble now.
Max held the phone, his tone indifferent. "And if I refuse?"
"Then don't blame me for what happens next. Remember the agreement you signed all those years ago? Did you think I'd ever fully trust the fate of the Dorsey empire to an outsider? That agreement gave me the power to veto your position indefinitely. I could replace you with Ashton as the CEO of Dorsey International right now, and you'd be powerless to stop it. As for your shares, I can reclaim them without changing a thing.'
"Then do it. Take them back."
Max's voice was even more detached as he heard Brielle whimper from a nightmare, signaling her distress.
"I've already signed the paperwork to transfer my Dorsey International shares. That title holds no allure for me anymore."
After hanging up, he moved to the bed.
Brielle was indeed trapped in a nightmare, her forehead beaded with sweat as she dreamt of danger befalling their child, her calls for help echoing in vain. Max gently dabbed her forehead with a tissue, wiping away the sweat.
The phone rang again, this time it was Patrick, informing him that Dustin had arrived in Beaconsfield.
Before Patrick could finish, Dustin snatched the phone from him. "Max, I heard Brielle's pregnant?"
It was a slip of the tongue from Patrick; Dustin had been stewing the entire trip.
"Yeah."
"Come downstairs."
Dustin had pulled up at the gates of Pearl Estate but didn't come up. Instead, he instructed Max to meet him outside.
Max took the elevator down and as soon as he stepped outside, he was greeted with a punch to the face.
"You got her pregnant without even
a wedding, without meeting the
l.ne
and with the Dorsey family
ibles?!" 
Max dodged, but didn't dare to fight back. This was his responsibility, and he had no defense.
The punch left his lip bruised, and he wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.
Dustin, still frail from his own struggles and with a mountain of issues awaiting him, couldn't help but seethe at the sight of Max. 
BUMS
"I'll marry her, take responsibility. Once her mood stabilizes..."
He was cut off as Dustin grabbed him by the collar. "Marry her? I've been listening to the Dorsey family's mess all the way here, and it's not even certain you can keep your CèO seat. With what are you planning to marry her? And what's this about her being unstable? Is the baby at risk?" 
Max fell silent, and Dustin, fuming, let him go. Patrick stood a short distance away, too wary to interject.
###Chapter 896
Caught between two powerhouses, Dustin knew he couldn't afford to cross either of them.
All he could do was pretend not to notice the brawl between the two financial moguls right at his neighborhood's entrance on such a night.
His phone buzzed-a new one Patrick had given him on the way over, with the SIM card now recovered. The overseas number furrowed his brow. To his surprise, it was his grandmother calling. Dustin had no interest in continuing any spat with Max; he answered the call with a cautious and gentle tone.
"Grandma, have you taken your medicine?"
Desiree had always been stubborn about following her doctor's orders, preferring to incessantly ask about her granddaughter instead.
Dustin had done everything he could, but each lead was a dead end. In his quest to find his sister, he'd even teamed up with the Clements family, only to realize he'd already met her.
And now, his sister was pregnant!
Anyone would be furious.
But Desiree wasn't asking about her granddaughter this time; she was concerned about him.
"Are you feeling better? Are you safe?"
Dustin always had a gut feeling that Desiree knew more than she let on, especially since his disappearance was a topic even the family avoided around her.
"Gran, I've been cooperating with the doctor lately. I feel almost back to normal, and there's been this sweet girl keeping me company these past few days. Turns out she's from Beaconsfield too, so I'm thinking of visiting."
Surprise flickered in Dustin's eyes. Given Desiree's health, even leaving the nursing home had been a challenge. Why the sudden urge to visit Beaconsfield?
"Grandma, who's been with you?"
Was this another spy those people had placed by her side?
"Don't worry about that, dear. I've been trying to reach you so many times, but your phone was always off. Now that you're okay, I can rest easy."
Throughout the call, Desiree never once brought up her granddaughter.
Dustin sensed something was off and advised, "Gran, I've found my sister, and I'll bring her home soon."
"Jay, while I do wish for that, shouldn't you thoroughly investigate your disappearance first? Who's behind it? Otherwise, even if she comes back, can you guarantee her safety? You can't even see the truth about the people around you." Dustin was left speechless.
He had just been criticizing Max, pointing out the heavy burdens the Dorsey family had placed on him, yet his own family, the Lynches, urgently needed him to address potential threats-especially regarding Kenzo, who seemed to have vanished from the scene. Dustin had never been betrayed so bitterly before, his face shadowed with a grim expression.
"I understand. I know where the problem lies."
Ending the call, he was about to head upstairs when a thought stopped him.
"What's going on with Brielle's pregnancy?"
He had known Brielle and Max long enough to see a bit of Max's true feelings, but Max's demeanor hardly reflected the excitement one would expect from impending fatherhood. Instead, Max seemed guilt-ridden, despondent. 
"Her health isn't great. The baby... it can't be born."
"Damn it!"
Dustin, livid, grabbed Max's collar, "Can't be born? You mean a miscarriage? Then what the hell are you waiting for? Where's the doctor? Get a damn doctor!" 
"Brielle has high hopes for this baby. She refuses to let it go."
Dustin fell silent, overwhelmed by frustration.
Ruffling his hair, he glared at Max with a darkened expression.
"How do you plan to deal with the Dorsey family mess? You want Brielle to suffer with you?"
Max looked like a man on trial. "I'll transfer my position at Dorsey International as soon as possible." "You're stepping down as CEO?"
"Yes."
set
He wanted to mention his more extensive Wall Street assets, worth even more than Dorsey International, but something made him look upstairs. 
Right now, the most important thing was Brielle's desire for the child. What would happen to her mentally if she lost it?
Before Dustin could speak again, his phone rang-it was his father, Raymond.
Dustin moved aside to talk about Dummy's situation quickly.
There was a moment of silence on the other end. "Sarah just left with him last night and hasn't returned yet."
Sarah was Raymond's wife, and Dustin's stepmother.
Suddenly feeling a chill, Dustin hurried outside.
"I'll be right back!"
After a few steps, his throat tightened. He shot Max a decisive look before hopping into his car.
"Dad, look into Max's Wall Street assets."
###Chapter 897
After wrapping up the call, he pulled up alongside Max and effortlessly rolled down the car window.
"My mom's missing, and things are a mess with the Lynch family. About Brielle's baby, make sure you discuss everything with her. Don't let her feel neglected."
As he said this, his hands tightened around the steering wheel.
"You need to sort out the Dorsey family business ASAP. Regardless of what happens with the baby, she's pregnant now."
Dustin's eyes were dark and intense, the usual sparkle in his eyes replaced by a serious gaze.
"I need to leave immediately. Since Brielle's sleeping, I won't disturb her. The Lynch family will always have her back. If I see any negative press about her back home, I'll bring her straight to the Lynch family." Truth be told, Dustin wanted to take Brielle back to the Lynch family right then and there.
But Brielle genuinely loved Max, and being pregnant made her more vulnerable and likely to want to stay by Max's side.
Dustin took a deep breath, knowing he needed to get to the bottom of Dummy's issue quickly.
Without waiting for Max to reply, he floored the gas pedal and drove off.
As the lost little princess of Infinity Brilliance, Brielle deserved the best life. Dustin knew enough of the North American elite that if Brielle wanted to marry a real North American prince, it would be no problem-the Lynch family would clear any obstacles for her. But he knew Brielle too well. If she hadn't really fallen for Max, she wouldn't be with him now.
They had been through so much together, and here he was, the suddenly appearing big brother, wanting to take her away. Even if she agreed, it would be heartbreaking for her.
Dustin gripped the steering wheel tightly, let out a sigh, and sent Brielle a message before boarding his flight.
If you ever feel down, just let me know, okay?
After sending the message, he boarded the plane.
Meanwhile, Brielle, exhausted, slept more soundly than ever.
She had expected Max to wake her up to meet Dustin, but when she saw the morning light streaming through the window, she knew she had missed her chance and quickly got up.
Her phone displayed Dustin's message, warming her heart. She was about to reply when Aubree's call came through.
"Bri, did you see Dorsey International's big news? They're buying up other entertainment companies and expanding big time."
Stellar Stage Entertainment used to
be a subsidiary of Dorsey
International, which never really
cared for the entertainment division, leaving Stellar Stage to fend for itself, especially since Max, wasn't big on the entertainment
Who
scene, was in charge. 
But now, Dorsey International was making a power move to grow their entertainment sector, clearly aiming to squeeze Stellar Stage Entertainment.
With Stellar Stage's recent success,
especially after signing Keiran and
with Aubree and Ricardo's movie
gaining momentum, Dorsey International's announcement
was
clearly meant to steal Stellar Stage
Entertainment's thunder.
Brielle's brows furrowed. She had faith in Stellar Stage Entertainment's first movie, but was this Dorsey International's only strategy-to knock Stellar Stage down a peg?
After getting ready, Brielle was about to head to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
But before she could leave, she found Addison and Aiden waiting outside her door.
"Ms. Brielle, the boss says wherever you go, we go," they insisted.
Brielle didn't , and together they headed to Stellar Stage Entertainment, only to find that all of its talent had received tempting offers from Dorsey International.
Though Stellar Stage was on a roll, it
was still small compared to a giant like Dorsey International. The resources they could offer were far greater than what Stellar Stage could provide. 
If Stellar Stage's artists accepted the offers from Dorsey International, all the fresh talent that Stellar Stage had nurtured would be snapped up.
And those were some promising stars. With this move, Dorsey International could invest in just one entertainment firm and enjoy the fruits of Stellar Stage Entertainment's hard work.
###Chapter 898
Brielle stared at the list in her hands, a rundown of talent that Dorsey International had already scoped out. She wasn't feeling all that confident about keeping these stars on board. Nearby, Donny was pacing, practically babbling with anxiety.
"Mr. Haywood, what on earth is Dorsey International playing at?"
The internet was still buzzing with rumors about Max's origins, and with Brielle being Max's girlfriend, the new attack on Stellar Stage Entertainment didn't look good. Did it mean Max was losing?
Brielle handed over the list. "Just focus on talking to these artists. As for Dorsey International, it's out of our hands for now."
Donny opened his mouth as if to protest but then fell silent. Outside the office, the once sycophantic executives were visibly on edge.
Recent events felt like some kind of twisted soap opera. Everyone had thought sticking with Brielle was a sure bet no one expected Max's downfall.
Max hadn't made any public appearances to counter the online speculation.
They wanted to question Brielle, but she was tight-lipped-they couldn't get a word out of her.
As Donny left the office, the executives quickly cornered him. "How'd it go? What does Mr. Haywood think? Still no word from Mr. Dorsey? I heard from a buddy at Dorsey International that William and Antonio are openly meddling in company affairs. Is Mr. Dorsey really stepping down as CEO?"
Donny just shook his head, clutching the list, planning to talk to Stellar Stage Entertainment's talent next.
Back in the office, Brielle massaged her temples, feeling a wave of nausea build in her stomach.
She hadn't seen Max when she woke up, but Addison and Aiden assured her he'd be back soon.
As she stood to leave the office, there was a knock on the door, and Aubree walked in.
With a movie release looming, Aubree had been run off her feet. Yet, the online rumors had still managed to shock her.
"What's in the water in Beaconsfield? First, Kenzo talks about retiring, now they're saying Max isn't a Dorsey? Whoever's stirring up this stuff must be nuts. How could Max not be a Dorsey?"
Aubree stopped midsentence as she saw Brielle's pallor, her voice trailing off uncertainly. "Is it true about Max?"
"Yeah."
No sooner had Brielle confirmed it than Aubree started pacing the office. "I thought it was just internet trolls. With no word from Michael, what's the plan?"
Brielle shook her head, the nausea intensifying. She couldn't help but gag and hurried to the office restroom.
From outside, Aubree's face fell as she heard Brielle getting sick. "Bad takeout, or are you pregnant?"
"Pregnant."
The news hit Aubree like a one-two punch, leaving her dazed. But as she snapped back to reality, she rushed forward to offer a steadying arm. "Does Max know? What are you going to do?"
It was clear that this was the worst time for Dorsey International to be rocked by such news. If Michael decided to target Brielle, they'd be sitting ducks.
Brielle shook her head again, feeling
overwhelmed Especially now, as her body reacted to the pregnancy, she felt foggy-headed and irritable, compounded by Max's insistence that they couldn't keep the baby. Even with Max's absence that morning, she hadn't pressed for answers. 
Maybe it was madness, but she desperately wanted this child. Feeling helpless, Brielle reached out and grasped Aubree's hand. "I want this baby, but the doctor and Max already talked-it seems impossible.
I keep thinking, if I fight hard enough, maybe..." 
"Bri, let's get a few more opinions, hear out the doctors fully before making any decisions," Aubree said, not blindly encouraging Brielle but offering a gentle pat on her shoulder. Brielle fell silent.
Aubree was about to offer more words of comfort when the office door swung open. Chase and Keiran walked in, Keiran with a look of panic. "My brother's back in North America. I need to get over there ASAP." Brielle's heart skipped a beat. "What's wrong?"
Keiran pursed his lips. "Auntie's missing. That's all I know for now."
Keiran was unaware of Brielle's
pregnancy; otherwise, Dustin would
have informed her already. Now,
hearing this from Keiran, Brielle felt
anxious and restless. She wanted to fly to North America immediately, but the thought barely formed before another wave of nausea hit her. 
###Chapter 899
Keiran was as thick-skinned as they come, and for a brief moment, he failed to notice the subtle change in Brielle's demeanor.
"I only heard it through the grapevine, relatives on that side mentioned it. My brother went back to tackle the situation. Seems like he's got some trouble in his inner circle."
At the mention of 'inner circle', Brielle couldn't help but think of Kenzo, and that Dummy. She lowered her lashes, one hand gently resting on her belly.
"Keiran, can you even be of any help if you go?"
Keiran shook his head. He was just an actor, a celebrity-what help could he possibly offer?
"Then don't go stirring up trouble. Stick to your day job," she advised.
A flicker of disappointment crossed Keiran's eyes, which didn't escape Chase's notice as he casually tossed his phone on the couch, casting an unexpected glance at Brielle. Brielle, for her part, seemed to regain her composure in an instant. No one could guess what was going through her mind.
After sending the two men on their way, Brielle dialed Max's number. Max was quick to arrive, waiting for her in the underground parking lot. Aubree, still in her office, had intended to escort Brielle to her car but was gently refused.
Brielle got into the car and was greeted by the aroma of soup. Patrick was in the driver's seat, while Max, holding a lunchbox, wrapped an arm around her waist.
"Eat up first, then I'll take you for a few more tests," he urged.
Brielle, however, had grown resistant to the idea of any more tests, and even the soup failed to tempt her.
"I don't want to, Max. This baby, I—"
Her words trailed off as she noticed the chill inside the car. Looking up into Max's eyes, she found them filled with a deep, helpless kind of sorrow. It felt like a stab to her heart.
But Max didn't press the issue. Instead, he brought the soup spoon to her lips.
"No matter what, you need to eat."
Without suspicion, Brielle ate half the bowl of soup. But there was a sleeping agent in the soup, safe for pregnant women to consume. They were heading to a private clinic, one run by a trusted acquaintance of Max. Unaware, Brielle fell asleep and didn't realize she underwent another examination. The middle-aged female doctor provided a candid assessment.
"I wouldn't recommend she keep the child. She's not in robust health, and there's still foreign material inside her uterus. The previous doctor was correct. If she truly wants this child, I'd suggest removing the IUD first." Max felt drained, watching Brielle sleep soundly. He wanted to speak but found himself speechless. He didn't even know when Brielle had gotten the IUD. Rubbing his temples, his headache intensified.
The doctor, knowing the difficulty of
his decision, added, "Mr. Dorsey, you should really talk this through with her. It's not just about wanting the child or not. Delaying the procedure could eventually lead to a tragic outcome." 
The throbbing in Max's head grew severe as he stood by the bedside, taking Brielle's hand in his.
"Isn't there any way to do this without harming her?"
The doctor sighed, lowering her gaze.
"Ms. Brielle is already carrying a heavy burden, and the pregnancy only adds to it. Communicating with her will certainly be challenging, and some women even develop depression during pregnancy. If she's truly opposed to terminating the pregnancy, you could proceed with the surgery first and inform her afterward." 
If Max were to do that, he'd only be pushing Brielle further away. His headache returned with a vengeance.
"Mr. Dorsey, you need to make a decision soon. The longer the child is carried, the greater the risk to Ms. Brielle's health."
After delivering her advice, the
doctor left the room, leaving Max alone with Brielle. Max's phone rang-it was Michael, inquiring if he had made up his mind. Additionally, Brodie had sent a text, warning that
thout
father meant business this time. 
If Max refused to continue as CEO of Dorsey International, Michael's retaliation would be fierce. You know, I've asked every pharmacist in our circle, and no one can replicate that drug. You'd better check on who's backing Dad. Max glanced at the message without emotion and remained silent. Right now, all that mattered was Brielle.
###Chapter 900
Patrick pushed through the door, catching the tail end of Max's question.
"What's William plotting with Antonio?" Max asked, tension rippling through his voice.
"Boss, William's already got himself a lawyer," Patrick said, shrugging off his coat. "He's drafting up all sorts of charges against you. If everything goes smoothly, they'll have you in court real soon."
Max had barely processed the news when his phone buzzed in his pocket. The screen lit up with Michael's name, and Max's frown deepened. He picked up on the second ring.
"Max, you've really decided to cut all ties, huh? I heard Brielle's pregnant. That baby's never gonna make it. I got you hooked on pills once; slipping birth control into her food is child's play. A woman on those drugs long-term? No way the kid comes out healthy. I told you I had leverage, but you're a real letdown."
Max had always wondered how Brielle could have unknowingly taken birth control. The more it mattered, the less he dared to ask.
"Don't beat yourself up, Max. It's not your fault. Brielle's been the Dorsey's pawn for years, engaged to Spencer but never meant to marry him. So she's been on those drugs since then, just in case. Preventive measures, you know? And look, it's come in handy, hasn't it?" Max's gaze darkened, a storm brewing in his eyes.
Michael continued, smug with each word. "Ever since she got with you, you've shielded her well, no chances for me to step in. But the damage is done; her body's wrecked from the drugs. That kid's a no-go. But how will you convince her? She's already been hurt by a lost child before, right?" Triumph oozed from Michael's tone.
"She's not worthy of you. And Alivia? Forget it. I'll find you a proper lady in Beaconsfield. Just stay on track, and everything in Dorsey International is yours."
A cold, silent fury twisted Max's lips, but he chose not to respond, simply ending the call.
On the other end, Michael's face twisted with rage as the line went dead.
At that moment, Antonio entered the room.
With a respectful demeanor that had long earned Michael's trust, Antonio brought news.
"Grandpa, Dad's filed with the court. If we don't stop him, the media will catch wind of his lawsuit against Uncle Max, and then it'll be beyond repair." Antonio's naturally brooding appearance made him seem unapproachable, which was precisely why Michael preferred his company over others.
Even William had been led to believe Antonio was overseas, building his own life, while in truth, he had been in Beaconsfield doing Michael's dirty work. How else could such a man gain Michael's trust, especially at such a critical time? 
William was never Michael's first choice for CEO. If Max were ever truly out of the picture, Antonio would be the one to take over.
Michael sank into a chair, mulling over the implications if William did sue Max. To the public, Max's disassociation from the Dorsey family would be final.
He wished Max to remain at the
helm of Dorsey International, a prodigy in his own right. But with Max's hardened resolve, especially with Brielle's pregnancy, Michael's visage turned icy with malice 
"Find out where Brielle is. Take care of her. She can't be allowed to live."
Excitement flickered in Antonio's eyes as he processed the order.
"And Uncle Max?" he inquired, barely containing his eagerness.
“Hmph. He was never a Dorsey to begin with. If he wants to betray us, I won't let him live," Michael spat out venomously. "For now, support your father fully. He wants to bully Max? Let him sue. Max signed a contract with me; all his shares will revert to me. And if the old man plays his cards right, Max will end up behind bars." 
###Chapter 901
Hearing that Max was about to face jail time, Antonio could barely contain his excitement.
"Grandpa, are you absolutely sure about this?"
Michael picked a black piece from the chessboard, his face a blank canvas.
With a flick, he tossed it into the trash. "He's led the Dorsey family well over the years, only to be undone by a woman. I need him to understand that without the Dorsey family, he's nothing. Maybe even Brielle will leave him. I'll make sure he regrets it." Michael was fuming. His greatest creation was ruined, turned into a worthless pawn. And since Max wouldn't listen to him anymore, Michael was ready to play dirty.
No more of that drug for Max. He wanted to see what kind of mess Max would become without it next month.
Or did Max think he could fix everything within a month?
Impossible. Even if he were a genius, without the Dorsey family, he'd be helpless in Beaconsfield.
With that realization, Michael's mind settled, and he focused back on the game.
"Ashton, when Max falls, I'll transfer the shares to you, but you'll need to sign an agreement with me."
To be blunt, everyone was just a tool to him; he trusted no one.
Once the agreement was signed, Michael could reclaim Dorsey International whenever he wanted, just like he was using Max as a tool now.
Before he died, he was determined to see Dorsey International at its peak.
And after he passed, his will would ensure that all of Max's shares went to his true heirs, reducing Max to a mere servant for the Dorsey family. That was Michael's grand plan.
If it hadn't been for Brielle throwing a wrench in his plans, Michael's will would have surfaced a decade later, transferring all of Dorsey International's shares to the most promising Dorsey family member, as chosen by the law firm he had already appointed. Max's true identity would be revealed then, and he'd lose everything related to the Dorsey family.
So, no matter what, Max's secret was always going to come out. It was just happening sooner than expected.
Antonio, realizing he was just a
pawn when the agreement came up, was glad he'd already decided to work with Mr. Smith. With a little
inside and outside help, he was sure he could take over everything
betonging to the Dorsey family. 
He wouldn't be as foolish as Uncle Max, who had worked for the family for so many years.
Pride lit up Antonio's face, and he couldn't help but think of Alivia.
Back when he pursued Alivia and she mocked him with Max, she could never have imagined that Max had never truly entered the Dorsey family's inner circle. 
Max's bloodline was unclear, and no one would acknowledge him.
Unable to hide his excitement, Antonio said goodbye to the old man and hurried over to Dorsey International. William had been overseeing Dorsey International these past few days, directing his lawyers to sue Max.
In William's mind, Dorsey International was practically his already.
Seeing Antonio arrive, William's face lit up with anticipation.
"So, what did your grandfather say?"
"Grandpa won't interfere with your lawsuit against Uncle Max."
Hearing this, William's excitement was palpable, his face breaking into a grin as he summoned his lawyers.
"I'm not just going to sue Max; I want
the media to broadcast this scandal.
I want Max to lose this lawsuit in
front of everyone and then go straight to jail." 
William was so eager that he immediately had Dorsey International's official channels release the news of the impending lawsuit against Max.
The announcement sent shockwaves through the media, reigniting a firestorm of public opinion.
###Chapter 902
At Dorsey International, the recent shake-up had triggered a wave of resignations, including many key executives who were the backbone of the company.
These execs had been loyal to Max for years, holding him in high regard, and they knew William's tactics all too well. If William had any real talent, he wouldn't have gone so long without making a mark. Now, with him at the helm, anyone not in his camp was bound to get sidelined.
Seeing the writing on the wall, those in the know quickly handed in their resignations and started job hunting. The initial trickle of resignations soon turned into a flood. At first, William was pleased to see Max's loyalists leave-they'd never fully back him anyway. But as the numbers swelled into the dozens, he felt things spiraling out of control.
With so many key roles suddenly vacant, Dorsey International plunged into chaos. Desperate for stability, William reluctantly called Patrick, hoping to persuade him to stay.
Patrick was at the Premier Palace, sitting with Max and discussing Brielle's condition with her doctor, when his phone buzzed. Max seemed uninterested in anything outside Brielle's pregnancy issue.
Patrick raised an eyebrow at the caller ID. "Mr. Ryan."
"Patrick, why don't you come over to Dorsey International? I'll offer you ten times your current salary. You've been with the company for years; you must be attached to it. Max is about to be jailed, and sticking with him will only drag you down."
Patrick chuckled at William's pitch. Without a second thought, he blocked the number and relayed the conversation to Max.
Max, sipping his coffee, showed no reaction and turned back to the doctor. "We've talked, and Brielle won't agree. Is there no other way?"
The middle-aged doctor, who had examined Brielle, looked troubled. "Max, I know you're worried about Ms. Brielle, but other than doing the surgery while she's unconscious, I'm at a loss. Maybe I could contact some international colleagues skilled in hypnosis, but it's risky. Simple hypnosis won't work on someone who's been through as much as Ms. Brielle; it would require deep hypnosis. Even my friend wouldn't dare attempt that lightly-it could trigger other traumatic memories."
The doctor's brow furrowed deeply. "Unless, Max, you're absolutely certain Ms. Brielle's past holds no breaking memories."
Max fell silent, knowing he couldn't be sure. Brielle had once forgotten the orphanage fire, only remembering when she returned and saw the bodies. Her brain had initiated a self-defense mechanism to block out the traumatic event. With her past shrouded by those who had been manipulating her, Max was hesitant to confirm anything to the doctor.
Understanding his concerns, and with the situation outside escalating, the doctor sighed. Max's single-minded concern for Brielle's well-being was evident, even as he sought a way to end the pregnancy without harming her. "Max, maybe you should focus on sorting out the Dorsey family mess first."
Max rubbed his temples, feeling a sharp pain in his head. "Patrick."
Patrick, who had been standing nearby, quickly approached. "Please escort the doctor out."
After Patrick had seen the doctor out and returned, he heard Max's next instruction: "Start preparing to take over Dorsey International, and give Wall Street a heads up."
In Beaconsfield, whispers circulated
about the true extent of Max's
'é
empire. No one knew exactly how many assets he held; his Wall Street wealth was a mystery. Perhaps losing Dorsey International was just a minor setback to him. 
Patrick had often noticed Max's detachment from Dorsey
International, treating it more like a mission than a passion. Now, Max was ready to leverage his Wall Street connections to acquire Dorsey International, likely to quell the online uproar. 
But above all, it was a move to get back at Michael.
###Chapter 903
Michael had been slipping Brielle birth control pills for years without her knowing.
Because of Michael's underhanded tactics, Brielle was now at risk of losing their child.
When Max got Michael's confession over the phone, he had been holding back his anger. But after speaking with the doctor, who confirmed that the pregnancy was in jeopardy, his fury erupted like a volcano. Max never wanted to fight over the Dorsey family's assets. After all, he wasn't truly one of them. But Michael had gone too far in his treatment of Brielle.
The mere thought of it made Max's chest tighten with pain.
If only he had known sooner. If only he had done a thorough medical check-up on Brielle, maybe she wouldn't be in this situation.
Rubbing his temples, a pained expression crossed his face.
Patrick came in with a fresh cup of coffee and tried to offer some comfort. "Boss, Ms. Brielle likely started on birth control after she graduated from Beaconsfield College, about three years ago. Her body will recover."
Max had already pieced together the timeline. After Brielle joined Dorsey International and started closing deals for the company, someone had the opportunity to slip her the medication regularly. Her meals at Dorsey International were always catered, making it easy for Michael to interfere.
Growing up in an orphanage had already weakened Brielle's health, and the years of medication hadn't helped.
"Patrick, reach out to our contacts on Wall Street. Acquiring Dorsey International should take less than a month. And keep a discreet eye on Stellar Stage Entertainment too."
Dorsey International was pushing hard into the entertainment sector, likely to cut off Stellar Stage Entertainment. Brielle's health was fragile, and Max didn't want her to worry about the company any longer.
But if he made his moves too obvious, Brielle might grow suspicious, or worse, resentful.
She was pregnant now, and Max couldn't risk any complications.
Patrick nodded. He was well aware of Max's operations on Wall Street, having managed them over the years.
"Boss, Dorsey International is a mess internally. Most of the executives have resigned, and the board isn't confident in William's leadership. We could wrap up the acquisition in two weeks, but Michael will probably make a move against Ms. Brielle soon." Max reached for a cigarette, longing for the smoke, but then thought better of it and put it down.
"Speed up the acquisition. All he's banking on is Dorsey International."
To truly hurt a man, you target what he holds dear. For Michael, it was Dorsey International. Once it was out of his hands, he'd likely crumble.
Patrick was about to leave and get started when he saw a man in a wheelchair at the door.
The man, dressed in a crisp white lab coat, smiled calmly at the sight of Patrick. "I'm here to see Max."
Patrick had never met Brodie. He had disappeared before Patrick entered the Dorsey family's circle. Nonetheless, he immediately guessed Brodie's identity and
stepped aside to let him in
As the living room door closed behind them, Brodie sighed upon seeing Max slouched on the sofa.
"Where's Brielle?"
Brodie had only ever heard about Brielle through Max or caught glimpses of her in the news. Curiosity got the better of him.
Max's gaze lingered on his steaming coffee, his voice cool. "You didn't come just to see her, did you?"
Brodie chuckled and wheeled closer. "Of course not. Dad sent me to probe you, to see how you plan to tackle the current predicament."
Max leaned back, his expression chilly to the bone. "Sorry, Brodie, but I'm not about to tell you. You'll find out soon enough on the news."
Brodie shrugged nonchalantly.
"Truth be told, I'm not that
е
interested. I'm more concerned about next month when you run out of your medication. Without dad's approval, you'll lose your composure and suffer immensely. Just when I was one step away..." 
"It's my fault."
He couldn't ignore the message about Brielle.
Brodie remained silent, simply maneuvering his wheelchair around the room.
"It's been years since I've been here. This place feels livelier. There are lanterns in the yard, couplets by the door. Brielle's doing?"
Max would never have allowed such gauche embellishments at Premier Palace before, a place that resembled an exquisite ice cellar. Mentioning Brielle softened the frost on Max's face. "Yes."
Brodie wheeled around, pausing to
gaze at the crystal chandelier with a hint of nostalgia. "Max, you've always been this way. A man of few words but decisive action. You care about her more than I 
thought."
"Brodie, I too find it odd. So many women have tried such
schemes, yet only she succeeded."
From the moment he laid eyes on her, it felt like fate. As if all his actions were in preparation for her arrival.
So he let her come to him on her own terms.
###Chapter 904
Brodie rested his hands on the arms of his wheelchair.
"I heard she's not going to be able to keep the baby."
"Yeah, someone fed her birth control pills for three years without her knowing."
Brodie didn't need to be told; he knew this had Michael's fingerprints all over it. His father was a master of dirty tricks. Otherwise, Max wouldn't have ended up addicted to drugs.
"If you want Dorsey International, Brodie, I can make it yours."
Brodie glanced down at his legs, a bitter smile tugging at his lips.
"You don't really think what happened to my legs is your fault, do you?"
Max's eyes were calm as he briefly met Brodie's gaze before looking away.
"If he hadn't been trying to force my hand, your legs would still be fine."
There was a cause-and-effect here, and it was true that Brodie, once the golden boy, had been dragged down by him. If anyone was to blame, it was Michael for being so ruthless. Michael valued financial wizards, and Brodie, who was all about pharmaceutical research, even with his early success, was just a nice addition to the Dorsey family, not the leader who would take them to new heights. So, Brodie was quickly discarded.
Brodie fell silent, his eyes drifting to the table. After a moment, he cracked a smile.
"Max, you're stronger than me."
When Brodie's accident left him in a wheelchair, he spiraled into despair, and that drove his girlfriend away. She had promised to stand by him as they climbed out of that low point together. But he couldn't handle the blow and kept lashing out at her, pushing her away. Brodie had resented Max, just as he said, there was indeed a causal link. But in truth, it was Michael who was to blame, yet Brodie couldn't muster any hatred. It wasn't that he was saintly, but after hiding away for so many years, his initial rage had faded. Even if Michael were to shoot him again now, all Brodie would feel was a sense of powerlessness. Unless he could turn back time and change everything, hatred had no purpose.
Max was stronger; he knew how to protect those who needed it.
"Max, I advise you not to burn bridges with our father. It's pointless now. Do whatever you want; I really don't care anymore."
Even though Michael still had leverage over Max, Brodie was certain Max would prevail. Max was always unflappable, no matter the situation. If it weren't for his father's cruelty toward Brielle, Max probably wouldn't have taken on the Dorsey family. Brodie sighed, finally revealing the real reason for his visit.
"At least, let the others in the Dorsey family live."
If Max were to strike in a rage for his beloved, most of the Dorsey family wouldn't survive. But as soon as Brodie said those words, he felt a deep sense of guilt toward Max. anyone in the Dorsey family had heart, it was Max. Or rather, he was the one least inclined to delve into the fate of the other Dorseys. Even without his urging, Max would not cause too much bloodshed within the Dorsey family. But saying it out loud seemed like he didn't trust Max enough. 
"Brodie, if it weren't for you and mother, I would've left the Dorsey family a long time ago."
He stayed and ran the Dorsey family business for Brodie's sake. Years ago, when Brodie was missing, Max worried endlessly that he had died out there. Once they reconnected, Max found a new reason to stay to help Brodie develop an alternative to that drug. For a brief time, both had been a part of his life. Martha's intentions were not entirely pure, but she had been there for Max during his childhood. Among the Dorseys, the cruelest to Max had been Michael, who outwardly seemed to support him the most. 
But Max was truly indifferent to it all. In others' eyes, Michael might deserve death a thousand times over, but if not for Brielle, Max would have never harbored any feelings toward Michael. That's why Michael was reluctant to let Max go. Lacking the emotions of an average person, expressions of love or hate rarely surfaced in Max, making him the perfect tool. This was also why Max seldom wiped out the Dorseys. Since becoming CEO, even the ever-troublesome Ryan and William had survived. 
"Max, I'm sorry, I take back what I said."
Brodie maneuvered his wheelchair toward the door.
"I'll be watching the fate of the Dorsey family on the news."
###Chapter 905
The door clicked shut behind Max, but his mind wasn't on the Dorsey family-he was thinking about Brielle.
Brielle was on her way back to the Premier Palace, with Addison behind the wheel. A quick glance in the rearview mirror told Addison they had a tail. "Ms. Brielle, hold on tight," Addison said, her voice calm and steady despite the danger.
Addison, trained to perfection, floored the gas pedal and expertly maneuvered the car, shaking off their pursuers with ease.
In the back seat, Brielle's attention remained fixed on her phone, her expression unreadable. Keiran's message had thrown her into turmoil.
Sarah was missing, and it was somehow connected to Dummy, which meant it was tied to Kenzo. Where was she now?
Brielle dialed Kenzo's number, a hunch telling her he would pick up. As expected, his gentle voice came through the line, "Brielle."
But Brielle didn't respond immediately; her mind was a whirlwind of emotions. After a few seconds, she finally spoke, her voice barely above a whisper, "Kenzo, are you in Beaconsfield?" Dressed in a crisp white suit, Kenzo sat in front of a computer, his lips pressed into a thin line.
"You should know I'm not," he replied, his voice as cool as ever.
Tapping away at his keyboard, Kenzo waited for her response. "Calling about the Lynch family business?"
Before Brielle could answer, a commotion outside caught Kenzo's attention, and he let out a soft chuckle. "Seems I'm not the only one curious."
He quickly wiped the computer clean and tossed it out the window, making his escape through a hidden passageway.
By the time Dustin's men stormed
the building, Kenzo was already gone. They busted in, Dustin trailing behind his bodyguards, all dressed in black like a funeral procession. 
en FindNovel
But the room was empty. The house was surrounded, leaving no apparent escape. But Dustin knew better. "Search for a secret passage," he ordered.
As the bodyguards began their hunt, a ticking sound reached Dustin's ears. His eyes darted to a red switch on the wall, and he cursed before darting toward the window. "Retreat!" he shouted.
He was the first to leap out, hitting the ground just as the second story erupted into flames. Dustin landed with a rot, his face a mask of fury as he looked back at the inferno that
had once been the upper floor. 
Beneath the ground, Kenzo continued his phone call with Brielle, seemingly unfazed. "You want news about her?"
Brielle, hearing the explosion, felt a tightness in her chest. "Yes."
Kenzo paused, his common sense warring with his reluctance to end the call. "She's fine," he said, his steps slowing. "But how she fares later isn't up to me."
"Kenzo, can you tell me what you all really want?" Brielle asked, her intuition screaming that the Lynch family wasn't their only target.
Kenzo stopped walking. Brielle
waited for his answer, hearing only
his breathing. Just when she
thought he wouldn't respond, he said, "I've recently uncovered some things. Once I'm certain, I'll tell you." 
The line went dead.
QUMS
Brielle stared at her phone's dark screen, then shot a message to Dustin. Any luck?
She had synced her phone's signals to Dustin, allowing him to listen in and track Kenzo's location. But Kenzo had hung up too quickly, probably realizing this. He's gone.
###Chapter 906
Dustin wanted to ask Brielle how she was feeling and what her plans were for the baby, but he sensed that she wasn't in the mood to talk about it.
Staring into the flickering flames in front of him, Dustin took a long moment before lifting his hand to rub his brow. Then, he gave instructions to the bodyguards around him. "Keep searching. Check every place he's ever been. And swap out the guys I sent to Beaconsfield." The people he'd sent to Beaconsfield had all been vetted by Dummy, which meant they were likely compromised. As much as he hated to admit it, Dustin had truly trusted him and never suspected the man could betray him or have a double life.
Returning to his villa, Dustin found Raymond already there, quietly sipping tea. "Dad," he called out, noticing Raymond only slightly lifting his head in acknowledgment.
"You're barely over your illness and you're already stirring up trouble. Haven't you thought that you might end up in a bind?" Dustin took a seat, his expression somewhat grim.
"I had you look into Wall Street, Max's assets. What's the scoop?"
"Why are you digging into him?" The Lynch family's interests were overseas, and the Dorsey family's were domestic; the two clans had no business dealings. But since it was his son's request, Raymond hadn't refused.
"It's all sorted. Remember when Dorsey International made that deal with Alpha? Alpha, the world's largest retail enterprise, shifted its focus to the cutting-edge technology of automated stores after teaming up with Dorsey International."
"On the surface, it looked like a collaboration between Alpha and Dorsey International, but they were only after Dorsey International's tech. The bigger player in the partnership was Dream Tech Designs. You're familiar with them, right? During Max's time on Wall Street, they acquired a struggling toy factory and rapidly rose to prominence. Later, they dominated the globe with their electric vehicle innovations in just two years. Then they moved onto artificial intelligence, aligning perfectly with Dorsey International's tech. Post-collaboration with Alpha, the real heavy hitter was DreamTech Designs. The CEO of this company is quite the enigma, never seen in any public interviews, and the listed legal representative is heavily concealed-it's Max."
Dustin, having been around North
America, was no stranger to Dream Tech Designs. He had thought that Max's Wall Street assets were at best a publicly traded company, not the vanguard of Al and
electric vehicle techno
one knew how much DreamTech Designs was raking in each year, as the behind-the-scenes CEO was incredibly discreet, and much of the information remained private. If Max was CEO of DreamTech Designs, then he truly wouldn't care about a position with Dorsey International. 
"Dad, did you find out anything else?" After taking a sip of tea, Raymond spoke calmly, "Why do you care? Even if he's the CEO of DreamTech Designs, it doesn't clash with our interests."
"It's just... he's a bit of an enigma." After voicing this, Dustin looked away. "Back when he was on Wall Street, he didn't rely on the Dorsey family name at all. Given the revelations that he's not a blood Dorsey, I'm wondering about his real identity." Considering even Brielle was in the dark, Dustin speculated whether Max's true identity could impact her. If that were the case, Dustin would never allow the two of them to be together. "Dad, in fact, I found "
Before he could finish, Raymond's phone rang. Glancing at the caller, Raymond's brow furrowed slightly before he answered. Dustin couldn't hear the conversation but noticed Raymond's expression turn grave. After hanging up, Raymond placed his phone on the coffee table. 
"DreamTech Designs suddenly announced they're acquiring several companies in the Beaconsfield area, bypassing the ones related to Infinity Brilliance. They're moving fast but deliberately avoiding our interests. Have you and Max reached a private agreement?"
Recalling that Max had gotten Brielle
pregnant made Dustin seethe. His sister, whom he adored and felt a kinship with even before knowing
their relation, seemed even more et
perfect to him now. No one, believed, was worthy of
her especially not a man who had left her with child and concealed other identities. A man of deep schemes and machinations. 
"Yeah, right. What kind of deal could I have with him? Max is no good, toying with people's hearts."
Raymond was about to take a sip of tea when he heard this. His brows knit together slightly, and Brielle's face came to mind. Hadn't he seen the two shopping for rings not long ago? And now Max was accused of playing with a girl's emotions? He sighed, "I never would have pegged Mr. Dorsey as that type."
###Chapter 907
Raymond, even in his middle years, still carried himself with an air of refined grace. At this moment, he sat with perfect posture, gently swirling the drink in his glass, the ice cubes tinkling softly against the crystal. "Don't you go taking after him," he advised with a stern look.
Over the years, Raymond had only Dustin, his son, to focus on. His daughter, who had vanished without a trace, was a lost cause in his mind. All he wanted now was for his son to make something of himself. Yet, within the North American elite, it was no secret that Dustin was a playboy, a regular Casanova.
Still, in Raymond's eyes, his son was leagues better than that Max fellow.
For some reason, when Raymond had stumbled upon Max shopping for a ring with that young lady, he couldn't help but take an instant disliking to him. Little did he know, it was the classic case of a father-in-law's scrutiny, where no suitor could ever measure up. At this moment, father and son shared a common adversary.
Dustin, filled with righteous indignation, finally unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt as if it would make breathing easier.
"Dad, did Mom tell you something?" he asked, perplexed.
Otherwise, Raymond wouldn't be so composed after her disappearance.
The couple had always had a strong relationship. When their daughter went missing, Sarah had been devastated, and Raymond had been her rock. Throughout the years, Sarah had been preoccupied with finding their daughter, somewhat neglecting their son. But Dustin cared deeply for his suffering sister and never complained. The family had always been harmonious. Logically, Raymond should have been frantic after Sarah's disappearance, scouring the earth for her. Instead, he came to Dustin's place, chastising him for reckless behavior.
"Your mother did come across something," Raymond finally admitted, though he didn't elaborate.
He was providing Dustin with a warning.
"There are definitely people in the Lynch family estate working with Dummy's crowd. Be careful with what you say and do when you return. It won't be long before we flush them out."
The Lynch family estate was run by loyal staff who had been with them for years, and the butler had been particularly devoted to Raymond's care.
Both Raymond and Dustin held the butler in high esteem.
But since Dummy's incident, Raymond was no fool. He knew someone had been plotting for a while, and besides the Lynch's blood relatives, no one was above suspicion. "Dad, if Mom's alright, then my biggest concern is for my sister."
Raymond's hand went to his forehead at the mention of his daughter, and a flicker of pain crossed his refined features.
"Before your mother disappeared,
she told me her obsession with
finding your sister was her burden,,
that she was the cause of your hardships. She's given up the search hoping for your health and happiness. Your mom feels guilty for neglecting your feelings these past years because of your sister."
"Dad, what are you talking about? I'm a man; it's my duty," Dustin said firmly, though his tone dropped with the weight of the admission.
"I've found her. She's not in great shape, and there might be other puppet masters connected to the Lynch family, which is why I haven't brought her over yet. But I'm certain it's her The previous paternity tests were sabotaged. She's had people planted around her for a while, and I still don't know who they are, including the ones behind Dummy." 
Raymond's mind buzzed, and for some reason, Brielle's face flashed before his eyes.
Then, hearing that Max was a heartbreaker, Raymond, a father fiercely protective of his daughter, could barely contain his rage. He was ready to tear Max to pieces himself if necessary.
"Dad, until we uncover the
mastermind behind the scenes, we
can't let them suspect that we're
onto Brielle's identity. Everyone. around us could be involved. Until it's resolved, you can't go to Beaconsfield." 
Raymond had long since stepped back from the affairs of the Lynch family, entrusting the CEO position to Dustin, who had excelled in the role.
His voice turned icy, "Did Max make your sister suffer?"
Murderous intent flashed in his eyes.
Dustin, already dissatisfied with Max and remembering the gossip rags in Beaconsfield always maligning Brielle's origins, felt his anger flare.
"It's an outrage, Dad. If she ever brings him home, don't you dare show him an ounce of kindness."
With the reassurance that his mother was unharmed, Dustin's protective brotherly instincts kicked in full force. Meanwhile, miles away in Beaconsfield, Max shivered, feeling an inexplicable chill at the back of his neck.
###Chapter 908
Dustin finished talking, his thoughts drifting to that diamond-encrusted plane he'd imagined as a gift for his sister. But before he could bring Brielle back, he needed to find out who was pulling the strings behind the scenes. Protecting her, though? That, he could handle, and it seemed Raymond felt the same way.
more.
Raymond didn't waste any time. He made a quick call to a friend in Beaconsfield-the same friend Dustin had contacted after Brielle's time in jail. With Raymond's instructions, the Beaconsfield elite were now on high alert, keeping tabs on anyone named Brielle. Even after setting everything up, Raymond couldn't shake his anxiety. He regretted not giving Brielle the ring sooner. It had only been a small gesture, but still. Remembering it was Max's money that had bought it only made him angrier. He should've charged ten times
"Kid, wait for your mom's news. In the meantime, check out Infinity Brilliance's warehouse. We've got a stash of pretty gems there, right? Send a few to your sister. And since we've got that department store in Beaconsfield, set her up with a shopping card. She can shop without worrying about the bill. And get those villas delivered ASAP. Don't let a girl think her worth is tied to some cheap ring. It might just make her run away."
Raymond was pretty fed up with Max. He wanted to expose the mastermind behind everything and meet Brielle. Even if a meeting wasn't possible, he wanted her to know the Lynch family was loaded, dominating the global diamond trade.
Dustin nodded. He had already alerted the department stores in Beaconsfield as soon as Raymond mentioned keeping an eye on Brielle. After all she'd been through, he was ready to give her anything she wanted.
Unaware of these plans, Brielle was still worried about Sarah's safety. That changed when she got a text from Dustin:
Don't worry about Lynch family stuff. Focus on sorting things out with Max.
Brielle read the message but still felt uneasy. Then, like clockwork, Dustin started bombarding her with texts every ten minutes.
Here are a few mansions for you. Lawyers will contact you tomorrow for signatures.
Here's a black card for the department store, which will be delivered to you shortly.
This is the number of an Italian designer. He'll fly to Beaconsfield in about three days. I've asked him to tailor a seasonal wardrobe for you.
After a string of ten messages, the last one had a touch of cautious tenderness.
Let me know if you need anything else, okay?
Brielle scrolled back through the messages, feeling his careful approach. They had just acknowledged each other as siblings and hadn't even met yet. He didn't know how she felt about the Lynch family, especially since their first meeting hadn't gone well. A girl who'd been out in the cold for years probably hadn't felt much warmth from a family.
He feared overwhelming her might scare her off. But he also worried that not showing enough warmth might make her think the Lynch family wasn't worth her time.
Holding her phone, Brielle typed a simple response:
Thanks, bro.
Seeing that word, Dustin jumped off the sofa, his heart pounding. He wanted to reply with a smile.
No worries, it's what I should do.
He deleted that - too formal.
It's what brothers are for.
Deleted again - sounded forced.
After much thought, all Dustin could muster was:
Tell your brother what you like, and I'll buy it for you.
A good man knows how to spend on a woman, whether she's a sister or a girlfriend.
Satisfied with the message, Dustin. sent it. I when he faced his
bodyguards, his expression tul
serious again. 
"Keep digging. I want a detailed account of everyone's movements in the villa for the past six months. Draw me a map of their frequent locations." 
"Yes, sir."
The men quickly dispersed to follow orders. After they left, the lead bodyguard, puzzled, looked at his boss. 
swno
"Has the young master always been this quick to change moods?"
"No idea, first time seeing him like this."
###Chapter 909
Brielle finally relaxed after Dustin's comforting words, putting her worries about Sarah to rest.
Lying in bed, she couldn't seem to find sleep, tossing and turning restlessly. Frustrated, she got up, threw on a sweater, and wandered over to the study. Max was still on a remote call, but Brielle had no clue which company he was talking to this time. Noticing her approach, Max quickly closed his laptop. "Brielle, about the baby..."
It was the third time today he had tried to bring up the subject, but each time, Brielle had skillfully changed the topic.
Brielle had heard the doctor's concerns about her health. She was still in the dark about the birth control pills, so she held onto the belief that she could safely deliver the baby, thinking Max's worries were solely about the risk to both her and the child.
For many women with frail health, childbirth was akin to a brush with death. Brielle, less than two months pregnant, was already experiencing severe symptoms, rapidly losing weight. If this continued, she feared she would only grow weaker.
She moved closer to Max, leaning in to grasp his hand.
"Max, I'll eat well, get plenty of rest. You have to believe me, my health isn't the problem."
Her palm rested on the back of his hand, her eyes filled with hope. She was finally ready to face the topic of the baby head-on, yet she stubbornly believed she could carry it to term.
Max couldn't bring himself to tell her about the birth control pills-it would only distress and anger her. Right now, he needed to keep her emotions steady. The doctor had warned about Brielle's tendency to brood. Considering all she had been through, compounded by recent events, it was no wonder she was anxious.
Max quickly pulled her close, gently patting her back, but his heart ached. Despite countless check-ups, the prognosis remained the same-the baby couldn't be kept.
He cared too deeply for Brielle. Even if the child had a chance of surviving, he wouldn't risk her life on such slim odds.
"Brielle, listen to the doctor."
"Since when are doctors always right? You know about those previous paternity tests I had..."
Brielle had hit a mental dead end, convinced that the hospital was unreliable, that everyone was out to harm he baby. Growing up in an orphanage, Brielle yearned for complete family, making her somewhat obsessed with keeping the baby. 
Max couldn't feel anger towards her, only overwhelming sorrow. He rested his chin on her shoulder, his eyelashes casting a veil over his grief.
"There will be other chances for us. If you want a family, we can get married right away."
"Max, I'll agree to anything but this baby matter."
Brielle looked down, tenderly caressing her belly. She couldn't feel any movement inside yet, just the occasional wave of nausea. But this sense of blood connection brought her peace. She softened her tone, nestling into his embrace. 
"I won't let anything happen to me."
Max stroked her back in silence, unable to voice the three-year secret of the birth control, unwilling to add to her emotional burden. The child was fated to be a wedge between them. He couldn't blame Brielle, If a woman's pregnancy could be deemed a mistake, then such blame should be shared by the man. Due to innate physical differences, women bear greater harm, and his
negligence had led to this
predicament. 
"Tired? Let's sleep."
Cradled in his arms, Brielle mistook his words for agreement, a soft warmth lighting her eyes. With his comfort, she fell asleep without the usual restless tossing and turning. But in a drowsy haze, she heard Max making a call in a heavy tone. She couldn't tell if it was a dream or reality, too exhausted to delve deeper, and she surrendered to sleep.
###Chapter 910
Max hung up the phone with a heavy sigh, his gaze lingering on Brielle, who was peacefully asleep on the bed.
Lately, his phone had been ringing non-stop. On one hand, he was dealing with the intricacies of the Dorsey International takeover bid, and on the other, the internal issues at Infinity Brilliance.
Taking over a giant like Dorsey International was no small feat, even for a powerhouse like Dream Tech Designs, and it demanded a lot of Max's attention.
As for Infinity Brilliance...
Max's eyes lowered, a familiar itch in his throat urging him to reach for a cigarette. With each day inching closer to next month, his restlessness grew. The medication he'd been relying on had run out, and he wasn't sure if he could make it through without it. The Dorsey International deal was looming, and Michael was going to pay for what he'd done. The harm to Brielle had to be repaid.
Rubbing his temples, Max was about to try and get some rest when the phone rang again. This time, it was his doctor.
"Max, you've made up your mind, haven't you?"
Glancing out into the night's darkness, a flicker of pain crossed Max's eyes. "Yeah."
"I'll reach out to that contact, then."
Healthcare abroad was a whole different ballgame, dominated by capital. The truly wealthy had their own private physicians, creating an elite medical service strengthened by resources. These doctors, drawing high salaries, rarely made public appearances, available only through the right connections.
The private physician on the line with Max was well-regarded, frequently publishing in medical journals. She knew a top-notch hypnotist, a specialist so in demand that even the major family dynasties struggled to book an appointment. But she had a relationship with the hypnotist from previous conferences, and she was confident that they'd oblige for her sake-to treat Ms. Brielle.
Max's Wall Street empire was formidable, but his company's investment in medical ventures was minimal, with a focus on artificial intelligence research.
"Please, reach out to him. I've made my decision."
"Max, it's the best course of action right now, the only way to ensure Ms. Brielle isn't further harmed."
Max remained silent, the pain in his eyes deepening. After ending the call, the doctor immediately contacted her friend, the male physician, who readily agreed to help. "What's her name?"
"Brielle. I'll send over her file right away."
At the mention of the name, the male doctor's brow furrowed, assuming it was a coincidence. But upon viewing the details on his screen, his pupils dilated, and he hastily dialed back. "I'm sorry, we're friends, and I'd like to help you, but I can't take this case."
The female doctor was taken aback, pressing for an explanation. "I didn't even describe her situation. Why can't you see her? Do you know her?"
The hypnotist's voice was tense, barely above a whisper. "If you don't want trouble, stay clear of this one."
They had a cordial academic
rapport, meeting occasionally at research symposiums. Though their fields differed, they'd become
friends, His appointments were ne
coveted, and he often dismissed the elite, but he had never turned down her requests before. 
With a sigh, he added gently, "I'm warning you because we're friends. I'm sorry, but I can't treat her." After the call ended, the female doctor felt lost in a fog of confusion. Still, she relayed the news to Max. "I'm sorry, Max, my friend refused the consultation."
"Reason?"
Max's voice was steady, icy. "He didn't say."
"Alright. I won't press."
"I'm really sorry, Max. He's the best in the field, internationally recognized. I don't know who else to turn to." "It's not your fault. I'll find someone."
Max hung up and immediately made an international call, swiftly handling the situation. The female doctor was right; the man was the best-known hypnotist, capable of providing the
care Brielle needed. 
toFindNovel
But if he was unwilling, there was no sense in forcing the issue. Max had his own extensive network abroad and could find a replacement, even if their accolades were fewer.
What truly bothered Max was the
refusal itself. The female doctor had
Pet
been so confident, almost certain the hypnotist would comply with her request. To be denied was
unexpected for both of them ve
Max's instincts were sharp. If the doctor's relationship with the hypnotist wasn't the issue, then the problem must be with the patient-Brielle.
The hypnotist knew Brielle.
###Chapter 911
After hanging up the phone, Max slipped back under the covers. Brielle, as if sensing his return, turned towards him and nestled perfectly into his embrace. Max held her tight, gazing down at her with profound intensity. Brielle, vulnerable in her sleep, still instinctively
protected her belly, as if fearing the precious new life within could vanish at any moment. Max sighed and gently patted her waist.
When Brielle woke, she made a beeline for Stellar Stage Entertainment. Donny had called early in the day; Dorsey International was making big moves. They had already held a press conference that morning, boldly announcing two upcoming talent shows over the next six months-one for male stars and another for female leads. Dorsey International's ambition to penetrate the entertainment industry was clear.
Stellar Stage Entertainment, finally gaining momentum, faced a setback as scriptwriters, tempted by Dorsey's lucrative offers, abandoned their commitments and flocked to Dorsey International. Multiple scripts, planned by Stellar Stage for production, were now in jeopardy, throwing Stellar Stage's annual plan into disarray. Brielle was furious-Stellar Stage had only just stabilized, and now Dorsey's executives were stooping to sabotage her company. A hint of sarcasm flickered in her eyes.
Donny was clearly not as composed. Stellar Stage's first movie was premiering in two days, and the media, now on Dorsey's payroll, were bad-mouthing the film at this critical juncture. If the public bought into this negative press and skipped the box office, Stellar Stage's debut could be a flop. What gnawed at him most was the trending searches online-none of them favorable, clearly manipulated.
"Mr. Haywood, should we also sway the media, get them to churn out some positive reviews? The net's full of doom and gloom about our box office."
Brielle was also scanning the online commentary. "No need."
Waging a media war with Dorsey International was futile. Rushing out statements and bribing journalists-if those same media outlets betrayed Stellar Stage, the company's position would only worsen. "Let's keep our cool, Donny. Let the first audience come out of the cinema. If our film's quality speaks for itself, the word of mouth will improve, attendance will rise, and so will our box office."
As she finished, the office door swung open and several strangers walked in, placing gifts on Brielle's desk with deference. "Ms. Brielle, these cards are from the gentleman for you."
Five cards in total-black and gold.
Each black card from different
banks, with no spending limit, and the gold cards granted VIP membership at luxury stores, with all counters free of charge. In Beaconsfield, only a select few wielded such cards. Even Donny had only seen them by chance Stellar Stage's biggest predicament was its finances. Yet now, with four black cards delivered, was the company still in dire straits? 
The next group brought property deeds-three of Beaconsfield's most luxurious mansions, a shopping center, and an amusement park. "Ms. Brielle, please sign here." Brielle knew these gifts were from the Lynch family. Refusing them would probably result in Dustin giving her an earful. So, she signed her name with a poised hand.
The final visitors were fashion
designers, the crème de la crème from Italy, their lifetime salaries already paid by someone to dress Brielle exclusively. Brielle was never particular about her wardrobe, but Stellar Stage's artists lacked the attention of industry designers. With a generous gesture, she assigned the designers to create outfits for all her artists. 
Donny stood by, dizzy with elation, his cheeks flushed and his legs almost giving out. Which company gets world-class designers for their debut artists? Top stars in the industry might get that privilege, but at Stellar Stage Entertainment, newcomers were treated to this luxury from day one!
Donny was practically buzzing with excitement. Whenever he stumbled upon the online trolls trashing Stellar Stage Entertainment for being broke and shabby, he had to bite his tongue to keep from spilling
beans about the designerete
He wanted to shout it from the rooftops, let everyone open their eyes wide and see the truth - sure, Stellar Stage Entertainment might not be flush with cash, but its CEO? Now that was a different story. The boss was loaded! 
###Chapter 912
Donny couldn't help but let a grin spread across his face, admiration written all over his features as he gazed at Brielle.
Brielle was wealthy, but her money was all tied up in international investments. Even companies worth billions struggled to liquidate large sums quickly, which meant Stellar Stage Entertainment was no match for Dorsey International. Dorsey International was the kind of company that could churn out billions in cash flow without breaking a sweat. They could fund reality TV shows on the fly, while Stellar Stage Entertainment couldn't. They could offer scriptwriters hefty paychecks that Stellar Stage Entertainment just couldn't match. Dorsey International could sink millions into a movie's budget without blinking, something Stellar Stage Entertainment could only dream of.
But now...
Brielle's eyes lingered on the stack of black credit cards laid out on her desk, a generous gift from her family. She wasn't too proud to accept them after all, Stellar Stage Entertainment needed the cash injection. She made up her mind right then and there-to fund two new cafeterias for the company.
To Brielle's relief, not a single artist, even those tempted by Dorsey International's offers, left the company. It reassured her that her sacrifices for Stellar Stage Entertainment were worth it. Meanwhile, over at Dorsey International, William sat in his executive chair, unable to suppress the smug look on his face.
"The word's out about the talent show, and we've poached the best scriptwriters. Whether it's Max or anyone close to him, they're all about to pay the price," William said, chuckling to himself.
"Our lawyers are ready, and Dorsey International has released the statement. Once we get the court documents, we'll make them public. Let everyone see that Max, the once golden boy, is no longer the CEO of Dorsey International. His downfall is imminent."
Antonio, lounging on the couch
nearby, couldn't help but feel
disgusted by William's glee, though
a smirk crept onto his own face. The social circles in Beaconsfield were all about stepping on those who'd fallen. Once the court documents went public, everyone would see that Dorsey International meant business, and Max would be left in an incredibly awkward spot. 
From a revered figure to a fallen one, surely those who harbored secret grudges against Max couldn't wait to tear him down further?
William, stroking his chin, pictured Brielle's face again.
"Ashton, once Max is behind bars and Stellar Stage Entertainment crumbles, bring Brielle to me. I want to know what it's like to have the affection of someone Max cared about."
To humiliate Max, stripping him of his CEO title wasn't enough. William wanted to degrade Max's beloved right before his eyes-that was the real agony.
How much did William despise Max?
He wished the harshest
punishments in the world upon him. Wasn't Max always so noble and aloof? Well, let's see how long he could maintain that facade when Brielle was toyed with under his nose. 
The more William thought about it, the more his excitement grew, his fist clenching on the desk.
Antonio remained silent. This was the Dorsey family-ruthless to the core. No one batted an eye at betrayal, not even their own spouses. Ryan, Victoria, Michael-each one twisted in their own right. Like father, like son.
Antonio despised Max, and he
wasn't too fond of William
either-this father who always tried
to control his life. But in this
moment, Antonio wholeheartednet
supported William's proposal. Because he, too, relished the thought of defiling Brielle in front of
Max. It would be a release for years of pent-up frustration.
A bastard, an outsider, who did he think he was to hold himself so high within the Dorsey family for so long? Did Max deserve it? Of course not!
###Chapter 913
Antonio's lips curled into a sly smile, a trace of malice flickering in his eyes. There was no way he was going to let that old codger William get near Brielle. He intended to keep Uncle Max's sweetheart locked away like a trophy, safely under his protective wing. The thought made him lick his lips in anticipation, eager for the moment to arrive.
Father and son were lost in their delusions of grandeur, rushing their plans to take down Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Meanwhile, they were clueless about the brewing storm. The largest deals of Dorsey International were starting to unravel.
When Dorsey International's legal documents were posted online, the uproar was immediate and widespread.
The scandal devoured the nation's attention like a ravenous beast.
Dorsey International was a household name. From seniors to school kids, everyone knew its CEO.
But now, the figure once revered like a demigod was exposed to have tainted lineage and was facing a legal battle.
The internet erupted with insults, mockery, and expressions of dismay.
This was Max's first taste of being the epicenter of a media storm.
"Damn it! What the hell are these people babbling about?! The Dorsey International bunch has no shame!"
Inside the Clements family company, Andrew kicked a chair over in a fit of rage.
He looked like a lion set ablaze, itching to dive through the screen and beat some sense into the foul-mouthed commenters.
Dark circles under his eyes betrayed his lack of sleep, a sign of his recent restless nights.
His assistant knew all too well what had been consuming their boss's time. Aside from meetings, Andrew had been a constant fixture outside Aubree's villa, gazing up at the soft glow of her windows like a vigilant guardian. His health was bound to suffer if this continued.
Andrew's routine had been regular these days, shuttling only between the company and Aubree's villa. He'd hardly paid attention to the online tumult.
When he caught wind of the media frenzy, Max's name was already dominating the top trending searches.
"Send a message to pull those trends down now!"
Andrew fumed. His friend Max being dragged through the mud was unacceptable, regardless of whether he was a true Dorsey or not.
It didn't change his stature in the financial world one bit, but to think that the ingrates from the Dorsey family were trying to throw him into prison was infuriating.
The Clements had a decent relationship with the Dorseys, but that didn't stop Andrew from condemning them.
"Mr. Clements, it's too late to pull the trends. It's the biggest sensation of the year. We can't suppress it, and even Mr. Dorsey himself hasn't tried. He probably knows it's unstoppable. We have to let it run its course." 
Unable to sit still any longer, Andrew snatched up his suit jacket.
The assistant hurried after him, assuming he was off on another quixotic quest to deliver lunch to Aubree.
It was no wonder the assistant thought so, recently, that's exactly what Andrew had been doing-using lunch breaks to deliver meals to Aubree then waiting outside her
place at night, hoping for her return.
QUMS
The assistant had a hunch that there was more than meets the eye between the two, but he wouldn't dare speak a word.
Without thinking, he steered the car towards Stellar Stage Entertainment. At this hour, Miss Nie was likely honing her acting skills or practicing her dance moves. "Mr. Clements, Miss Nie's movie is premiering soon. Are we going to see it?"
Andrew had never cared for movies, dismissing them as a hassle and a waste of time. Aubree had mentioned it once, and he'd flatly refused.
But now, the thought of Aubree's
movie hitting the theaters brought a
complex mix of bitterness and
sweetness to his heart. "Buy tickets for the whole company. Everyone's going." 
The assistant's lashes fluttered down, thinking to himself, classic Mr. Clements.
"Of course, Mr. Clements."
###Chapter 914
Andrew thought he was heading to Stellar Stage Entertainment again today, but as soon as they were on the road, he found out they were actually headed to Premier Palace.
He hadn't kept up with the online buzz or checked in with Max recently, and now the severity of the situation hit him hard. When a friend is in trouble, you don't just make a phone call - you show up in person to show you care.
Andrew had heard some rumors, but Max always seemed so calm that he assumed he had everything under control. Now, with public opinion spiraling out of control and Max still silent, Andrew couldn't help but wonder if prison was a real possibility.
Staring out the window at the blur of the streets, he felt a heaviness in his chest. He never imagined things would come to this - Kenzo leaving the limelight, social media accounts deactivated. Jaired dodging gatherings with flimsy excuses, and Max, facing potential jail time, wasn't even a true Dorsey by blood. Everything had flipped upside down overnight, and Andrew couldn't make sense of it.
Rubbing his temples, he waited until they arrived at Premier Palace, where Patrick met him at the door.
"The boss is tied up in a meeting in the study," Patrick said.
Settling on a nearby couch, Andrew couldn't help but notice how calm Patrick seemed, despite being out of a job. "So, you don't have to show up at Dorsey International anymore?" he asked.
Patrick sat back down, his laptop open to documents about a takeover deal involving Dorsey International - a pressing matter he had to deal with. "Yeah."
Feeling a pang of discomfort, Andrew pressed on, "Is there anything I can do? Are we really going to court with the Dorseys?"
The truth about Max's lineage could drown him in a sea of troubles if the Dorsey family clung to it.
"Mr. Clements, the boss will probably be tied up till evening and can't meet with you right now. As for your question, I'm not really in the loop."
Already short-tempered, Andrew shot up from his seat. "You don't know? If you don't, then who does? You're Max's right-hand man! You-"
He was cut short by his assistant's
phone ringing. After a brief
conversation the assistant turned to Andrew, a grave look on his face. "Boss, there's big trouble. Michael's been silent till now, but he just went public claiming back the shares from Mr. Dorsey. He's got a Contract from back in the day giving him the right to reclaim everything, and now Mr. Dorsey's left with nothing at Dorsey International. Looks like the old man really wants to see him behind bars." 
Andrew felt his head buzz with a mix of anger and dread. If Michael had stayed silent, there might have been a chance for Max, with his support solidifying Max's claim as a Dorsey heir, But Michael, at this critical juncture, not only failed to stand by Max but personally pushed him deeper into the muck.
Fuming, Andrew stormed towards the study, with Patrick trailing unsuccessfully behind. Desperate to help Max but clueless on where to begin, Andrew knew that barring a bloodline miracle, Max's fate was sealed.
Barging into the study, he found Max seated, exuding a cold composure, not the biting cold, but a calm one, as if he was unfazed by the chaos outside. Andrew's throat tightened, and then, closing the distance, he locked eyes with Max.
Max muted his computer's microphone and asked, "What's up?"
Andrew nearly laughed in frustration - the emperor isn't worried, but his eunuchs are in agony. Without a word, Andrew took a seat. He had assumed Max's meeting revolved around his identity crisis, but after ten minutes of eavesdropping, all he heard was one mention of Brielle after another.
Ten minutes earlier, Max had wrapped up his input on the Dorsey International acquisition, pivoting to discuss with a hypnotist how to approach Brielle's delicate health situation. "Her health is failing."
"She needs you here asap; Brielle's guard is up against everyone now."
"She wants to be a mother, and that's my fault."
Max's face remained impassive, every sentence woven with Brielle's name. Discussing the issue directly with Brielle was futile; she refused to terminate the pregnancy. Unable to bring himself to force her, Max found the doctor's suggestion invaluable - have the hypnotist make Brielle forget the baby, a peaceful solution to an otherwise heartbreaking impasse. 
###Chapter 915
The hypnotherapist on the video call was named Ramey, a member of the same distinguished family as the elusive figure the lady doctor had been searching for, and the two were actually cousins. However, the man the lady doctor was after was shrouded in secrecy, bound by countless non-disclosure agreements, whereas Ramey was much more laid-back.
"I'll be getting to Beaconsfield tomorrow night. First thing, I'll touch base with Ms. Brielle," he said casually.
Ramey could sense that Max was in a funk, clearly bummed out over the kid, and torn apart by the decision he had to make.
But with Brielle, first on the pill and then with an IUD, that kid was never meant to be. The longer they waited, the more it would hurt her.
If Max really cared about Brielle, he'd do exactly what he was doing now-make a swift decision.
After hanging up the call, Max seemed oblivious to the other person in his study. He just stared at the computer screen, his eyes dark and brooding.
"Here you are, worried about Brielle. Haven't you seen the news online?" Andrew's voice was filled with disbelief.
In the past, he never could've imagined Max becoming the butt of jokes among everyday folks.
This was his friend, his childhood rival he always aspired to outdo. If Max hadn't moved overseas at sixteen, rarely returning, Andrew was sure they'd have had a proper showdown.
He admired Max to his core, marveling at how he managed to double the Dorsey family's net worth just by pulling strings on Wall Street from afar.
Only Max knew the full extent of the blood and thunder he'd faced since becoming the Dorsey family heir at the tender age of ten.
Andrew was a straight shooter, his admiration and disdain both blunt as a hammer, just like his dislike for Brielle, which meant he never had a kind word for her since she came around. Max snapped his laptop shut. "The buzz will die down soon enough."
His tone was breezy, as if he couldn't care less about the Dorsey family's drama.
Andrew frowned. "You got a plan?"
"Yep, I'm gonna take over Dorsey International."
Anyone else would have burst into laughter at such a ludicrous statement. Buying out Dorsey International? That was like a fairytale in Beaconsfield; no one would dare utter such nonsense. But Andrew didn't laugh. He knew Max was no joker. To others, the impossible was just another day's work for Max.
So the anxiety on Andrew's face vanished, replaced by a look of intrigue.
After a long pause, he finally exhaled. "What are the odds?"
Max, seemingly lacking some basic emotional wiring, looked puzzled at Andrew.
Andrew read the silent question in his eyes: Are you kidding me?
Max wouldn't let on about something unless he was a hundred percent sure, especially not to his closest friends. When he shared his plans, it was as good as done.
Inside, Andrew felt like he was
in a maelstrom. He wouldn't
caugert with such certainty that
dare
he could take over Dorsey International. 
Dorsey International had been a titan in Beaconsfield for years, always at the top, with countless subsidiaries.
What could possibly to buy
it out? 
But then he thought about Max's years on Wall Street, and how no one knew the extent of his assets.
In that moment, Andrew felt a sense of peace.
The man he'd been trying to catch up with had actually left him far behind.
If he weren't the Clements family heir, Andrew wouldn't know what to do with himself.
All his achievements were built on the shoulders of the Clements family colossus.
But Max was different. He wasn't the Dorsey family heir, yet he could casually propose taking over the Dorsey family as if it were nothing.
In that instant, Andrew realized the gap between him and Max. The man was a force of nature.
And yet, this force of nature had fallen for a woman.
Andrew finally understood why Max
never seemed to go all-in with
Dorsey International. It was because
he never really cared about its assets. 
It was like he was just ticking off a checklist, devoid of passion.
Andrew lowered his lashes, his intuition had been right all along.
But then he thought of all the times Max had mentioned Brielle, and he couldn't help but offer some brotherly advice.
"Max, do you really like Brielle?"
Could a force of nature fall for someone?
He had his doubts.
###Chapter 916
Max didn't respond to the question; he didn't need to prove anything to anyone, least of all the depth of his feelings for Brielle. Handling personal questions wasn't exactly his forte. Andrew had asked more out of casual curiosity than genuine concern. Once he knew Max
had the Dorsey family situation under control, he stood up from the mahogany desk and made his exit.
Inside his car, Max slumped against the plush leather of the back seat and instructed his assistant in a muffled tone, "Head to Stellar Stage Entertainment."
The buzz at Stellar Stage Entertainment was palpable. The board had just passed a plan to construct two sizable cafeterias within the building, aiming to significantly boost the working conditions for the staff. The news spread like wildfire, stirring excitement throughout the company. Then, the higher-ups announced a company-wide salary raise, extending even to the unproven rookies, and to top it off, they revealed that all artist wardrobe designs would be entrusted to libo. Anyone who was anyone in the fashion scene knew of libo. His creations were routinely snatched up by A-listers in Hollywood, leaving nothing for the lesser-known talents. And now, this high-flying designer was going to dress Stellar Stage's newcomers?
But when word got out that it was Brielle who had secured libo's services, not a soul within Stellar Stage doubted it. They had followed Mr. Haywood-Brielle's father-to this point, witnessing her turn the impossible into reality time and again. She was the real deal, tirelessly working for Stellar Stage, and the company's higher-ups respected and supported her without question.
Even those known for their flattery, who had stayed on after Dorsey International targeted the company, didn't bolt. They proposed pay cuts as a gesture of solidarity-not out of coercion, but by choice. Brielle, however, declined their offers and instead gave everyone raises, earning their unwavering loyalty.
However, just because Stellar Stage believed in Brielle didn't mean the outside world did. When rumors that libo was designing for Stellar Stage's rookies hit the internet, mockery ensued.
"I bet no one at Stellar Stage realizes libo's rank in fashion."
"How embarrassing. Don't they know about the A-lister last year who got turned down by libo?"
"An A-lister gets rejected, but Stellar Stage rookies get custom libo designs? They're living in a fantasy land."
"Didn't Brielle graduate from Beaconsfield College? They boasted about her accomplishments, and this is what we get? They're saying she started this tall tale." Online commentators were relentless in their ridicule of Brielle. Stellar Stage staff felt the injustice keenly, and someone finally snapped back at the anonymous critics.
"Mr. Haywood's even bringing in two Michelin-starred chefs to run our new cafeterias," they retorted. That comment, screenshot and shared, only fanned the flames of mockery.
By evening, Stellar Stage was a trending topic for all the wrong reasons. Stellar Stage and Max were the butts of the joke, their names linked and lampooned endlessly online. "I used to envy Brielle, with Max chasing after her. Turns out birds of a feather really do flock together."
"What a shame, they could've been the perfect power couple."
"Don't feel sorry. They're quite the match-a welfare queen and a man of questionable lineage."
The internet was awash with scorn,
practically pointing fingers directly at
Brielle and Max. Brielle was the
maligned of the two, as Max's
reputation was somewhat
cushioned by his long-standing
'golden boy' image. But Brielle? The
trolls showed no mercy.
As Brielle packed up for the day, she glanced at the online vitriol but didn't engage. Aubree, on the other hand, barged in fuming, "I can't stand these idiots anymore. I'm going to post about it right now!"
With Aubree's movie premiering
soon, any statement she made
would put her in the crosshairs as well. Brielle, already at the elevator, gave Aubree a reassuring pat on the shoulder. "Don't bother with the internet." 
"And what about Max? Is he really planning to hide away, letting you take all the heat?"
By the time Brielle stepped into the elevator, followed by Aubree, she still didn't know Max's plan. She hadn't~ asked, and lately, she'd been avoiding deeper conversations with him, knowing all too well that talk would eventually turn to the matter of children. 
###Chapter 917
She knew avoiding Max like this was hurting him, but she just couldn't help it. She desperately wanted to have this baby. But why couldn't anyone understand her?
From Brielle's perspective, she knew her health wasn't great, but she was clueless about the whole contraception issue. She thought her frailty was the only problem and that pregnancy could be fatal for both her and the baby. To her, this was a challenge she could overcome. If she started eating regularly, getting enough sleep, and taking daily walks to gain some weight back, everything would fall into place.
But Max? He was dead set on not having the baby.
Brielle just couldn't understand his point of view, and it pained her.
Standing in the elevator, she stared at her reflection on the shiny walls, realizing she had indeed lost a few pounds. Her frailty wasn't just in her mind.
Growing up, she'd always worried about the bare necessities. During harsh winters and sweltering summers, she never had a decent pair of shoes. The cold and damp had long seeped into her bones.
After reaching adulthood and throwing herself into work at Dorsey International, her meals were often irregular, leading to stomach issues.
Brielle now bitterly regretted dedicating her life to Dorsey International. She had invested everything into the company, neglecting her personal life completely. And in the end, the Dorsey family had only used her. "Bri, you've really lost a lot of weight."
Aubree, looking at her, suddenly made that remark, then reached out to touch her forehead.
"Are you sick?"
"No, Aubree, I can't go shopping with you today. I need to rest."
Seeing how exhausted she was, Aubree didn't dare insist on her company and watched as Brielle got into her car.
It was only noon, but Brielle couldn't fight the drowsiness. Carrying this child was clearly a huge burden.
She had realized this and had consciously slowed down at work.
Once back at Premier Palace, she collapsed onto the bed without hesitation and fell asleep within a minute. But it was a restless sleep. She dreamed of a masked man.
In the dream, she was lying in bed, heavily pregnant, tears streaming down her face.
Strangely, even though she wanted this baby in reality, in the dream, she was desperate to get rid of it. She sensed a bone-deep murderous intent from the man, and an inexplicable, entangled ambiguity. Terrified, Brielle tried to scream, but a hand covered her mouth, and a finger was placed on her lips. "No one's going to save you. Stay put, stop trying to run."
Brielle's pupils contracted in fear, and she jolted awake from the nightmare.
Drenched in sweat, her lips trembled uncontrollably.
She quickly got up, filled the bathtub with water, and soaked herself.
Nausea surged in her stomach, making her want to vomit.
Max entered, not finding her in bed.
The bathroom door was closed. He opened it and saw Brielle asleep in the tub, thankfully with the water still warm.
He grabbed a towel and gently dried her off before carrying her out of the tub.
In a daze, Brielle felt someone feeding her soup. She ate it in big gulps, her subconscious urging her to eat more for the baby's health. 
"Sleep now."
Max's voice was soft as he kissed her on the lips.
Brielle slept until the next afternoon. After freshening up, she descended the stairs only to see a strange man in the house.
Her step faltered, and her grip on the railing tightened.
Max, sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper, stood up and embraced her, introducing the newcomer.
"This is the new butler, Ramey, a distant relative of Brent's."
In truth, that wasn't the case. It was just a cover for Ramey, given Brielle's heightened sense of caution.
"Is Brent leaving?"
Brielle felt uneasy.
"Yes, Brent's getting on in years and it's time for him to retire."
Max pulled her down to sit beside him, soothingly patting the back of her hand.
"Ramey's here to replace Brent. He comes highly recommended by him."
Brielle nodded. She watched Max take a phone call and step out into the garden.
Through the glass doors, she could
ret
only see his silhouette, apparent deep in conversation with whoever on the other end.
want
belongs to en.kikistoriever
Meanwhile, the young man in front of her offered a gentle smile.
"Ms. Brielle, are you feeling nervous?"
Ramey had an unassuming look. His features, taken individually, were average, but together, they exuded a calming presence.
Unlike Kenzo's deep, impenetrable
gentleness, Ramey's demeanor was
like the warmth of spring,
vel.
inadvertently disarming one's
defenses. 
###Chapter 918
As Max had pointed out, Brielle was trapped in a kind of emotional dead end, her maternal instincts so powerful that she didn't even notice how wary she had become of everyone around her.
Even in her nightmares, she'd clutch her belly protectively, as if shielding her unborn child from unseen dangers. She wasn't aware of it, but Max saw everything with perfect clarity.
Ramey's eyes met Brielle's, his voice soft and easygoing. "I had a chat with your uncle about your likes and dislikes. Never heard you were this shy around new folks. Or is it just that my face could scare a ghost?" He joked, his demeanor relaxed and friendly.
"No, it's just that... since Brent left, I guess I'm still getting used to things," Brielle admitted, her hand instinctively moving toward her stomach. Remembering Ramey's presence, she stopped halfway and instead used her hand to steady herself against the couch. Ramey noticed the aborted gesture but didn't comment. Instead, he gently asked about her hobbies and what she enjoyed doing in her free time.
After just a few questions, Brielle started to look visibly uneasy, her eyes flitting to where Max was on the phone in the garden, silently pleading for him to finish his call and come back to her side.
What Brielle didn't realize was that this was all part of a plan Max and Ramey had cooked up: Max stayed in her line of sight to keep her relaxed while Ramey took the chance to ask his questions. Leaning back, Ramey gave the signal to Max-it was time for him to return.
Brielle missed their subtle communication, but the moment Max ended his call and sat down next to her, she let out a sigh of relief, a smile spreading across her face as she reached out to link her arm through his. With Max by her side, she was a different person entirely.
In nature, it's common for a female to rely more on her mate during pregnancy. It's a natural instinct, and humans, being complex creatures, face even greater emotional challenges during such times.
"Feeling hungry?" Max asked, lacing his fingers with hers, his voice gentle and soothing.
With Max's comforting presence, Brielle finally relaxed completely, her tension melting away even in Ramey's company.
Sticking to his role as the ever-dutiful butler, Ramey instructed the kitchen staff to bring out dinner.
The three of them dined together, and the atmosphere was relatively harmonious.
After the meal, Brielle, feeling drowsy, headed upstairs to rest.
As soon as she was gone, Ramey set his teacup down, a worried frown creasing his brow.
"Max, Ms. Brielle's on high alert, and her concern for the child is intense. We need to use deep hypnosis, but have you thought about all the risks?"
Max nodded, his expression cool but tinged with sadness-a sentiment Ramey could clearly read.
Max's voice turned hoarse as he looked down at his cup. "When do we start?"
"Next week," Ramey replied. "Ms. Brielle isn't comfortable with me yet. She's very guarded when you're not around. need to spend more time here, build trust with her. Once her defenses are down, I can proceed with the hypnosis." 
A thought struck Ramey, and he couldn't help but ask, "Why did my cousin refuse to take on Ms. Brielle's case? He and that female doctor are close friends, and he's taken referrals from her before out of respect. He only turns down cases if they violate confidentiality agreements. So, before we begin, I hope you've thoroughly checked Ms. Brielle's history. If she's been hypnotized before, a second deep
session could seriously damage her
mind." 
Max's face darkened. He hadn't been part of Brielle's life from the beginning, so her days under surveillance were mostly unknown to him.
Her life in Beaconsfield had been routine-until she met him, stirring up everything.
His eyelashes fluttered slightly as he
thought about the biggest
shocks like Michael's scheme to secretly give her birth controband then there was the IUD. 
Brielle's strong desire for a child suggested the IUD wasn't her choice. So, who else could it be but Michael?
###Chapter 919
But last time Michael came clean, he only mentioned the birth control pills, never breathed a word about the IUD.
"Max?" Ramey called out.
Max snapped back to reality, but his brows were knit with a frosty sternness, a slight tremor in his usually calm voice. "Just take care of it," he said.
Ramey didn't pry any further. Since it was all kicking off next week, he had to hustle to get Brielle to let her guard down.
Max stared at the screen in front of him, feeling nauseated by the avalanche of data. The bigwigs at Dream Tech Designs kept buzzing him, asking when he'd swing by. Back in his Wall Street days, Max had been the hands-on captain of Dream Tech Designs, but since he'd drifted back to Beaconsfield, he'd been running the show remotely, just like he used to with Dorsey International.
Dream Tech Designs had his most trusted execs; he wasn't sweating about any hiccups there. Still, the crew was keen for him to make an appearance.
"Mr. Dorsey, Dorsey International is biting the hand that fed it. No need for soft gloves. Our plan's in motion, by next week at the latest, we'll have clinched the takeover," they said.
This blitz on Dorsey International was a hostile takeover, plain and simple cash warfare. And if there was one thing Max wasn't short on, it was cash.
"Mr. Dorsey, we're really hoping you can make it back soon. Plus, Infinity Brilliance is snooping around us. I've fed them a line, let the Lynch family catch wind that you're the big cheese at Dream Tech Designs."
Infinity Brilliance didn't stir a flicker on Max's stony face, but he glanced upstairs on instinct. People have their selfish streaks. If he heeded his darkest desires, he wouldn't wish for Brielle to reconnect with the Lynch clan.
Brielle's world was barren. The Haywood family never took to her, Spencer didn't treasure her, and Aubree was her sole confidant. Brielle was the most emotionally destitute person he'd ever met, second only to himself.
Having been a part of the Dorsey
family for years, he only had a sliver
of softness for Brodie and Martha. He could give the rest of his tenderness to Brielle, to mend all her past heartaches. But Brielle's soft spots would be divided, shared with Aubree, all the Lynch folks, even the stars at Stellar Stage Entertainment. He'd snag just a modest slice.
It was Max's selfish streak, revealed only after he realized he was smitten with Brielle. His dispassion made him a bystander in the Lynch drama. To him, the Lynch family was just a bunch of strangers.
Maybe the Lynch crew were all top-notch, but what did they matter to him? He only wanted Brielle. His aloofness was cold-hearted. Once the Lynch family caught wind, they'd surely oppose his romance with Briefle. But the last thing he wanted was someone else diluting her attention. He was selfish, and he didn't dare let Brielle catch on to
that. 
Max could ditch everything he cared about, Dorsey International, Dream Tech Designs, all of it. He just wanted Brielle. But Brielle couldn't leave it all behind for him. Because she wanted more than just Max. Max never used to care about his rank in someone's heart. But love stirs greed. The moment he started to care, to nitpick, he realized he was just like any other guy.
Glancing at the messages from Dream Tech Designs' execs on his computer screen, he felt nothing. None of the success in the finance world could touch what he felt for Brielle. He replied mechanically and headed upstairs.
Brielle was asleep, a tiny bundle curled up in the blankets, only half her face visible. Max's only wish was to clear any hurdles in Beaconsfield before the next month dawned. He raised his hand, tenderly tracing her features.
He still didn't grasp why, on that
slightly tipsy evening, one look from
her had him whisking her away to his apartment. He was never a man of carnal desires. In the sullied, desire-fueled circles of Wall Street, he'd resisted touching any woman. So why break his resolve the
moment he returned stateside? 
No wonder Andrew asked if his feelings for Brielle were genuine. Of course, he was smitten, helplessly so. His affection was so profound it startled even him. But this strange, intense affection made him itch to step out of line.
His fingertips lingered on Brielle's cheek, gently caressing, then settling on her abdomen. In her sleep, Brielle placed a hand over her belly, as if sensing the touch, her brow furrowing with resistance.
Max grasped her hand, bringing it to his lips for a kiss. "I promise you," he whispered, "once you're back in fighting form, we'll get hitched, fully prepped, and then we'll have a healthy baby."
###Chapter 920
Brielle was blissfully unaware of the conversations happening around her. Even in her dreams, she felt a cozy warmth that made her lips curl into a gentle smile. Max noticed her peaceful expression and couldn't help but chuckle softly.
Outside the door, Patrick knocked quietly. "Boss, the takeover of Dorsey International is in motion. In about two days, the Dorseys will start to sense something's off, and by next Tuesday at the latest, the deal will be done."
Patrick's voice was low, careful not to wake Brielle. Max didn't care about the acquisition; he wasn't interested in the Dorsey assets. His sole aim was to strip Michael of everything, to leave him in a state where living was unbearable, and death was not an escape. Michael had to pay for what he did to Brielle.
"Got it," Max replied as he got up, leaving the room and gently closing the door behind him. "What about Brodie?"
"Michael's got him under close watch. Probably worried he might help you out," Patrick said, a mocking smirk playing on his lips.
Brodie was a pharmacist and could only aid Max with medical matters. But Max had abandoned their long-planned scheme to be with Brielle, putting their years of plotting on hold. With the plan shelved, Brodie's role in Max's future actions was essentially redundant. But unlike Michael, Max wasn't the type to discard people when they were no longer useful. He remembered how Brodie had lost his legs because of him, going from a golden boy to a shadow of his former self. To Max, Brodie's continued existence was help enough. It was a pity Michael never understood that.
Ignoring Patrick's sarcasm, Max asked about someone else. "What's Victoria up to?"
His so-called sister had never been a problem and had shown genuine concern over the years. But Max had always been distant, providing only material support. Now that he was no longer the heir to the Dorsey fortune, he suspected Victoria's life would get tougher.
Patrick's scorn deepened at the
mention of Victoria. "Michael's made
the old agreement public, and Dorsey International has released. court documents. Everyone thinks you're going to jail this time, even Miss Howe believes it. So, she's busy sucking up to Michael, shadowing him constantly. In her spare time, she's all over Everett."
Max had always given Victoria everything she wanted materially. When he was CEO, she had done everything she could to get rid of Brielle, wishing she would just leave Beaconsfield. But now that Max was out of the Dorsey family, Victoria's true colors showed no calls, no messages, eager to cut ties and drop the act.
This didn't bother Max; his time with the Dorseys had taught him their true nature long ago. He let out a quiet laugh and was about to comment when he heard the door to the living room open.
As he went downstairs, he saw Tiffanie had arrived. She was usually all bold makeup, tattoos, piercings, and even a tongue stud-someone you wouldn't want to mess with. But today, she looked surprisingly subdued.
"Maxie," she called out, her eyes red as she sat down beside him. Max had treated Tiffanie the same as Victoria, fulfilling her material desires. He had never wronged the mother and daughter.
"Maxie, here's everything you've ever
given me the villa, the amusement
эт
park shares, the sports car," she said, her face showing no regret as she handed over all the property deeds, followed by her credit card. "I've always been a big spender, so my cash is nearly gone, but here are the assets. And this card it's the thirty million you gave me last year. I forgot about the card and never used it, so the money's still there." 
Max raised an eyebrow and sat down across from her. "What's all this about? Trying to draw a line?"
Even Patrick frowned in disapproval from the side. If Tiffanie was doing this too, it would be really disheartening.
"No, it's not that. I just think you
could really use this money right now, Maxie, it's not much, but it might help. Gramps really wants behind bars. I've heard all your
shares have been reclaimed,
including the real estate a ne
through the Dorsey
investments-maybe even the Premier Palace," Tiffanie said,
sobbing, her eyes swelling with grief.
It seemed there was still some heart left in the Dorsey lineage after all.
###Chapter 921
Max was caught off guard. He had never been particularly kind or cruel to the mother-daughter duo, so even if Victoria decided to cut ties with him immediately, he wouldn't have felt a twinge of sadness. Tiffanie was an accidental seed he'd planted without much thought. He'd seen the lash marks on her skin before but never inquired about them, just handed over cash. He was indifferent, really. That was Max, his apathy expertly masked with a seamless facade. Yet, this accidental seed had bloomed into something pure and beautiful.
Tiffanie didn't catch his response, her voice hitching, "Maxie, I'll help get the money. I have lots of friends. I'm not sure how much I can gather, but I thought I'd give you back what you gave me first." Max chuckled softly, a rare hint of tenderness flickering in his eyes. "Go back home."
Her face turned ashen, thinking he was dismissing her meager offer. But that was all she had. She'd left herself just enough to scrape by, already planning to take on extra shifts at work to make ends meet. Max raised his hand and gently tousled her hair. He had never been one for such gestures, so Tiffanie froze, disbelief written all over her face as tears began to escape her eyes. "I haven't fallen that far." Patrick, standing behind Max, watched the scene unfold with a warmth spreading through his chest. At last, someone in the Dorsey family remembered the kindness of their CEO.
"But Maxie, the rumors online-"
"I'm fine. I just don't want to deal with it." His tone was nonchalant as he signaled the maid to bring tea.
Tiffanie wasn't foolish. Seeing his composed demeanor, she knew he must have a plan. Embarrassed, she quickly folded the property deeds on the table, slipped them into her purse along with the bank card, her cheeks blazing. "What a joke I am. Pretend I was never here today."
Max's laughter was light.
Feeling even more mortified, Tiffanie stood up swiftly. "I should go then." She paused a few steps toward the door. "By the way, is Brielle okay?"
Max's slight smile faltered, his eyelashes casting shadows on his cheeks, "She's fine."
Assured, Tiffanie continued on her way out. Maxie had a solution, and she was overjoyed, more so because it meant she wouldn't have to work and could keep spending money.
As she left the grandeur of Premier Palace, Tiffanie's phone rang. It was Victoria, asking her whereabouts.
"Keep your distance from Max, got it?"
Tiffanie's eyes brimmed with sarcasm. "I know."
Victoria sensed her daughter's nonchalance and lashed out over the phone before softly warning her, "If I find out you've been seeing him, I'll break your legs. We don't have the same standing in the Dorsey family as before. I'm planning to marry you off to a decent home. William won't be inclined to give me more money. After raising you for so long, I expect some return." 
Tiffanie said nothing, simply looking up at the sky. "Mom, I'll listen to you."
She smiled, haunted by memories of Victoria beating her like a dog for disobedience. Victoria was pleased with her compliance.
"I'm already looking at prospects. Don't tarnish your reputation further. You know how bad it is. Only older suitors are willing to consider you."
Tiffanie remained silent, numbly
walking away. After berating Tiffanie
thoroughly and feeling content, Victoria clung to Everett who was about to leave, her voice desperate. "Everett, you're not coming home tonight again?" 
In Tiffanie's presence, she was always submissive, treading on eggshells for fear of upsetting him. Everett looked down at the hands around his waist with revulsion, his skin crawling. But he endured, as he had for years, sometimes suppressing the urge to vomit when he had to be intimate with her.
It was the Dorsey family that had clipped his wings, binding him to Victoria. "Yeah, let go. I have to leave."
Victoria, now penniless, was at a loss on how to make Everett stay. Everett had seldom performed in recent years; the Dorsey family controlled everything, and he needed their approval just to leave Beaconsfield.
Deep down, Victoria knew Everett was still searching for his first love, the one who had been pregnant with his child. Unfortunately, the old man had sent her far away, out of reach.
Without any power, Everett's pride had been ground away. Finding someone under the Dorsey family's watch was like looking for a needle in a haystack.
###Chapter 922
As long as the Dorsey family stood strong, Everett was stuck by her side.
"Can I come with you, please?"
She pleaded, her eyes begging him to look back at her. But Everett was always cold towards her, his disdain barely hidden. "What for? To show everyone I'm still tied to you? Can't you make your own friends instead of trailing me like a lost puppy?"
He was beyond fed up with this woman who wouldn't give him a moment of privacy. In the early years, any time he turned her down, she'd run crying to Michael, airing her grievances.
Once a celebrated pianist admired worldwide, Everett was now a man living at the mercy of others. Every time Victoria had an emotional meltdown, it led to his public humiliation. In Beaconsfield's social circles, he was invisible. Behind closed doors, people whispered that Everett was just a pretty face kept by Victoria, nothing more than a plaything for her desires.
No man could endure such indignity.
Everett despised Victoria and the wretched child she bore. Whenever he heard that Victoria had hit Tiffanie, a twisted sense of satisfaction filled him. And Victoria, eager to appease him, treated Tiffanie like an animal.
Sometimes, Everett couldn't suppress the darkness within, wishing he could rid himself of both mother and daughter. But he couldn't. He had to find someone.
Was the child ever born, and if so, was she still alive?
Alone and powerless, he stood no chance against the Dorsey family. Despite years of searching, his struggles were child's play to the Dorsey patriarch.
Over the past year, Everett had finally given up. He resigned himself to the fate that he could never escape the Dorsey family's clutches. So, he began to demand money from Victoria recklessly. And Victoria, the fool, complied, showering him with cash even as she lay beneath him.
Everett believed there wasn't a single sane person in the Dorsey family. He thought Max was different, but Max wasn't a true Dorsey, ironically enough. The Dorseys were a nest of vipers.
Spencer had been unfaithful despite his fiancée, Ryan's infidelities were as regular as meals, the eldest William was deviously cunning, and Michael...
A flicker of resentment crossed Everett's eyes. To be bound to someone's daughter as a mere consort-what kind of man would do that?
The Dorseys were all mad, Victoria most of all.
Everett had amassed fortunes from her, so much so that he'd lost count of the billions. Like a gambler, he indulged himself, finding solace in the neon haze of casinos, where he could feel alive amid the nocturnal illusions. In such a state, winning was impossible, and so the money dwindled to nothing.
But that didn't matter to Victoria. She wouldn't get angry; she'd simply beg for another night with him. And Everett, swallowing his disgust, would comply and receive another hefty sum.
What normal woman would tolerate
such humiliation while paying a fortune for it? With money and time, couldn't she live with dignity as a wealthy socialite? But Victoria didn't see it that way. In her mind, without Everett, she might as well be dead. 
Everett's loathing for her was venomous.
"Everett, I'm sorry. I'll come with you, I really want to be with you. I want to be by your side every moment. I'll behave, promise. Tiffanie's not here today can't hit her to please you, but when she comes back, I' continue." 
The sadness Everett felt was not just for himself but also for Tiffanie. But that child deserved it; she should never have been born.
"Get lost!"
With a shove, he cast Victoria aside and strode out. Victoria tried to follow but, in her haste, stumbled and fell. Everett didn't look back. He got into his car and drove away, leaving Victoria weeping alone on the cold ground.
###Chapter 923
Everett cranked the ignition and cast a quick glance at her. She was sprawled out like a stray dog, as if waiting for someone to give her a hand. The sight made his stomach churn. He wanted nothing more than to floor the gas pedal and get the hell out of there. Dark thoughts crept back into his mind. The fantasy of running Victoria over with his car, sending her straight to hell, played on a loop. Everett's brow furrowed with irritation as he tuned into the car radio.
The news buzzed with Max's predicament-word was, he was on the brink of jail time. Everett snorted at the thought, hoping it was true. Of all the Dorseys, Max was the one who seemed untouchable, like he belonged on some pedestal. Everett didn't run into Max often, but whenever he did, the man left him in awe-whether it was Max's cunning or his looks.
Everett often wondered what stroke of luck had graced the Dorseys to end up with an heir like Max. And now, to think the Dorseys wanted to destroy Max themselves-it was just plain stupidity.
Gripping the steering wheel tight, Everett mused that without Max, the Dorsey empire would crumble in no time. The prospect of witnessing their downfall brought a twisted smile to his face. It felt like the cage that had trapped him for years was finally starting to break apart. He didn't fully grasp the extent of Max's power, but he knew the man wasn't one to sit idly by. The end of the Dorseys was probably nigh.
With a cold laugh, Everett spared one more glance at the woman still lying on the ground, disgust churning in his gut, and quickly drove away. As Everett approached the gate, he coincidentally ran into Tiffanie returning home. With the car window rolled down, his vehicle came to a stop right beside her. Everett was surprised; Tiffanie looked unusually innocent tonight. But remembering the rumors linking her with various male celebrities, he felt the bile rise once more.
Unfazed by his hostility, Tiffanie bent over with a smile. "Everett, what a coincidence."
His face darkened instantly. "Beat it."
"Do you really dislike me that much, Everett?"
"What do you think? You're as vile as your mother!"
After his harsh words, he rolled up the window. Tiffanie stood there, feeling the car graze past her. Everett probably wanted to run her and Victoria over, to erase the shame they represented to him. But he didn't dare. He only dared to loathe her.
Standing her ground, Tiffanie watched the house and chuckled softly. Her phone buzzed at that moment-it was a message from Mason. She had blacklisted Mason before, but recently, she had let him back in.
Everett hated her, despised her, and enjoyed watching her suffer under Victoria's thumb, finding perverse joy in her misery. But what could she do when his only son seemed to fancy her?
Tiffanie looked at the stream of messages on her phone. Mason was asking why she wasn't replying, if she intended to deny that night they had shared. She blinked, sighing softly. She still didn't reply, knowing Mason was busy with the company issues involving Brielle and wouldn't be back in the country anytime soon, meaning he wouldn't come looking for her personally. 
She hoped that, in time, he would let go of his infatuation. After all, from their very first encounter, she knew he was Everett's son. Clinging to him had been out of spite, unwilling to suffer in hell alone. She wanted to drag him down too-this clean, earnest man. 
The beast within her was growing restless, and?f Mason continued his unwavering affection, she would lead him by the hand to the Dorseys, right to Everett's doorstep. Let Everett himself discover that his perfect son had already been tangled in her sheets. 
###Chapter 924
The excitement coursing through Tiffanie was like a jolt of electricity. As she scrolled through the messages, her head bowed, a sense of calm gradually settled within her. Mason had always been so kind, right up there with Maxie and Brielle. She really didn't want to hurt him. She wished he'd just take the hint and leave her world before things got messy.
With a sigh, she read the last message, then stepped into the villa's opulent embrace.
Surprisingly, the past few days had been calm. The online chatter still hummed, but neither Brielle nor Max paid it any mind. Right in the middle of this, Aubree and Ricardo's film hit the theaters.
Keiran took to Twitter to throw his weight behind the movie, and thanks to his support, the first wave of moviegoers packed the theaters.
Brielle hadn't been to Stellar Stage Entertainment since Ramey showed up at Premier Palace. It felt like she was constantly running into him.
Ramey was gentle, but Brielle couldn't shake this feeling of unease. Maybe it was the pregnancy, or Max's protectiveness that hinted he might not want the baby, making her see threats everywhere.
Still, Ramey hadn't done anything suspicious, just asked a few questions here and there. Gradually, her guard dropped, and now she barely noticed him, her focus glued to the computer screen, eager to see how their first movie was doing.
Dorsey International had played dirty, hiring trolls to bash the film before it even released. The internet was ruthless in its mockery. If the box office crashed, Stellar Stage Entertainment was in for a tough ride.
Brielle wasn't holding her breath-Aubree and Ricardo were newbies after all. But she had seen the movie and found it gripping and profound. By her standards, it was a solid contender for a blockbuster.
Her goal? Nine figures.
Brielle couldn't afford to relax, eyes fixed on the fluctuating numbers, occasionally calming an increasingly frantic Aubree.
With their debut film and the recent online ridicule, Aubree desperately wanted a box office hit to salvage the company's reputation. But more than that, she wanted to prove herself to Brielle. Brielle had promised to take her to greater heights-a promise Aubree held onto tightly. 
At noon, the movie hit the trending charts thanks to a notoriously sharp-tongued critic who had a knack for trashing films. Even A-listers weren't safe from his biting reviews. en FindNovel
Everyone clicked in, expecting a thorough roast. But to their
the internet into a tizzy bet
the critic left just one line
"Nothing to say. Just go see it!"
Commenters, ready to join the mockery, were left puzzled.
"Blink twice if you're being held hostage."
"Did Stellar Stage Entertainment pay you off?"
"Careful, mate. The last guy who said that got sued."
"For the newbies-he's old money, never takes bribes, and doesn't do ads."
"I came here for the roast, and now you're telling us to boost their sales?"
The critic responded to the last one.
"Go. You won't regret it!"
###Chapter 925
This critic was a big deal in the film world, practically a legend. If he trashed a movie, it was game over-people would mock it endlessly. But if he praised it, you could bet it'd be raking in awards left and right. His reviews were the real deal-no fluff, no bias. But this time, he threw his weight behind "Solitary Strides," the latest from Stellar Stage Entertainment. The comment sections online went wild, unsure how to react. There was even a director who once tried to bribe him, only to have the critic publicly shame the movie, tanking its box office performance. If Keiran was the toughest actor in the industry, this critic was his match in the film review world. Thanks to his powerful endorsement, even the skeptics started buying tickets to see "Solitary Strides," while the haters kept up their online jeers.
Stellar Stage Entertainment's debut was under a microscope, with everyone from the general public to folks like William keeping a close eye on the box office.
William sneered as he plotted. "Keep those bots busy trashing Stellar Stage Entertainment. And while you're at it, smear Aubree, the leading lady. Say she's got a shady personal life, that she couldn't cut it in Beaconsfield's social circles, so she turned to showbiz." Destroying a woman's reputation was easy and awful-just hint that her personal life was messy, and she'd be damned. Slut-shaming was vile but effective, leaving women defenseless.
It wasn't long before searches about Stellar Stage Entertainment and Aubree were trending, thanks to William's scheming. They shot up to the top five, right alongside gossip about Max and Brielle.
William had really shelled out for this, so the smear campaign was huge, convincing those who hadn't seen the movie that it was trash. Within an hour, the public seemed ready to bury Stellar Stage Entertainment in mud.
But just two hours later, the second wave of moviegoers, convinced by the critic, emerged from theaters, slamming the organized smear
campaign, "Oh my God, everyone et
needs to see this-it's such a tearjerker!" "Aubree and Ricardo are treasures! Their performances had me bawling." "Ricardo's final look broke my heart. I can't get over it." "This is award-winning stuff! Stellar Stage Entertainment rocks! Ricardo rocks! Aubree rocks!" 
People left theaters and started spreading the word to friends and family, who then also left in tears, eager to tell more people. Gradually, the online hate died down, unable to compete with the genuine voices of real viewers. 
Brielle had been glued to her computer for two days, watching the numbers climb, seeing theaters that once showed the film in off-peak slots now giving it prime showtimes. Her eyes welled up with tears.
By day three, they'd hit a single-day
box office record, becoming the dark horse of the year. Theaters were packed, and fave reviews were pouring in Viewers couldn't help but write long posts about the movie urging everyone they knew to watch it. "I refuse to let such an amazing film go unnoticed. Stellar Stage Entertainment has outdone themselves." "Full marks for
costumes, sets, and direction-every frame is award-worthy." "I heard Brielle personally handpicked the actors. Her taste is impeccable." 
Brielle's heart raced as she read the comments, her eyes locked on the billion-dollar single-day box office figure. She'd only hoped the total box office would hit a billion-she'd never imagined this.
And all this on a film that cost less than fifty million to make. Stellar Stage Entertainment had hit the jackpot, and it was only day three-who knew where the final box office tally would land?
After a moment of excited anticipation, Brielle checked her phone, scrolling through Aubree and Ricardo's Twitter. The two newcomers had gained over ten million followers in just three days a mind-blowing feat. Brielle smiled to herself. She'd promised to take them places, and this was just the beginning. Looked like Stellar Stage Entertainment deserved a victory bash.
###Chapter 926
In the mix of joy for some, there's always a bit of sorrow for others.
At Stellar Stage Entertainment, the place was buzzing, with everyone in the building caught up in the excitement. Meanwhile, over at Dorsey International, the atmosphere was downright gloomy.
William stared at the day's box office numbers hitting a hundred million, half-expecting his eyes to be playing tricks on him. Movies with a whole lineup of A-list stars didn't always pull off those numbers on opening day. What made this one so special? "Damn it all!" He slammed his hand on the desk, his frustration spilling over to the person next to him.
"Didn't I tell you to hire some trolls? Why are there so few people badmouthing Stellar Stage Entertainment online? Taking money and not doing the job - what a bunch of losers!"
The berated staff member hung their head, muttering, "Mr. Ryan-"
"What did you just call me?"
"Mr. Dorsey, we've thrown plenty of cash at it, but the trolling firms are refusing to take orders. They actually saw the movie and don't want to bash it anymore, even for money."
What kind of excuse was that?! William felt his scalp prickling with irritation.
"Keep pouring money into it! And get that scandal about Aubree trending! We cannot let Stellar Stage Entertainment win!"
This movie was Stellar Stage Entertainment's first big move. If they succeeded, it would be bad news for Dorsey International.
Having just taken over at Dorsey International, William had planned to make an example out of Max and Stellar Stage Entertainment. If he ended up with egg on his face, he'd be the laughingstock of the company.
His expression darkened as he called the police, instructing them to summon Max to court.
Just as the movie's buzz was peaking, a bombshell dropped - a court summons for Max, with the trial against William kicking off in two days.
Max, however, remained eerily silent. Nobody seemed to know what he was up to lately. Rumors swirled that he was holed up in the Premier Palace, leading to speculation that perhaps the untouchable golden boy had succumbed to despondency. Brielle couldn't stand the online slander against Max and took to her Twitter to defend him.
-My boyfriend is anything but disheartened.
Boyfriend?
Users squinted at the word, like they'd suddenly forgotten how to read. Wasn't it rumored that Max hadn't won Brielle over? Hadn't she rejected him? Even his gift of that black rosary?
Yet here she was, publicly
acknowledging their relationship
amidst his legal turmoil. It seemed insane. Brielle had spurned Max back when he was the CEO of Dorsey International, only to stand by bim now, in his hour of need. 
They say you cut and run when the going gets tough, but Brielle was marching to the beat of her own drum.
Her tweet exploded, raking in over a hundred thousand comments. The curious and the nosy alike asked if they were truly an item.
Brielle was on cloud nine these days and eager to shield Max from slander, so she confirmed it openly.
-Yes, we're together.
The trending topics went wild.
After Stellar Stage Entertainment's
successful revamp and film release,
Brielle's naysayers had vanished. Now, anyone speaking ill of her risked a virtual lynching. Yet, at this crucial juncture, Brielle
acknowledged the relationship. 
Was it a publicity stunt, or was it genuine love? Any other woman would have bailed by now.
Inside Premier Palace, Max was oblivious to Twitter, wholly indifferent to the outside world. No matter how much public discourse churned, it never reached him.
Ramey, sitting beside him, laid out the next week's agenda with deference.
"Mr. Dorsey, deep hypnosis will erase Ms. Brielle's memory of the pregnancy. We can operate while she's out, and when she wakes up, you just tell her she underwent a different procedure."
"But Mr. Dorsey, are you sure you don't want to discuss it with Ms. Brielle?"
Ramey hadn't been around long, but it was clear they deeply cared for each other.
Without Brielle in the villa, Max didn't hold back, lighting up a rare cigarette. He rarely smoked, only when his nerves were frayed. Before Brielle, he had nothing to fret over.
He leaned back, his voice gravelly as smoke curled around him. "I've tried talking to her. Every time I bring it up, she runs away. Last night, she said she'd be heartbroken, unable to sleep if she lost the baby."
At this point, what was there to discuss? Should he tell her about being drugged with contraceptives for years?
Brielle was already on edge, her
anxiety through the roof. The revelation that these drugs barred
her from carrying a child would send her into a spiral of regret and guilt regret for her years wasted on Dorsey International, guilt for not being more vigilant. Guilt in, guilt out, her world would crumble. 
###Chapter 927
Ramey knew it was set in stone the minute he heard the determination in the voice. "Alright, I'll get started. Thankfully, the recent online drama has Ms. Brielle a bit distracted, so she's not keeping such a close eye on me anymore." Max didn't say a word, lost in his brooding thoughts. Even if Brielle could be hypnotized to forget the child, he knew he never would.
Lately, he felt like he was carrying the world on his shoulders, with the added stress of the upcoming month. The pain in his head was becoming unbearable, a searing ache that seemed to drill into his brain.
Just ten days left. Ten days to make every second count; to take over Dorsey International, and clear any remaining hurdles for her.
In ten days, the child would no longer be an issue, and then he could reach out to the Lynch family, have her return to her life as their cherished little princess.
Max winced from a sharp pain in his head and realized he had let his cigarette burn down to his fingers. He quickly stubbed it out in the ashtray.
His phone had been ringing off the hook with calls from Michael, who, even at this critical juncture, still hoped Max would reconsider and return as CEO of Dorsey International.
"Max, can you survive without the meds? Are you really willing to throw your life away for a Brielle?"
"Just come back, and the CEO position at Dorsey International is still yours. Otherwise, don't blame me for being heartless."
Max pressed his lips together, calmly blocked the number, and headed up to his study.
Downstairs, Ramey was lounging on the living room couch, going through Brielle's information. After a moment's hesitation, he couldn't resist sending it to his cousin.
Barely three minutes had passed when his phone rang.
His cousin, usually the epitome of calm, had a hint of urgency in his voice this time.
"Hey, I'm in Beaconsfield now, dealing with a new case."
"You've lost your mind!" The voice on the other end grew cold, then took a deep breath. "I don't care how much they're paying you, you need to come back now. Don't say I didn't warn you-I don't want to see you end up stuck in Beaconsfield forever."
A flicker of confusion crossed Ramey's eyes. Clearly, his cousin knew something he didn't.
"Cuz, it's not about the money. Mr. Dorsey has been good to me, and Ms. Brielle's situation is urgent."
""You're playing with fire!"
Ramey's eyelashes fluttered down. He wasn't lying-Max truly had good to him, and this was a
compelled to take. Contohe
"If you know something, just tell me."
Silence hung on the other end of the line, and the man didn't reveal anything, just sighed.
"I've given you fair warning. If you're hell-bent on this path, then it's your fate."
"Cuz, was Brielle ever your patient?"
But there was no answer. The call had been disconnected.
Stubbornly, Ramey sent one last text message.
I know you sign NDAs with your clients, but Ms. Brielle's mental state is severe I have to perform deep hypnosis. You know the risks as well as I do. I just need to know, was Ms. Brielle ever your patient? 
The message went unanswered, sinking like a stone into the sea.
Ramey gave up, well aware of his cousin's reputation for being tight-lipped and skilled in his trade.
If Brielle had been his cousin's patient, what kind of psychological issues had she been dealing with?
Staying alert, Ramey waited until Brielle came downstairs before he tried to probe.
"Ms. Brielle, congratulations on Stellar Stage Entertainment's first film doing so well."
ovel
As he spoke, he casually set down his phone, displaying a photo of himself and his cousin on the screen, hoping to gauge her reaction. 
Brielle glanced at the photo but showed no sign of recognition.
Ramey's expression darkened. She didn't know his cousin.
If she had been his patient, undergoing standard psychological treatment, she would surely recognize him. Unless... had she been put through the same kind of deep hypnosis that he was considering for her now? Had Brielle been subjected to deep hypnosis before?
###Chapter 928
If that's the deal, we need to be really careful with this deep hypnosis session. Going through deep hypnosis twice could do more than just mess up someone's mind; it could be a total disaster.
Sitting across from Ramey, Brielle had no clue about the change in his expression. To her, the other guy in the photo was just some random stranger. She didn't remember him and had no intention of digging into someone else's secrets, so she kept quiet. Ramey switched the conversation to a movie, sparking Brielle's interest. A smile lit up her eyes.
Ramey knew she was in a good mood. Finding an excuse, he quickly went upstairs to share his discovery with Max.
Max was in the middle of a meeting, but seeing Ramey come up, he knew it had to be about Brielle and immediately paused the meeting.
Ramey spilled the beans about his cousin and couldn't help but warn Max.
"Mr. Dorsey, if Ms. Brielle was indeed my cousin's patient but doesn't remember him, then what she went through wasn't just regular therapy. It was likely deep hypnosis. If that's the case, another session could be really harmful. I hope you can dig up everything about Ms. Brielle's first hypnosis session. The more we know, the better we can handle the second one, and minimize any harm to her."
Max's face turned serious in an instant, and he stood up, his expression darkening with concern.
"You think she's been under deep hypnosis before?"
"Yes, it's just a guess, no hard proof. I've never met Ms. Brielle before; this is just based on what I know about my cousin. And he's tight-lipped. Even under threat, he wouldn't spill any details about his clients. So don't bother trying to get anything out of him. What I told you is all he'd ever reveal."
Max strode out of the room and, upon reaching the ground floor, saw Brielle smiling at her computer screen. She stood up happily when she saw him coming down.
"Max," she called out, moving closer. "Are you done with your work? Where are you headed?"
It wasn't surprising she asked; Max had been stuck in meetings for days without stepping outside. Meanwhile, Patrick had been running around like he had a million things to do. So seeing Max about to leave was definitely unexpected.
Max paused, opening his arms to pull her into a hug as she approached. Brielle, perhaps unconsciously, leaned more into him.
But Ramey's concerns needed addressing. Max couldn't risk Brielle undergoing deep hypnosis without knowing more. He calmed himself and led Brielle back to the sofa.
"The first movie was a hit, congrats!" he said.
Brielle's eyes sparkled, and her lips curled into a smile. "I never expected the box office to soar like this.. Stellar Stage Entertainment is the talk of the town. We're already planning the next film." 
She shared her excitement with Max, her hand instinctively resting on her belly.
"By the time this baby is born, maybe all the talent at Stellar Stage Entertainment will be stars. This little one truly is my good luck charm."
"Brielle," Max said gently, ruffling her hair. "You know, there are other ways to prevent pregnancy, like vasectomies and IUDs. Maybe I should have gotten a vasectomy."
He'd never let Brielle use an IUD; it
wasn't 100% effective, and the constant irritation in the uterus wasn't good for a woman's health. He'd done his homework and knew that an IUD could rust over time, causing pain. 
Given the choice, Max would take on the burden himself. But he mentioned this now to gauge Brielle's awareness of her own body.
Brielle was strong but also vulnerable. Max wasn't sure how to handle this, afraid any wrong move could hurt her. Yet, he also feared that hiding the truth now would lead to resentment later.
"Max, about the pregnancy, I don't
blame you. We don't need those procedures.. I like you, and having baby is natural. I never thought about pregnancy before, but if the
child's father is you, I'm willing. This
baby isn't a burden; its arrival
actually brings me joy."
It was the first time she openly declared her affection for him and her desire to have their child. Brielle, who had once boldly flirted with him, was actually quite reserved at heart.
Max's heart softened, and he was sure she had no idea about the past procedures on her body. Ramey's suspicion might well be true; Brielle could have undergone deep hypnosis before.
###Chapter 929
### Enhanced Text
Late at night, after Brielle had fallen asleep, Max slipped into the study.
Patrick was already there, waiting, holding a thick folder packed with everything they could dig up on Brielle. Her past, her whereabouts-anything that might give them a lead.
She had spent her early years in an orphanage until she was ten, then was taken in by the Haywoods. Her life after that was a blur of exams and school days, nothing out of the ordinary.
But she was never really free. There were always people watching-Mark from the orphanage and possibly others hiding in the shadows. They wanted to keep her life on a tight leash, making sure Brielle was like a bird trapped in a golden cage in Beaconsfield, never flying free.
She had spent almost her entire life in Beaconsfield, except for a stint abroad as an exchange student during college.
That year abroad came just after she turned eighteen, in her junior year. It was supposed to be just a year, but she stayed for fourteen months.
But the file in front of them was clearly missing pieces.
If Mark had been monitoring Brielle since she was young, erasing some of her tracks would have been a piece of cake.
So even with this report, Max couldn't be sure who might have taken Brielle for that surgery.
Max's eyes lingered on the timeline after Brielle had come of age. A surgery like that would have only been considered if there was a fear of pregnancy.
Brielle was reserved and aloof, not the type to get involved with anyone before reaching adulthood. So, it was clear that this procedure had been done after she turned eighteen.
Fourteen months abroad, and three years at Dorsey International.
The person who had taken her for that surgery had to be from within this timeframe.
And the Dorsey family were the prime suspects.
If it wasn't Michael, then who in the Dorsey clan could it be?
Max's expression was as cold as ice as he slowly set down the file.
"Speed up the acquisition process."
Patrick could feel the rage emanating from Max-it was more intense than before.
"It's already been accelerated. Michael is probably getting restless."
Max didn't respond, just stared at the documents in his hand, his brows furrowed in deep thought.
He could feel a throbbing pain in his head growing more intense with each passing moment, a pain that was becoming unbearable.
"Once the acquisition is complete,
er
head over to DreamTech Designs. They'll have an executive to liaise with you. You't be empowered to act. You've handled DreamTech Designs' affairs before, so you should acclimate quickly. As for Brielle, she and Mason own a company overseas, not a small one either. DreamTech Designs has provided them with considerable support quietly. I'll leave a share transfer letter. I hold forty percent of Dream Tech Designs' shares. Thirty-five percent will go to Brielle, five percent to you. I'll have the lawyers prepare the distribution.
Patrick, treat Brielle as you would me." 
Patrick had been with Max for over a decade, having spent his own youth within the Dorsey household, always at Max's side, his most trusted confidant.
He knew what to do and what not to, keeping tight-lipped about matters Max wished to remain secret.
Max's willingness to give him five percent of Dream Tech Designs' shares-shares of a company worth over a hundred billion-meant Patrick could live a life of luxury for generations.
But the proposed inheritance didn't elicit joy from Patrick; instead, he felt anxiety.
It was as if Max was settling his affairs.
"Boss, I can't accept these shares. I've never been to DreamTech Designs. I've only assisted you with a few online projects. I'm not
familiar with the ins and outs the net
Taking over the reins with Ms. Brielle would only breed discontent among the higher-ups." 
Moreover, Patrick genuinely hadn't known that the projects he was handling came from DreamTech Designs, He knew the boss had
other ventures but hadn't imagined it would be the renowned DreamTech
Designs. 
en FindNovel
"Patrick, Dream Tech Designs is different from Dorsey International," Max said softly, his hand massaging his temple.
"There won't be any dissatisfaction towards you."
Every executive at Dream Tech Designs had been handpicked by Max himself. Even if he handed his shares to a beggar and commanded the beggar to be the CEO, as long as it was his order, no one would . That was the empire Max had built from scratch.
Within Dream Tech Designs, his word was law.
"Boss, Ms. Brielle would certainly prefer you by her side," Patrick said, lowering his head, but he didn't hear a response.
If next month came around and Max couldn't get his medication, his head would explode with pain, and he didn't know what the side effects would be.
Since it was a method of control concocted by Michael, there surely was no alternative but to develop a substitute for the medication.
Max had never cared about his own life or how long he would live. By the time he wanted to care, it was already too late.
"I'll stay with her, but I need a little time."
He'd endure the agony of withdrawal from the medication, ensuring there were no other side effects, then he would stay by her side, forever.
###Chapter 930
"Boss, Ms. Brielle needs you right now."
"I know," Max replied, his voice rough. He gathered the documents, a flicker of pain crossing his features. "But there will be times when I can't be there, Patrick. When that happens, Brielle's word is as good as mine." "Got it," Patrick nodded.
Max massaged his temples and reached for some painkillers. He swallowed one, trying to maintain his usual stoic demeanor, but the throbbing pain was too much to hide.
As time passed, the pain only grew worse.
Two days later.
"Lone Walker" was smashing box office records, dominating online discussions. Those who had mocked Brielle were now eating crow. The movie was outperforming all its competition, with rave reviews hinting at even greater success. This was just the beginning. The online buzz was electric, and Stellar Stage Entertainment was riding high.
Inside Stellar Stage, excitement was at a fever pitch. Employees joked about hanging Brielle's picture on the wall like a trophy.
The aspiring artists, witnessing the film's success, were moved to tears.
They had all endured the rough times at Stellar Stage, and just days ago, they had turned down an offer from Dorsey International. Truth be told, they were scared. With the internet gunning for Stellar Stage, no one knew if the company would make it.
If Stellar Stage collapsed, rejecting Dorsey International would mean being blacklisted everywhere.
They were worried and afraid, but they wanted to follow Brielle's lead, come hell or high water.
Brielle was a leader worth following. Since taking over at Stellar Stage, every decision she'd made was for the artists and staff.
Those young artists with dreams in their hearts wanted to follow their own, right behind her.
Even if the road was tough, even if they stumbled along the way.
But they hadn't expected their loyalty to pay off so quickly.
Stellar Stage had made it. They were on fire.
Ricardo and Aubree, the newbies, had shot to stardom with this movie.
Now, investors were flocking to the company, eager to sign the two for endorsements.
Before, Stellar Stage didn't have the clout to pull this off.
Hope was on the horizon, and with Stellar Stage planning more films, everyone doubled down on their efforts.
Brielle had painted them the most
beautiful picture: everyone had anet
chance to star. Stellar Stage was all about talent, not connections 
"Just focus on honing your craft," she'd say, "leave the rest to the agents at Stellar Stage."
Having a reliable mountain to lean on was a blessing for these young artists.
Stellar Stage was united, taking their cues from Brielle's orders.
Even though Brielle hadn't been to the company these past few days, Stellar Stage was running smoothly.
The higher ups said Brielle was
under
thing weather, so they'd handle themselves rather than el
bother her. 
Everyone at Stellar Stage wished for Brielle to get the rest she needed.
But Brielle, cocooned in the opulence of Premier Palace, was oblivious to the changes at Stellar Stage.
Lately, she'd noticed Max becoming more withdrawn, spending most of his time in the study. Thinking he was just busy, she didn't intrude, instead chatting with Aubree over video call downstairs.
Aubree and Ricardo's fan counts
fe
were still skyrocketing. In just a few days, they'd broken the ten million barrier and were now marching towards fifteen million. 
Aubree felt like she was dreaming. She never imagined that one day she'd be so adored.
Without a doubt, she and Ricardo had hit the big time with this movie.
Their value had skyrocketed to A-list status!
"Bri, I feel like I'm dreaming!" Aubree gushed.
But before she could finish, Brielle's phone chimed.
Brielle had to cut off the video call with Aubree, promising a celebration later, and answered the call. Michael's voice came through.
"Brielle, Max's court date is today. Can you really stand to see him trampled like this?"
There was a certainty in Michael's tone, as if victory was already in his grasp.
"Before the gavel drops, I can offer you one more chance. All you have to do is leave-"
###Chapter 931
Before Michael could even finish his sentence, Brielle had already blocked his number.
In no time, he had been blocked first by Max, now by Brielle. His temper flared, and in a fit of rage, he hurled his phone against the wall.
"Sue him! No mercy! Make sure he rots in jail, and pin the theft of Dorsey International's trade secrets on him too!"
He barked these orders at Antonio and Hudson. Michael was now ready to meet with William, which only widened the smirk on William's face. It was as if the shares he was planning to snatch from Max were already in his grasp. Just as William was about to speak, Michael grabbed a cup and smashed it into his face.
"Useless! Dorsey International is a giant, and you can't even handle Stellar Stage Entertainment. How can I trust you to take over Dorsey International with your capabilities?"
William's face turned pale. Michael held a significant amount of shares, and apart from William, the Dorsey family had a bunch of distant relatives. As for his younger brothers, they weren't even a consideration.
Michael wouldn't be foolish enough to hand over the shares to some distant cousin, would he?
"Father, I admit my mistake. I didn't expect the movie to get such rave reviews."
"Useless!" Michael cursed again, his eyes as deep as the ocean. "Brielle can't be spared."
Michael had been looking for an opportunity to deal with Brielle, but she had become exceptionally cautious, always with two bodyguards.
Damn it.
"Hudson, if you can find a way to get rid of Brielle, I'll share some of my stock with you."
William trembled with excitement upon hearing this. "Father, you can count on me. I'll get it done."
Antonio, standing to the side,
remained silent. Over the years, he had done a lot of Michael's dirty work and knew the man's character well. Until a deal was signed, Michael's words were as reliable as a house of cards. Just like his current promise to William, it was nothing but a blank check. 
Michael was adept at enticing people with empty promises, a tactic Antonio found despicable. But William clearly didn't understand his father well enough. He took the orders and immediately set out to carry them out. 
Sure enough, as soon as William left, Michael shook his head with a look of disdain.
"Hudson doesn't have the talent to be CEO. He hasn't achieved anything significant at Dorsey International over the years. Ashton, compared to him, I have greater faith in you." Antonio pressed his lips together, knowing the old man meant it. After all, the other members of the Dorsey family were hardly fit for the task.
"Grandfather, dealing with Brielle and Max is a simple matter. I've already thought of a plan. Just sit back and watch."
A look of satisfaction crossed Michael's face. After leaving the hospital, Antonio made a call to his men.
William was only thinking of confronting Brielle and Max head-on, but Antonio was smarter. He knew those two were tough nuts to crack, so he targeted their friends instead.
Brielle's friends, Aubree and Tiffanie, were prime targets. Aubree had deep ties with the Clements family and Antonio wouldn't strike at her before securing his position as the next heir of the Dorsey family, He didn't want to burn bridges, so he chose Tiffanie. 
Given Brielle's character, she would never ignore Tiffanie's safety.
The corners of Antonio's mouth curled into a smirk. He immediately ordered Tiffanie's abduction, confident that Brielle would take the bait.
###Chapter 932
Brielle had been holed up at Premier Palace these past few days, keeping a close eye on her film's box office numbers from the comfort of her laptop. With a baby on the way, she found herself drifting off to sleep more often than not, her pregnancy-induced fatigue proving relentless. Deciding to take it easy, she opted to stay put at Premier Palace, her chosen sanctuary for some much-needed prenatal pampering.
Just as she reached for her water glass, her phone buzzed with a new message. The photo that appeared on her screen made her heart skip a beat-it was Tiffanie, bound and gagged.
Tiffanie's eyes were covered with a blindfold, and a gag was crudely shoved into her mouth.
The kidnapper's demands were chillingly simple: Brielle had to come alone if she wanted to see Tiffanie alive. Any attempt to involve others or contact the police would mean certain death for her friend.
Brielle's frown turned into a cold, cynical smile. The kidnapper clearly wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed. Walking into their trap would mean doom for Tiffanie, herself, and her unborn child.
The timing, the method-it all reeked of the Dorsey family's involvement. Despite the dire situation, Brielle's mind worked swiftly, piecing everything together with alarming clarity. Without hesitation, she reached out to Max.
Her concern for Tiffanie was genuine, but her pregnancy made her vulnerable. The smartest move was to let Max handle it.
Max's face darkened as he looked at the photo.
"I'll take care of it. You just focus on resting. And ease up on the screen time; it's bad for your eyes," he advised.
Brielle felt a warm glow in her chest. "I will."
Not one to waste time, especially with Tiffanie's life at stake, Max was out the door in a flash.
Brielle spent the next couple of hours lounging in the opulence of Premier Palace, chatting casually with Ramey until sleepiness set in. She grabbed a nearby pillow and dozed off on the plush sofa.
Little did she know, this was exactly what Ramey had been waiting for.
A hypnotist's skill lay in subtlety-inducing sleep without raising suspicion.
Ramey leaned in close, whispering softly into her ear before beginning his questioning.
"Ms. Brielle, do you know someone named Myles?"
Myles-the name of his cousin.
In her dreamlike state, Brielle felt as though someone was interrogating her.
Myles? Who's that?
Her conscious mind drew a blank, but an inner voice insisted she had heard the name before. But where?
She struggled against the mental fog, her mind seemingly trapped in an airtight vault, a force pushing back against her attempts to remember. 
Her face turned pale, and her lips tightened with stress.
Seeing her distress, Ramey spoke soothingly. "If you can't remember, don't force it. Just relax."
Brielle's expression softened as she sank deeper into sleep.
Ramey retreated to his chair, a deep frown on his face as he jotted down notes. This was just a preliminary test.
He closed his notebook with a sigh
If his cousin had subjected Brielle to deep hypnosis, continuing his
sessions could risk her mentel.
stability. 
Hypnosis was all about embedding commands in the mind-if his instructions. clashed with previous ones implanted in Brielle's psyche, the conflicting directives could mentally tear her apart, leaving her confused and potentially damaged. 
###Chapter 933
Ramey had done everything within his power, and if Max, with all his connections, couldn't figure out why Brielle had undergone hypnosis years ago, then Ramey was truly out of his depth. He could only hope that the orders he had given wouldn't conflict with the deep- seated suggestions his cousin had left behind. Max had been clear: the conscious Brielle would never agree to terminate her pregnancy. Deep hypnosis was the only way.
With only a few days left, he needed to come up with the perfect plan.
When Brielle woke up, she felt completely drained, like she had just run a marathon. A blanket was draped over her, probably Ramey's doing. Despite being young, the new butler cared for her just as Brent had, and she had grown fond of him.
Night had already fallen. She called Max to check on Tiffanie, but there was no answer.
A wave of anxiety hit her, and she couldn't help but get up.
She quickly dialed Patrick's number. He answered, but he had no idea where Max was.
"An hour ago, our team rescued Tiffanie. The boss left on his own, just told me to drive Tiffanie home."
If even Patrick didn't know where Max had gone, Brielle's worry deepened, and she tried calling Max again. Still, no answer.
Patrick was also getting anxious. Max had taken painkillers before leaving, complaining of a headache. Could he have passed out somewhere? With enemies lurking around, what if they found Max?
Once Tiffanie was safe at home, Patrick immediately sent out a search party for Max.
But as time went by, there was no trace of him.
Brielle started scouring the internet for news and found that Dorsey International was dealing with several major project issues. The Dorsey family was in chaos. Max wouldn't go to the Dorsey family; they didn't need him. So where could he be? Why wasn't he answering his phone?
She felt a sharp pain in her stomach, and it began to cramp.
As she rushed to open the living room door, she was relieved to see Max standing there. It had started raining outside, and he stood there without an umbrella, eyes slightly downcast.
Brielle exhaled in relief, moving to hug him, but he gently pushed her away.
"It's cold, don't get too close. Why aren't you wearing shoes?"
Max bent down to pick up a pair of slippers from the entrance hall and placed them at her feet.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes as she bit her lip. "How could you not answer your phone? Patrick didn't know where you were, I was sick." 
She slipped on the slippers, her eyes red and fragile.
Max took off his coat and leaned in to kiss her gently.
Sied
"I went to Beaconsfield College and brought back some snacks."
Since Tiffanie's kidnapping spot was near Beaconsfield College, Max had Patrick take. Tiffanie home while he visited the college himself. He remembered the last time he and Brielle had roamed the campus together and couldn't resist buying some snacks. 
"It was crowded, I lost my phone, couldn't answer your calls. Don't worry so much next time."
Part of Brielle's anxiety was due to her pregnancy, making her emotions more volatile.
Now, seeing the comfort food he brought-chili, pot pies, and pickled snacks-she paused, not expecting Max to ever buy such homely treats.
Lately, she hadn't had much of an appetite, forcing herself to eat, but the aroma now triggered a surge of hunger.
"Tiffanie's alright?"
"Yeah, she didn't even get scared. She's smart; she'll know who did it."
As Brielle took a bite of the chili Max fed her, it melted in her mouth, and her spirits lifted with the flavor.
"Antonio or William? Couldn't these guys come up with something more sophisticated to threaten me?"
Compared to Max, those two were leagues behind. No wonder Michael still hoped for Max to take the reins of Dorsey International.
Michael had probably realized early
on that his own sons weren't cutout
to run the company, which is why he had pushed ten-year-old Max forward, shaping him into his own tool. 
After all, even if Max died, it wouldn't be a loss to him; Max wasn't a Dorsey by blood. He wouldn't even spare a moment of regret.
###Chapter 934
"Brielle."
Max placed the spoon in front of her, giving her lips a gentle tap.
She was daydreaming.
Snapping back to reality, Brielle opened her mouth and took another bite of the silky tofu pudding he had made for her. Back in her school days, she had a soft spot for this kind of comfort food. To Brielle, the purest days were those spent in academia. Max grabbed a napkin and tenderly wiped the corners of her mouth.
"Did you ever feel lonely when you were an exchange student abroad, representing Beaconsfield College?" he asked softly.
Brielle was puzzled by Max's sudden interest in her exchange year. She pondered for a moment before replying with a casual tone.
"Honestly, it wasn't much different from home. Just routine meals, studying various subjects."
"No friends?"
"None."
Max continued feeding her the tofu pudding, finding her straightforward answers quite endearing.
His questions were driven by a need to understand the situation with the IUD. It had to be during the year and two months abroad, or in the three years since she joined Dorsey International. If she had undergone deep hypnosis, surely some memories would linger. But Brielle's responses were too nonchalant, as if her exchange year held no tales worth telling. Her focus now was entirely on the tofu pudding, her taste buds awakened, irresistibly drawn closer to Max.
Wrapping an arm around her waist, he dabbed at her lips once more before standing up.
"I have a meeting soon. You can watch some TV in the meantime."
Brielle nodded.
1.n
Max headed upstairs to his study, closing the door behind him, his expression instantly turning grave Leaning against the door, an excruciating headache gripped him, as if someone were trying to cleave his head open with an axe. 
get
The pain had begun earlier, in Patrick's presence, but he had managed to hide it. After taking a moment in the car, not wanting worry Brielle, he had stopped by Beaconsfield College, picking up some snacks on his way back. That Way, he could tell her he was held up
there. 
His phone wasn't lost, but when the pain struck, his vision blacked out, leaving him without the strength to even answer a call.
Back against the door, sweat
beaded on his forehead. Max felt
blind to the world, the pain so
invasive it robbed him of conte
thought He didn't know how he
mustered the fortitude to appear so calm before Brielle, especially now with her carrying their child; he didn't want her to experience the slightest distress. 
Eyes closed, Max reached for a chair but accidentally knocked a few books off a shelf, creating a thud.
"Max, are you alright?"
Brielle's voice came from outside, concern etched in every word. She had stopped eating and followed him to the study, her hand poised to open the door.
Max's eyes were tinged with red from the pain. It was unbearable. Yet, his voice remained steady, stopping her from entering.
"I'm fine, I'll join you after my meeting."
The subtext was clear: do not disturb for now.
Brielle's hand paused, knowing he had been swamped with non-stop calls lately. "Okay, I'll go watch TV downstairs."
Turning to leave, she remembered to remind him, "Has your meeting started yet? Your coat is wet, and your clothes underneath might be damp too. You should change."
Her words had barely faded when the door swung open. Max stood there, still and quiet, a faint smile on his face, his demeanor as noble as ever.
"Yeah."
###Chapter 935
Under Brielle's watchful gaze, Max slipped into the bedroom to change. When he came back out, he gave her a tender peck on the lips before disappearing into the study. Brielle had no clue about the agony he was hiding; he looked as composed as ever. Feeling reassured, she decided to head downstairs for a video call with Aubree.
In the study, Max sat in front of his computer, not in any meeting. His head throbbed as if a thousand needles were piercing it, and he fought the urge to sweep everything off his desk in a fit of rage. The pain was excruciating, making him want to break something, anything, just to find a bit of relief.
Just then, his phone rang. Brodie was calling. With trembling fingers, Max hesitated before answering. He couldn't find the words to speak, but Brodie seemed to sense his torment and let out a sigh.
"Painkillers never did the trick, did they? You've been at it for years, Max. I've been thinking a lot lately, wondering if you ever have regrets. Because of one phone call from her, you dropped years of planning. If things had gone as planned, maybe you wouldn't be suffering like this. As next month creeps closer, my worry for you grows, and I feel so damn helpless."
Brodie had a knack for pharmacology; he was far from useless. Max tried to speak, to offer some comfort, but no sound came out. Darkness clouded his vision.
Brodie didn't wait for a response, knowing Max was likely in too much pain to talk. Max's father's control was suffocating, timing the medication perfectly-miss it by a minute, and the headaches would be crippling. Max always took his pills in front of Michael, never getting a chance to slip them to Brodie for analysis. On the rare occasions he managed to hide a pill under his tongue, the pain would make him lose consciousness, and he'd end up swallowing it in his confusion. They were all waiting for the next opportunity.
Brodie ended the call, feeling lost. Appeal to his father? In his father's eyes, Max was just an unfeeling tool. Now, with Max having betrayed Dorsey International, his father seemed to take pleasure in his suffering.
Brodie wheeled himself to the
window. Outside, the Dorsey family's bodyguards stood watch. His lab had been destroyed, and he couldn't continue his research. After years with the Dorsey family, Brodie Knew their true nature-mostly devoid of sentiment. The Dorsey family was like a beautiful tapestry; lift it, and you'd find writhing maggots
underneath. 
If Max's father was using such vile tactics against him, Brodie dreaded to think what he'd do if Dorsey International truly hit a crisis. Little did Brodie know, the crisis had already begun. Recently, a mass exodus of executives had occurred, with many employees fleeing.
Dorsey International's public claims
of an imminent entertainment
industry takeover and the launch of two major talent shows were met with enthusiasm in the media but fell flat in reality. Now, their biggest overseas projects were floundering, leaving the few remaining
executives scrambling.
Even William's lips quivered with anxiety. Dorsey International had lost too many people too quickly, making it impossible to hire fast enough to fill the gaps, let alone hand over responsibilities smoothly.
William's forehead was slick with
sweat as he watched the
plummeting numbers on his
computer screen, his face changing color by the second. He had been at the helm of Dorsey International for less than two weeks, and it was alteady falling apart. If his father found out... 
Damn it! When Max was in charge, everything seemed so effortless. Why was it that under his own leadership, it was one disaster after another?
There was a knock at the door, and the new assistant walked in. "Mr. Dorsey, we've got news from overseas-our major projects have been blocked. The board members are restless, and some have even started selling their shares." William's eyes widened in shock. Selling shares? If outsiders bought them up, wouldn't Dorsey International be at risk of a hostile takeover?
###Chapter 936
"By the way, Mr. Dorsey, the remaining execs just handed in their resignation letters," the assistant said, feeling a chill run down his spine under William's piercing gaze. It was like the man wanted to eat him alive. But really, what did that have to do with him? It wasn't his fault everyone was fed up with William.
Back when Max ran Dorsey International, he commanded respect. Just one look from him, and you knew not to mess around. His authority was undeniable.
William, though, was a different story. He was all about building alliances and playing favorites. It was either you're with him, or you're out.
A workplace should be about finding common ground despite differences. But under William's leadership, only the suck-ups thrived. Those who figured out his game had already started kissing up to him like crazy. Now, the remaining staff at Dorsey International were just a bunch of brown-nosers with zero real skills.
"Damn it! A bunch of useless twits! Get HR on the line and tell them to hire new people ASAP. With the salaries we offer, I refuse to believe we can't find anyone willing to join!" William barked.
The assistant hesitated, eyes downcast. "We've got plenty of new hires, but they don't know the ropes yet. They need time to get settled and work well with the team. And more importantly, Mr. Dorsey, we've got major issues with our overseas projects. We need to send people out, but we're already stretched thin."
It was a humiliating admission for a company of Dorsey International's stature.
William's eyes narrowed as he slumped back into his chair, wondering how it had all gone so wrong.
His lips trembled as he noticed a pop-up message from Stellar Stage Entertainment on his screen. Every media outlet was raving about their latest movie's success, estimating profits well over a hundred times their investment. The film's budget was in the tens of millions, but it was smashing box office records daily. Plus, it had turned Aubree and Ricardo into overnight sensations, with international luxury brands now lining up for endorsements.
Their striking looks were undeniable assets. If Stellar Stage Entertainment played its cards right, they had two veritable gold mines on their hands.
"Damn it all!" William cursed, hurling his laptop to the floor. Was he really going to have to go overseas himself?
But the old man's stance was unclear. He'd promised shares, but William hadn't seen a dime. If the patriarch found out about the mess he'd made of Dorsey International, William wouldn't just lose his chance at those shares-he'd likely be kicked out of the Dorsey family altogether.
No, he couldn't let things spiral any further.
Then there was the matter of Brielle. William hadn't made any headway, and while he considered targeting Stellar Stage Entertainment, they were untouchable thanks to their recent hit. Going after Brielle personally was a no-go; she'd barely stepped outside lately. He took a deep breath just as Antonio walked in.
A flicker of cunning crossed William's eyes-maybe he could pin recent failures on his son.
"Ashton, you've been visiting your grandfather again. What did he say?" William asked.
William coveted the CEO seat, and Antonio was his most likely rival.
"Grandpa wants to see the company's recent performance."
That was a sore spot for William!
With Dorsey International in chaos, he couldn't possibly present an impressive report to the old man.
William's eyes gleamed with malice he wouldn't allow his position to be threatened.
If the old man was dissatisfied with him, getting rid of him seemed like the logical solution. That way, the shares would fall to him as the primary heir.
His heart raced with excitement-he didn't need to listen to a man with one foot in the grave.
"You've been cozying up to your grandfather lately," William remarked.
Antonio knew William was suspicious. He lowered his head "Father our priority should be to sort out Dorsey International's issues. If we can't make it to court, the case with Max will drag on." 
But clearly, they were too swamped to appear in court.
William rubbed his temples, not bothering to hide his ambition.
"Dorsey International is a mess. If Grandpa finds out, we're both in hot water. Ashton, Grandpa's too old to get involved in the business. Instead of worrying about being kicked out of the Dorsey family, we should strike first. We'll split his shares." 
Antonio almost laughed. This man was truly the patriarch's protégé, skilled at making empty promises.
Antonio knew all too well that if he
did the dirty work and took care of Michael, he'd be the next in line for prison. That would leave William to reap the benefits. 
###Chapter 937
He really knows how to play his cards right.
Antonio's brooding face showed no hint of emotion as he nodded, signaling he'd handle it. William pulled out a tin of tea leaves from his desk drawer.
"This was meant for Max. Your grandpa loves his tea. Have his caregiver brew this special blend, and in a month, he'll be gone."
William's voice trembled with excitement. Antonio took the tin, a flicker of understanding in his eyes. "Got it, Dad."
"Your grandpa sees you the most; you're in the perfect position to act, Ashton. Once Dorsey International is firmly in our hands, no one will threaten us again. And as for Stellar Stage Entertainment, making all that noise, we'll just buy them out once we have enough talent.' Antonio kept a respectful facade as he held the tea and left. Outside the Dorsey International building, he sneered at the tin before splitting a portion of the leaves to give to William's attendant.
William was the real failure, running Dorsey International into the ground so quickly. But no matter, once William and Michael were out of the way, Antonio planned to restore the company to its former glory under his leadership. As for Max, without his medicine, how long could he last?
Antonio's plan to kidnap Tiffanie the night before was just to show loyalty to the old man. If it had worked, his standing with Grandpa would have soared. If it failed, the old man would resent Max for meddling, leaving Antonio clean. After all, it was Max who was sent to rescue Tiffanie, not Antonio.
Michael and William thought of him as an easy target, never imagining he had his own agenda. He had long arranged for Alivia to go abroad. Now, Alivia had the Dorsey matriarch, Desiree, wrapped around her finger, almost like a granddaughter. So, when he took over the Dorsey family, even if it was in ruins, he could use Alivia to pull resources from the Lynch family and bring the Dorsey family back to life.
Then, he'd be the CEO, and Michael and William would just be obstacles out of his way.
Antonio didn't regret his alliance with the mysterious benefactor. Without his help, he'd never have gotten close to the Lynch family.
The benefactor wanted to deal with Max and change the leadership at Dorsey International. Their goals lined up perfectly, which was great for Antonio.
Though the benefactor wore a mask, hiding his face, he seemed to have a particular disdain for Max, always looking for ways to eliminate him. This was good news for Antonio.
Now, with Max's reputation in shambles, Antonio didn't need to do anything. The benefactor would surely make move against him soon.
Antonio just needed to remove the other obstacles in the Dorsey family.
So, not only Michael should enjoy the tea, but William should have his share too.
The sooner both of them took their express trip to hell, the better!
But William, blissfully unaware of his son's scheming, eagerly awaited Michael's demise.
Brielle tried to suppress her nausea as she faced Aubree.
Her reaction was particularly strong today, but Aubree had come to the Premier Palace, insisting on a celebration.
Already a rising star, Aubree was extra careful with her appearance, now even employing bodyguards arranged by Stellar Stage
Entertainment. Since Brielle ha net
access to her brother's credit cards, money was no , and she
spared no expense to support Stellar
Stage Entertainment.
After all, Stellar Stage Entertainment was entirely her company, with full ownership. Investing in it meant all profits came back to her.
"Bri!"
Aubree had been excited for days and now, seeing Brielle, she couldn't hold back and hugged her.
But Brielle turned pale, pushing her away and rushing to the restroom to be sick.
Aubree's brow furrowed at the
intensity of Brielle's reaction.
Pregnancy affected women
differently; some had no symptoms, while others, like Brielle, suffered terribly. 
en FindNovel
"Bri, I think Max is right. If your health doesn't allow it, maybe it's best to consider..." "I disagree!"
Brielle was fiercely protective when it came to her child. She looked into the mirror, pale and vulnerable, told him no. Whatever he says, I disagree." 
###Chapter 938
Aubree had always been Brielle's rock, the Thelma to her Louise, and yet even her words couldn't sway Brielle's resolve.
With a sigh, Aubree patted her friend's back and handed her a bottle of water. "Here, rinse your mouth."
Brielle's reaction had been severe; she'd been retching until her eyes turned red. After rinsing, she finally managed to straighten up.
Aubree's heart ached at the sight, but she couldn't ignore the fact that Brielle had lost a noticeable amount of weight.
Why was this happening? Aubree had seen other pregnant women before, but Brielle's reaction was by far the most intense and her weight loss the most rapid. Could it be that Brielle's body just wasn't cut out for pregnancy? "Bri, let's have you sit down for a bit," Aubree suggested gently.
She helped Brielle back to the couch where they dove into the future plans of Stellar Stage Entertainment. Brielle even mapped out Aubree's work schedule, lining up movie roles to keep her busy till next year.
But Aubree could see that Brielle was more worried about her and Ricardo than herself. Otherwise, she wouldn't have lost so much weight.
"Have you been skipping meals? You've slimmed down too much," Aubree asked with concern.
Brielle touched her own cheek, unaware of her gaunt appearance. The stress had been eating at her, especially during the first few days after Ramey moved into the villa. Brielle would wake up to the slightest noise, instinctively protecting her belly. The more Brielle tensed up, the harder it became for Max to discuss their child's future. Today, he'd sent Aubree as his emissary.
He was the father, Brielle's partner. There were things Brielle might struggle to tell him, but Aubree was her confidante, her sounding board.
After chatting about Stellar Stage Entertainment and confirming her own plans, Aubree glanced at Brielle's belly.
"Has Max told you his thoughts? Is he leaning towards keeping the baby or not?"
Brielle's lips curved into a faint smile as she looked down at her stomach. "He's come around. He knows how much this baby means to me; he wouldn't do anything to hurt me."
In her eyes, Max was flawless.
Aubree fell silent. As a friend, she supported Brielle, but she couldn't ignore the alarming weight loss or the decline in her spirit. The thought of the ordeal Brielle would face when it was time to deliver was torturous. What if she couldn't make it through? 
Aubree bit her lip, suddenly understanding Max's dilemma. As someone who cared deeply for Brielle, seeing her weaken with each passing day was heart-wrenching. Max wasn't indifferent to the child; he simply prioritized a healthy Brielle. 
"Bri, have you considered how hard it is for Max to watch you grow weaker every day?" Aubree finally said. "His pain might be even greater than yours."
Brielle's expression tightened, a flash of pain crossing her eyes, as if every bone in her body ached. But what could she do?
"Bri, maybe we should-" Aubree remembered the reason she was there, yet she hesitated to continue.
"No," Brielle interrupted, her pupils contracting as her hand clutched the fabric over her belly tightly. "Aubree, when I thought I'd lost the baby, I cried staring at the stark white ceiling. That pain felt like my heart
е being ripped out. I keep having dreams where I abandon the baby, and it cries so much it pains my chest. And yet, I want this baby so much. Why would I have such dreams? It's like a reminder, or even
a plea from the baby, begging me to keep it." 
Aubree knew that pressing the issue would make her the villain. They moved on to other topics and, when she left the grand doors of Premier Palace, she found Max waiting outside.
Leaning against his car, with a cigarette between his fingers and a distant gaze, Max had told Aubree to come and had pretended to have errands, partly because of his sporadic headaches and partly to give Brielle space to talk freely.
Aubree noticed several cigarette butts on the ground, surprised to see Max smoking for the first time. It wasn't until the cigarette burned down to his fingers that he flicked it away.
He hadn't been smoking-he was just waiting for it to burn out, silently contemplating the weight of the situation.
###Chapter 939
Aubree was spot on-Max was in agony.
On one hand, he was terrified that if Brielle found out he had decided to terminate the pregnancy without her input, she would despise him. On the other, he dreaded revealing the truth now, worried it would shatter her already fragile state of mind. He was stuck between a rock and a hard place, every decision feeling like stepping into a minefield. To top it off, his migraines made each day an ordeal of tearing pain.
"Mr. Dorsey, Bri just went public with your relationship on Twitter. Don't you think you should acknowledge it?"
Max, about to massage his temple, paused at those words, his brow furrowing-clearly, this was news to him. Aubree looked surprised. The internet was buzzing with the news, and Max hadn't heard a whisper of it? "Because you haven't responded publicly, some folks are saying Brielle's practically throwing herself at you."
Online commenters could be relentless, dissecting Brielle's every move. After all, Brielle's success was soaring-tied to the meteoric rise of Stellar Stage Entertainment. As the company reached new heights, so did she. Her detractors scrutinized her life through a magnifying glass, eager to pinpoint any flaw they could exploit. Before, people admired her for rejecting Max's advances. Now, with Max's star waning, Brielle's sudden public acknowledgment had the rumor mill spinning-was she being too forward? "I don't have Twitter."
His voice was nonchalant, but as he finished speaking, he pulled out his phone. Aubree raised an eyebrow, puzzled.
"But Bri's only tweeted a few times, and one of those interactions was with you, right?"
Max genuinely wasn't into social media. Patrick had tried to show him the ropes once, and now he only just managed to send emojis in chats with Brielle. As for Twitter, he scrolled through the few apps on his phone, which were mostly just the standard ones that came with the system, plus WhatsApp, which he used to talk to Brielle. His WhatsApp contacts were limited, his digital footprint minimal.
"Mr. Dorsey, I was just speaking off the cuff. Bri is adamantly opposed to discussing the child. I can't get through to her. I've never seen her so fixated on something. I doubt you could either. We should consider other options."
Her tone grew somber. "She's lost a lot of weight."
Max froze at her words. Only he, who had been by Brielle's side daily, knew the agony of watching someone you love waste away. Every additional day with the child was a burden on Brielle's health. Now that even Aubree noticed, Max knew he had to make a decision. Deep hypnosis seemed to be the
only viable solution. 
"Yeah."
He lowered his lashes, redownloading Twitter.
After Aubree left, Max returned to Premier Palace. Entering the living room, he found Brielle lost in thought on the sofa. Every step Max took felt like treading on a knife-edge, and there were moments he felt he might collapse under the pain. Yet, he approached Brielle. "Aubree came to see you, didn't she cheer you up? I hear she's quite the sensation now."
At the mention of Aubree, Brielle's gloom lifted. She eagerly grabbed her phone and scrolled through Twitter to show Max Aubree's follower count.
"Look, she's got fifteen million followers now. Impressive, right?"
Her voice was filled with pride. "And Ricardo, his following is growing fast too. Remember when Aubree and Keiran were paired up for a while? His followers shot up by millions. Ricardo had no fan base to start with, but now he's at thirteen million, with luxury brands lining up for endorsements." 
Brielle could go on forever about the friends she had helped rise to fame. A flush of excitement colored her pale cheeks. Max wrapped his arms around her. "Aubree said you gave me a title on Twitter?"
Brielle tensed. She had impulsively tweeted after the movie's box office success, unable to bear the criticism aimed at Max. She hadn't told Max not expecting Aubree to spill the beans Max didn't use Twitter, so as long as she kept quiet, he would never find out-Patrick certainly wouldn't bother him with such trivial matters. 
"Brielle, I'm really happy."
The joy that welled up from within him, for a moment, overshadowed the pain in his head.
###Chapter 940
Ten days until the next dose of meds, and the pain was already unbearable. Ethan knew it would only get worse as the days dragged on.
He pulled Brielle close, resting his chin on her shoulder from behind, watching as she kept scrolling through Twitter, occasionally tossing out comments about some celebrity.
"Remember when Keiran signed up for Twitter? He practically crashed the app with all his followers. Dude's on fire. Now he's making movies. That flick's gonna sweep the awards."
Ethan squinted slightly and extended a finger to swipe across her phone screen, stopping on a tweet Brielle had posted in a moment of boldness. Now, with Ethan's eyes on it, she felt a twinge of embarrassment.
But with over three hundred thousand comments, deleting it would only stir up more drama, with accusations of lying and such.
Ethan chuckled at the post.
Right in front of Brielle, he whipped out his own phone. The app was re-downloaded, but he had to fiddle with identity verification. A minute wasted, and he was logged in.
His sole follow was still Brielle.
Ethan didn't quite get the hang of Twitter. He tapped into Brielle's profile, found the tweet, and left his mark-a single rose emoji.
But that didn't seem enough. He retweeted it with three words: "My girlfriend" followed by two more roses.
Brielle, watching his clumsy attempt, felt a mix of amusement and sympathy. He wasn't one for social media, not even bothering with a proper username just a jumble of characters-and yet, he'd downloaded this app repeatedly for her sake. "Want me to get you verified? Let everyone know it's really you?" she teased.
Patrick had suggested that before, but Ethan had no such desire. If he had something to say, he'd say it to Brielle alone. Why broadcast their private life?
But considering Brielle had openly acknowledged their relationship-something she'd previously hidden-Ethan thought, why not let the public see? Verification, though, could wait.
Brielle scrolled through her mountain of comments, found Ethan's, and replied with a kiss emoji.
Her response catapulted that obscure account to the top.
Task done, they moved on. Ethan set the phone aside and carried Brielle upstairs. Her phone remained downstairs as they lay in bed, oblivious to the online tempest brewing. Especially when nosy netizens dug into that no-name account and saw the "My girlfriend" post, the comments blew up.
"Who's this creepy dude? Thinks he's Max because she sent an emoji?"
"Hilarious. Delusional much? Get help, not sympathy online."
"If Brielle knew her emoji made some guy behind the screen daydream, she'd want to chop off that hand."
"Wants her to be his girlfriend? Try showing some serious intent with five million first."
"Five million? Looks like the sort who'd keel over at a fifty-thousand dowry!"
Ethan's comment, pushed to the forefront by the ongoing chatter, combined with the movie's buzz and Brielle's active Twitter, became a prime target for trolls. In no
ve, his
tweet was buried under ten thousand mocking replies. 
Brielle thought Ethan had brought her to the bedroom for some adult time. But that wasn't his plan. No sooner had he held her close than his phone rang. Lately, Brielle had grown weary of that ringtone the calls were incessant. 
Ethan's eyes cleared as he answered, "What did you say?"
Whatever was said on the other end, he was up in a flash, "I'll be right there."
Turning to Brielle, he kissed her forehead gently. "You get some sleep. I need to step out."
Brielle said nothing, her eyes downcast in disappointment. Ethan was in a hurry and didn't see her expression.
After a silent moment on the bed,
Brielle got up, grabbed her coat, and
decided to follow him. But Ethan was too quick; by the time she reached the bedroom door, she heard the front door of the living room close. 
###Chapter 941
Max strode towards the car, his face a mask of grim determination. By the time they reached the hotel, his expression had darkened even more.
The banquet inside had just wrapped up, leaving the air heavy with the scent of fine wine and lingering laughter. Max stepped into the elevator and headed straight to the top floor. The smell of alcohol was even stronger there. Unlike most penthouse suites designed for relaxation, this one was a lavish bar meant for high-end revelry. Tonight, though, there wasn't any booming music-just the low murmur of the city's elite indulging in their private playground. Only four people were there.
Victoria was one, Everett another, and then there was Tiffanie, cruelly chained by the neck. The last person was the weasel-faced CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises.
Max could hardly believe what he was seeing. What kind of mother would do this to her own daughter? Sure, Tiffanie may not have had the best start in life, but to leash her like a dog? It was beyond comprehension.
Max's demeanor was icy, but he kept his rage in check; he rarely let it show. Instead, he fixed Victoria with a calm, piercing gaze.
"What are you doing here?" she demanded.
Victoria trembled with fear. How had Max found out about this? Then she remembered that he was no longer the president of Dorsey International. He had no ties to the Dorsey clan anymore and might even face prison because of their influence. She lifted her chin defiantly, but her past fears of Max made it impossible to feel at ease around him.
Everett, seated nearby, had been dragged here by Victoria with the promise of some entertaining spectacle. Tiffanie was barely dressed, and with the spring chill in the air, her outfit was as good as nothing.
Max had no desire to talk to Victoria. Instead, he turned to the men who had come with him. "Unchain her," he ordered.
What kind of message did this send, treating Tiffanie no better than a dog offered to this man?
The hotel's security guards, who had accompanied him, moved to free Tiffanie without hesitation. But the lock around her neck needed a key, and the other end of the chain was anchored at the feet of the Blue Nebula Enterprises CEO.
Victoria realized, seeing Max's assertive entrance, that Tiffanie must have sought help and tipped him off. When Max was still the head of Dorsey International, he had rescued Tiffanie before. Back then, Victoria wouldn't dare cross Max and would reluctantly let her daughter go. 
But things were different now.
She snorted coldly and pointed towards the door. "This is a Dorsey family matter. It's none of your business. Please leave." She didn't dare say "get out."
Everett, sitting not far from her, had a faint smile on his face, clearly enjoying the upcoming showdown.
Max ignored Victoria, his eyes locking onto the CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises. With just one look, the man started to sweat. They had crossed paths before, but now, with Max's reputation sky-high online, why should he be intimidated?
"Max," he said, switching from the formal "Mr. Dorsey" to a more casual address. "As you can see, this has nothing to do with me. Miss Dorsey herself wants to give her daughter to me" 
Everyone knew the CEO's dark tendencies. His wives had died one after another, all broken by his cruelty. He chose wives without
wealth or influence, knowing that if
they died, a simple payout would
silence any complaints.
His illegitimate children were many, yet he maintained the facade of a mourning bachelor, while no one in the social elite wanted their kin to be associated with him. Yet, there was no denying the power of Blue Nebula Enterprises.
Victoria's intentions were clear. She wanted to use Blue Nebula to boost her standing within the Dorsey family by offering Tiffanie in such a degrading, ruthless way. And there sat her supposed father, Everett, watching the drama unfold with a perverse interest.
###Chapter 942
Max's patience was wearing thin as he stared down at Victoria. "The key. Don't make me ask again."
Victoria almost laughed at Max's audacity. What made him think he could boss her around? He was a nobody now! But before she could snap back, a group of bodyguards stormed in, pinning her to the ground and starting a search. Everett stood by, silent, his eyes locked intensely on Max.
The CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises had started to protest but, seeing the well-trained bodyguards, forced a fake smile. "Max, aren't you worried I'll make you pay once I leave? This toy was hard to find, and I must admit, I quite like her. She's young and, as Miss Howell said, pretty tough."
Tiffanie shivered on the floor, hugging her knees, not daring to meet anyone's eyes, staring blankly at her feet.
Her shoes were long gone. Upon arrival, the CEO had insisted on inspecting her, stripping her bare in front of Victoria and Everett.
Tiffanie knew she should have fought back, but she also knew it was pointless unless she was willing to give up her tainted flesh and blood. If fighting back ever worked, she wouldn't have endured this hell for so long.
She should never have been born, always tainted, so it didn't matter how she was treated. Yet, when the chain wrapped around her neck, a rare flicker of dignity surfaced.
She was human, after all. Why did they treat her like a dog?
Help.
She wanted to escape, anyone could do, just get her out of this filthy cage.
Maxie... Mason...
Max's arrival had sparked a second of hope, quickly followed by crushing embarrassment. He had seen her like this.
Seen by the distinguished, aloof, icy Max.
Tiffanie wished she could bury her head in the ground, but the cold metal on her neck reminded her she couldn't escape; she had to face this.
The CEO was right; she was resilient, toughened by beatings from a young age. Even with one breath left, she could heal and bounce back. Her body, conditioned from childhood, perfectly fit the CEO's twisted tastes. As he said, she could be "played with" for a long time. 
Tiffanie kept her head down, too afraid to look at Max.
But after the CEO's vile remark, the bodyguards had flipped him over, a swift chop knocking him out cold.
Victoria, seeing Max's decisive action, trembled in fear. "Max, are you insane? That's the CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises! When he wakes up, he'll come after you!" Pinned to the floor, her keys fell from her bag.
Ignoring Victoria, the bodyguards handed the keys to Max.
Instead of unlocking Tiffanie himself, Max tossed the keys, landing them right by her feet.
Tiffanie's toes curled, and she remained motionless, head bowed.
"Unlock yourself," Max said coldly, not looking at her.
Tiffanie was still bewildered, unsure how she had ended up calling Maxie in her muddled state. Hadn't she grown used to her miserable life? She was like mud, beyond caring how she was trampled. But why had she called Maxie? 
Staring at the key before her, she couldn't believe that deep down, she had hoped for a savior. "Tiffanie, unlock yourself," Max urged, not wanting to waste more time here.
Had Tiffanie's voice not been tinged with sobbing and frantic despair, he wouldn't have bothered to come. He knew all too well how the Wall Street tycoons tamed their pets, crushing their pride and dignity until they followed their masters, spineless and obedient. 
He had always watched such practices with detachment, never imagining that Tiffanie would one day be subjected to such treatment. And Tiffanie, it seemed, was on the brink of being broken.
###Chapter 943
Tiffanie reached out for the key, but her trembling fingers hesitated and pulled back in fear before she could grasp it. Tonight, her arms were bare, her usual tattoos hidden, and her earrings were gone, leaving her looking innocent and vulnerable. This was the look the
CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises favored, and it was clear Victoria had prepared her well.
Max slowly bent down, picked up the key, and placed it gently in her palm.
"Unlock it yourself," he said.
If she didn't take this step, she'd keep ending up in situations like this. He could save her once, but no one could save a person who didn't want to save themselves.
Tiffanie had been drifting through life aimlessly, spending money, pampering male celebrities, and returning home to face abuse. Her days were filled with emptiness.
To her, the world was meaningless. Only when she asked Max for money did she feel cared for.
The Dorsey family was cold-hearted, and she only felt a tiny bit of warmth when she was far from Max.
So, she clung to that small warmth, pushing her luck and asking for more money.
And Max indulged her. She felt a slight sense of salvation, especially after meeting Brielle.
Her first conversation with Brielle was a revelation. Brielle hit the nail on the head: Tiffanie was desperate for love.
Even knowing she was seen as a lowlife, a second-rate person, she still hoped for a man to love her.
Yet, everything she did made her unlovable. Her reputation was in ruins; her attire, way too provocative.
With no one loving her, she used it as an excuse for her lack of affection.
Because of her outrageous dress, it was normal for people to dislike her.
Because of her bad reputation, it was normal not to be liked.
It was like a self-conscious overweight girl afraid to diet because she comforted herself that her weight was the only reason she was unattractive. But if she lost the weight and was still unattractive, that would be a real blow to her self-esteem. The girl would realize that it had nothing to do with her weight; she simply wasn't attractive.
Tiffanie's mindset was similar, so she hid behind her extravagant fa?ade telling herself it was her appearance that deprived her of love, not that she was inherently unlovable. 
But the cruel truth was that she was born into filth and grew up in disgust.
When she was still naive, Victoria almost cruelly made her realize how dirty the blood running through her veins was.
With such a beginning, what was there to struggle for, to hope for?
So, no matter what Victoria did to her, she never fiercely resisted.
Victoria was her mother, and since childhood, all Tiffanie wanted was
a
for her mother to give and Ond
glance. When she fell and cried,
showing her bleeding arm to
Victoria, the response was never sympathy, but a cruel laugh. 
Victoria would even tear the bleeding wounds wider, cursing her and the men who had defiled her.
From the moment a person becomes conscious, the desire for something becomes an obsession, a shameful hope that shuns the light of the sun.
Tiffanie craved her mother's love, but what she always received was a beating, and she was that beaten dog.
How tragic and twisted was this longing.
Until today, until Victoria brought her here, stripped bare and examined like merchandise, Tiffanie sadly felt that her desire hadn't faded. Was this resignation what would make Victoria happy? 
Would Victoria's life, burdened by her, find a fleeting moment of light?
So, she really didn't know when she had called Max.
She even forgot what she said on the phone.
Now, the key lay in her palm, placed there by Max, but her hand still trembled pathetically.
###Chapter 944
Max crouched down in front of her, his movements smooth and practiced as he shrugged off his tailored suit jacket and draped it over her shoulders. "Take it off, I'll have someone take you home," he said, leaving no room for discussion.
With that, Max rose to his feet and signaled to his bodyguards to clear the room of everyone else, including Everett, who had been enjoying the spectacle. Everett didn't wait for the bodyguards to throw him out; he stood up on his own, a sneer twisting his features as he looked down at Tiffanie.
"Never thought someone would come to rescue such a mess," he taunted.
Max heard the comment and shot Everett a look that drained the color from his face. Snuffing out Everett's life would be as easy as stepping on an ant. There was no need for further provocation, so with a derisive snort, Everett left.
Victoria, still pinned to the floor, became frantic as she saw Everett leave.
"Everett, Everett, wait for me! I want to go with you," she begged, struggling against the bodyguard's grip, desperate to follow him.
But the bodyguard was immovable, twisting her arms behind her and pressing her down.
Her desperation peaked as Everett walked away, and in a wild move, she bit down hard on the bodyguard's hand.
Caught off guard by her sudden ferocity, the bodyguard winced and withdrew his hand, giving Victoria the chance to scramble to her feet and chase after Everett.
Everett, seeing her pathetic chase, was at a loss for words-disgusted, amused, and disgusted again.
Victoria clung to him, entwining her arms with his.
"Let's leave together, don't leave me behind, please."
Everett pressed his lips together tightly, at a loss for insults. He had hurled every conceivable insult over the years, but Victoria would only sulk momentarily before clinging to him again, like a bad penny.
"You're insufferable, you know that? When will you tire of this? Didn't Michael say you'd set me free once you were sick of me?"
Victoria reeled at his words, her eyes wide in disbelief.
"Tired of me?"
"So you still want to go back to that tramp? Everett, have you no conscience? I've been with you for years! And you still chase after that trash. She must be dead by now; you've never found her. Haven't you ever suspected that she died along with the bastard in her belly?" The slap that followed rang out sharply.
Everett had thought he couldn't be angered anymore, that he was numb to it all, but her words ignited a fierce desire to strangle Victoria.
Her head snapped to the side, but instead of pain, a twisted smile crept onto her face.
"I'm telling the truth. She's dead, you never found her, but I did. There was nothing left of her. Stop hoping and just stay with me. I'll never tire of you we'll be together forever, won't we?" 
Her voice softened on the last few words.
IMS
Everett felt his skin crawl, his scalp tingle, and he lowered his eyelashes in defeat.
"Let go."
"Everett, are you broke? Once we marry off our daughter, my brother will surely give me a substantial sum." She was referring to William.
The irony wasn't lost on Everett.
Even an outsider could see that William was exceedingly selfish and would never allow anyone to benefit from him at his expense. It was apparent now that Victoria's sudden urge to marry Tiffanie off to the CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises was instigated by William's
machinations. 
Everett ignored her, knowing reasoning with her was futile.
Meanwhile, Tiffanie, shaking, finally managed to bring the key to the collar around her neck.
It took a long while, but Max remained standing by the floor-to-ceiling window, his back turned, giving her no attention. "Click."
The collar unlocked, and the silver chain fell to the floor.
Tiffanie clutched the jacket tighter around her and unsteadily rose to her feet.
"Maxie, I'm sorry for the trouble," she said, her voice quivering with the effort to hold back tears that refused to come.
Max frowned and said in a cold tone, "I'm sending you abroad."
He meant for her to work at DreamTech Designs or to further her education at a university overseas-anywhere was better than staying stuck in the quagmire of the Dorsey family.
Tiffanie knew what he meant by
'abroad': never returning to Beaconsfield. But she didn't
immediately agree. With her identity, her tainted bloodline, her nightmares would follow her, no matter where she went. She could flee in body, but her soul would remain trapped here. 
"Brielle and Mason have companies overseas. Go there and work with Mason," he stated indifferently, leaving no room for argument.
Tiffanie's knuckles whitened as she realized that he knew all along about that company, about her and Mason's entanglements. He had seen everything, yet had said nothing.
###Chapter 945
"Maxie, I just don't dig Mason."
Tiffanie's face was flat as she mentioned Mason. That one night with him didn't leave any sort of mark; the best she could say was that he was a decent guy. "So, you wanna stick around with Victoria?"
Max's tone was casual, not at all surprised by Tiffanie's choice. To be honest, she never really had a choice all these years, so she never knew what she truly wanted. Tiffanie stayed silent, clutching the blazer around her tighter.
Max wasn't the type to play the hero, pulling people out of their messes. If Tiffanie wouldn't make a choice for herself, no one could save her.
If Max hadn't shown up tonight, Tiffanie would never have the chance to turn her life around. Given her nature, she'd probably let the CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises walk all over her until it broke her spirit, without a hint of resistance. "Tiffanie, I don't want you calling me again. I'll sort out the overseas arrangements; you just have to go along with it."
Max had his own issues to deal with; he needed to get back to Brielle.
Tiffanie stood still, soon to be left alone.
A few minutes later, someone came to fetch her, saying her flight was booked and she had nothing back home to pack. Max wanted her out of the country tonight, with three hours until takeoff.
This departure might mean she'd hardly ever come back.
Instead of feeling liberated, Tiffanie felt lost. At the bodyguard's urging, she couldn't help herself and dialed Victoria's number.
Victoria, her mother, was a whirlwind of madness, paranoia, vanity, and pretension, without a single redeeming quality. Yet as Tiffanie prepared to flee the bitter sea that was the Dorsey family, she couldn't resist the urge to take her along. But Victoria didn't pick up right away. It took three calls before she answered, and she started cursing the moment she did.
Once she tired of hurling insults, Tiffanie asked, "How about a vacation abroad?"
She chose the word "vacation" rather than "stay abroad forever."
As expected, Victoria unleashed another tirade.
Victoria's eyes were set on Everett. Right now, he was sticking around only because of the Dorsey family's clout. If they went abroad, with the emperor far away, wouldn't Everett feel free to chase after his first love? 
Victoria would never allow such a thing. So to her, Tiffanie's offer to leave the country was nothing but a ruse.
Exhausted from the rant and without giving Tiffanie a chance to speak, Victoria instructed her to cozy up to the CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises before hanging up.
Tiffanie chuckled at the silence on the other end of the phone, knowing all too well this would be the outcome.
Her eyes reddened as she fought back tears, calling her friends in Beaconsfield.
To outsiders, Tiffanie was a free spirit. She had friends in all walks of life, though many were the type others would deem unsavory.
After saying her goodbyes, she was ready to board the plane.
The bodyguard shadowing her ensured she didn't run.
Max was determined to get her out of the country, regardless of whether she'd kick up a fuss to return. That was her business.
At least Max had tried to save her. If
she was keen to dive back into the fiery pit of the Dorsey family, he wouldn't stop her. He didn't have the energy to spare for that; he'd done what he could. 
As Tiffanie was about to board, Everett's call came through.
Ironic, considering that after all these years, this was the first time Everett had reached out to her on his own.
Everett despised her, just as he despised Victoria.
"Looks like you're leaving. You're
ver
filthy, and that won't change no matter where you go. I actually think Victoria was right to hand you off the CEO of Blue Nebula Enterprises. After all, you were born while Victoria was being played, your whole life has been a farce, and no one will ever genuinely like you. You'll just follow in Victoria's footsteps." 
###Chapter 946
Tiffanie couldn't blame Everett. If she were him, she'd probably want to wipe the entire Dorsey family off the face of the Earth too. Everett had endured years of manipulation under their thumb, even down to his most intimate moments. It was a miracle he hadn't lost his
mind already.
She got it. She really did.
But after just being sold out by Victoria, followed by her berating, a sliver of malice crept into Tiffanie's heart.
"Everett, someone's gotta want me still, right?"
A sarcastic chuckle came from the other end of the phone. "Who would be so blind? Unless they're actually blind, you're just like Victoria, cheap." Tiffanie's lashes fluttered down, and she glanced up at the brooding sky, the darkness in her swelling. Yet, all she let slip was a soft sentence.
"Everett, I really wonder, what did I do wrong all these years?"
Her voice even carried a hint of a sob.
"Your very existence is a mistake. Thinking that a scum like you could live in peace all this time, while I don't even know where my own child is, makes me loathe every single person in the Dorsey family."
Everett's chest heaved with a mix of madness and pain.
"I really wish your plane crashes."
With that, Everett hung up.
Tiffanie stood outside the airport, the vulnerability on her face vanishing in an instant.
Just then, Mason's message popped up, casually asking if she planned on leaving the country. He'd 'accidentally' come across her flight details.
Accidentally?
The word brought a wry smile to Tiffanie's face. Mason was probably tracking her every move, waiting on her like a puppy eager for its owner's return.
She didn't respond to the text. Mulling over the years of Everett's insults, cold indifference, and intentional hurts, Tiffanie's inner darkness magnified to its peak. She sent her flight information, followed by an emoji with puppy-dog eyes.
Someone just told me that no one will ever truly like me.
This was the first time Tiffanie had ever responded to one of Mason's messages.
Mason, meanwhile, was in a meeting, surrounded by the company's executives. With the business demanding his every
waking moment, he could only net
afford to send Tiffanie careful texts in his few moments of respite. 
After that one night of abandon, Tiffanie had kept her distance.
Mason felt somewhat adrift, even wondering if his inexperience in love had disappointed her in bed, leading her to leave without a word back to Beaconsfield.
He couldn't help feeling a touch aggrieved. Initially, he hadn't intended to get involved with Tiffanie. From their very first
meeting, she had been the one net
coming on to him, dropping flirty
lines that shook his resolve. She
even boldly joined him on trips to the countryside. 
Feeling blue, Mason once drunkenly vented to a friend, who teasingly asked if he'd encountered a "player."
In this context, a "player" referred to someone who strings along multiple love interests. To them, Mason was just one fish in a pond full of many - once caught, no longer cherished.
"She's not like that," Mason snapped back almost instantly, bristling at the criticism. He couldn't stand anyone speaking ill of Tiffanie.
Most people only saw Tiffanie's flamboyant exterior, not realizing she was just a kid at heart.
"Mason, my man, I'm just looking out for you," his friend warned. "No ordinary woman is as forward as she is. Forget everything else, our company only started after you met Mr. Haywood, when you had little money, just potential. She didn't even know about your prospects when she began chasing you. I'm telling you, she's up to something. Don't get played." 
Mason fell silent, offering no rebuttal this time.
"Have you ever confessed your feelings to her?"
His friend probed further.
Mason nodded eagerly. He wasn't one for playing games. They'd been intimate because he liked her - it was as simple as that.
So before that night, he had earnestly showered Tiffanie with heartfelt words.
Looking back, he realized Tiffanie had never really given him a straight answer but had skillfully changed the subject instead.
Why was she ignoring his affection?
She knew about it but pretended not to see.
Was his love something shameful?
###Chapter 947
He had asked Brielle, but she hadn't given him much of a response.
Mason had thought about making the trip to Beaconsfield countless times, but he was swamped. He had promised Brielle they would seize this opportunity. Their future involved buying a skyscraper in the heart of Wall Street, but for now, they were just starting out, having secured a few billion in funding. He couldn't afford to slack off.
Deep down, he knew he was making excuses. He feared that the turmoil he felt that night meant nothing to Tiffanie.
Tiffanie wasn't answering calls or responding to texts, just like the kind of heartbreaker his buddies warned him about.
In between his hectic schedule, Mason's thoughts would drift to his late mother.
She used to curse the Dorsey family with a fiery passion, damning Everett for abandoning her.
But she had been wonderful to him. Aside from her occasional rants, she had devoted her life to him. Otherwise, how could a boy from an average family without a father's love climb to where he was now?
Her greatest wish was to see him settled down with a gentle, kind-hearted wife.
But she didn't live to see it happen, succumbing to her depression.
A gentle, kind-hearted wife...
Was Tiffanie that kind of woman?
Mason asked himself that question countless times, yet he couldn't help but call her, follow her updates, until he found out her flight was headed to his city. He was over the moon, hastily texting her.
After a long silence, Tiffanie finally responded to his messages.
While listening to the executives' reports, he typed his response.
How could that be? That person is talking nonsense. At least, I like you.
Mason was always that straightforward.
Tiffanie was pleased with the reply, slipping her phone into her purse before boarding the plane.
Now she had a reason to go abroad, to enter Mason's company, make him her boyfriend, and then have a child. A family of three would return to Beaconsfield, flaunting their happiness in front of Everett. She wondered how Everett would react. Just the thought brought a slight smile to Tiffanie's lips.
Sitting on the plane, watching the ground recede, she occasionally touched her neck as if last night's chain was still there, never removed.
She took a deep breath, sweat beading on her forehead.
It's okay, everything will get better once I'm abroad.
Brielle found out about Tiffanie's departure two days later.
Along with that news came the report of William collapsing at Dorsey International.
They said he had just left the executive office when he fell, now rushed to the hospital for emergency care.
Victoria was by William's side at the time, knowing the Dorsey family's empire was within reach. If William didn't continue to keep Everett in check, Everett might find a way to leave. 
Victoria couldn't bear such a scenario, so whenever Everett was away, she would stick close to William, showering him with praise. Victoria's reaction to William's collapse was nonchalant.
After all, if William couldn't be the heir to Dorsey International, there were others, like Antonio.
Antonio was her younger relative, likely more willing to meet her demands.
While William was in critical care, Victoria called to berate Max, but Brielle took the call. From the harsh words, Brielle pieced together Tiffanie's departure and William's collapse. 
Victoria ranted like a madwoman before remembering she was speaking to Max, which made her suddenly fear the consequences. But then Brielle's voice came through the line.
Victoria's energy surged, and she unleashed a torrent of insults at Brielle.
Brielle hung up, now certain of Victoria's mental instability, and called Mason. "Tiffanie's gone abroad?"
Mason glanced at Tiffanie, still lazing in bed. Their days had been wild since she landed.
Brielle's call was like a slap to wake him up, and he coughed uncomfortably.
"Yeah."
"Have you guys met up? Cleared up any misunderstandings?"
There really weren't any misunderstandings. Mason didn't care about Tiffanie's past as long as he was the only one in her future. "Yeah."
Brielle sensed something off in his voice but didn't pry.
After hanging up, she saw Max coming downstairs.
Brielle was about to ask him what
was up when the doorbell rang, revealing a man in a wheelchair, his face stern, hands resting on the armrests. 
"I ran the tests myself. The boss has been poisoned."
William poisoned?
###Chapter 948
Brodie wheeled himself into the room, catching Brielle's eye with a silent nod before focusing on Max.
"Dad wants me to find out who's behind the poisoning," he said.
Max didn't plan on leaving anytime soon. He'd just come down from discussing prep work with Ramey upstairs. Brielle's show was set to start in three days, and with this unresolved mess, Max couldn't focus on anything else. When Brodie spoke, Max just nodded. Brodie gripped his wheelchair tightly. "Dad thinks it was you."
Max wasn't surprised and even admitted, "Yeah, I'm the prime suspect right now."
Brodie likely came to Premier Palace because he thought Max was the most likely culprit. Dorsey International had been ruthless with Max lately. If it weren't for those major project issues, Max might be in jail by now.
But Brodie wasn't like the rest of the Dorsey family; he knew Max didn't do it. He also knew that the trouble at Dorsey International meant Max's plans were in motion.
Brodie didn't have any particular affection for the Dorsey family, but he was curious about Max's schemes, though he doubted Max would share anything with him.
His gaze drifted to Brielle, the woman who seemingly brought Max down to earth. His look wasn't invasive, just a casual appraisal.
After a few minutes, Brodie turned back to Max and asked, "So, when can I expect to see the news break?"
Max had hinted before that Dorsey International news would be on TV soon.
"Now that the plan's in motion, how many days will it take?"
"Brodie," Max replied coolly, "Patrick said there's been a mass exodus from Dorsey International. The execs are almost all gone, and the board members have been restless for a while. What used to take a week might now hit the news in about two days." His tone was detached, as if toppling a corporate giant like Dorsey International was no big deal.
Brodie looked at Max with a hint of envy, his hand unconsciously resting on his numb legs, a wry smile touching his lips.
"Got it. I'll leave you to it then."
Max stepped forward, personally wheeling Brodie out.
As Brodie took in the surroundings of Premier Palace, he couldn't help but sigh.
"I don't want to get mixed up in Beaconsfield's affairs, Max, but your illness still worries me."
Max stayed silent, his fingers resting on the wheelchair, pale and slender.
"This might just be my fate."
Brodie wanted to ask, "Do you hate Dad?" But he knew the question was pointless. Max had never
U'T
understood love or hate before. He might get love now, but hate was stilla luxury. 
Otherwise, why would Michael think he could control Max with that drug? Michael fancied himself the puppet master, not realizing he was the one being manipulated, indifferent to everything else. 
Sometimes Brodie wondered what made Max who he was, what he wanted to achieve, and what his purpose was in this world. But maybe even Max didn't know.
Once, Max stood at the top, achieving in a snap what others couldn't in a lifetime. He had so much, yet he was destined to lose just as much.
"Max, I've got my eye on an island, but I don't know if Dad will let me go or keep using me against you. So, take me there tomorrow, before it all falls apart."
This was a tough choice for Brodie.
After breaking up with his girlfriend, he'd lived in a daze, but he was still a Dorsey through and through. Leaving Beaconsfield meant abandoning the entire Dorsey family. It went against the Dorsey ethos, branding him the prodigal son. But he couldn't bear to witness the family's downfall, so leaving the day before seemed like the best end for
him. 
He couldn't be as nonchalant as Max and resorted to his old ways, playing the coward, the deserter.
"Alright, I'll do as you ask, Brodie."
After ensuring Brodie was settled in the car and whispering instructions to a nearby man, Max watched as Brodie was driven away.
Brodie had no worries about being intercepted by Michael and brought back; a promise from Max was as good as done.
###Chapter 949
As Brodie climbed into the car, he couldn't resist giving Max one last piece of advice.
"The island I'm heading to is beautiful, Max. I'm never coming back. But if you ever need a chemist, you know where to find me. I've got a new lab set up there. The one here in Beaconsfield is a goner, thanks to Dad. I'm here to say goodbye, Max." Michael had sent Brodie as a decoy to gather intel.
But Brodie turned the tables, using this chance to get Max's help to leave Beaconsfield for good. When he said he wasn't coming back, he meant it. His home had expanded from the small town of Beaconsfield to the sweeping expanse of nearly 3.7 million square miles.
Brodie viewed his life as a series of failures-deserted twice, lost his legs, and still hadn't figured out how to live. The townspeople of Beaconsfield likely forgot the confident young man he once was. Now, he was like an old, forgotten parcel in a dusty attic, its contents long overlooked. "Take care, Brodie," Max said, closing the car door without another word. In his mind, this was the best outcome for Brodie.
Brodie pursed his lips, staring out the window for a moment before turning away, not looking back.
Inside the hospital, William and Michael were on the same floor.
Michael was furious when he saw that William had also been admitted. The man had failed his task and ended up being outsmarted. Useless!
Michael trembled with anger, clutching his chest as a fit of coughing overtook him. His sons were all disappointments.
If only Max were here...
A haze of confusion clouded Michael's eyes as he realized he still harbored hope that Max would return.
Damn it!
Leaning on his cane, he looked at William's frail form on the bed and felt nothing but disgust. William had barely settled into his new position before being ambushed, now lying half-dead. If it hadn't been for a timely rescue, he'd be meeting the grim reaper. 
Yet Max, who had faced countless threats since he was ten, was still thriving, leading Dorsey International to new heights. The comparison was infuriating. Michael's disappointment in William was as profound as his pride in Max had been. What a waste. Unable to hold it back, he coughed again.
Meanwhile, William lay in his hospital bed, his face a mask of terror. He had no idea what had happened or why he was in such pain. He had been so careful. How could he have been caught off guard?
Who could it be? It had to be Max!
"Father, it's Max-it has to be!" William's voice trembled with panic, especially after seeing the disappointment in his father's eyes. His heart sank.
Michael spoke coldly, leaning on his
cane. "Not only were you ambushed, but I hear Dorsey International is losing contracts left and right. Executives are resigning, and the stock is plummeting. If I hadn't called Dorsey International myself, how long were you planning to keep me in the dark? Incompetence is your middle name. Max might be overseas, but he's still outperforming you!" 
Max! Max! Why did Max's shadow loom over every part of his life? Why couldn't that man just die? He wasn't even a real Dorsey, yet he basked in the family's glory! Why?!
William's eyes filled with resentment and madness.
His face turned cold, and he tasted blood from biting his tongue so hard.
"Father, you care so much about Max, but did you ever think he'd betray you for a woman? No matter how much you admire him, he's not a true Dorsey. You're old now, and all you have is me. The third brother is broken, the second one you've sent away, and Victoria is just a lovesick fool. Who else can you count on? Father, it's time to face reality and hand over Dorsey International to me. Once I'm back on my feet, I'll get our stock back on track." 
###Chapter 950
Given his already sour mood, William's irritation only grew as he woke to his grandfather grilling him with questions. He didn't bother to conceal his true thoughts. "Dorsey International is like a glamorous tapestry, but underneath, it's crawling with maggots," he said bluntly.
Back in the day, Michael had been a powerhouse, a titan in the business world, renowned for his influence. But his obsession with power and his coldness towards his own family had eroded any semblance of affection within the Dorsey clan starting with his generation. His early decision to favor Max had effectively written off his other sons and grandsons, filling their lives with jealousy, resentment, and discontent.
And in his dealings with Everett, he had mercilessly crushed a man's pride.
In many ways, he and William were alike, except William lacked his grandfather's finesse. When Michael was in charge, at least Dorsey International was thriving. But his stubborn self-reliance had left the rest of the family feeling excluded. Unaware of his own failings, Michael saw his son as nothing but a disappointment, pale in comparison to Max. And since Max had left the family business behind, Michael's mindset was to destroy what couldn't be used.
"Who says I'm only counting on you? Ashton is still here. At least Ashton is more level-headed than you. You just focus on getting better, and leave the company matters to Ashton."
His tone was detached as he called out, "Ashton, come in here."
Antonio entered, head bowed..
William's eyes narrowed at the sight of his son, but then he brightened. If Dorsey International was entrusted to his son, wasn't it also a win for him? Ashton had always been obedient to him. William thought he was playing his cards right until he heard Michael's instruction.
"Ashton, don't take after your father. From now on, you're the President of Dorsey International. If you can steer us through these rough waters, the company will be yours." Michael's voice was calm, betraying his belief that he still held the reins.
But inside, he was starting to panic. William and Antonio were no match for Max-Antonio was only marginally better. Look at the mess William had made of Dorsey International. "Ashton, I'm giving you 20% of the shares. Make it count."
For once, it wasn't just empty promises. He was willing to part with some of his shares.
But Antonio wasn't dazzled by the offer. Even with 20%, Michael still held the majority. Even if he helped Dorsey International through this crisis, Michael would remain the one with the real power. FindNovel
20% wasn't enough for Antonio to secure his footing in the company.
He wanted the absolute control that Max had. If his grandfather wouldn't hand it over, he'd take it himself.
"Grandfather, I understand," he said, his face a mask of compliance.
Michael had no choice but to relent seeing that Antonio wasn't as easily
fooled as William. He needed to offer something to keep himonside. 
After Michael left, William, glowing with triumph, turned to Antonio.
"Son, that's 20% of the shares. Once you wrestle more from him, we'll call the shots at Dorsey International."
William was so excited he nearly leapt out of bed, but his body was too weakened, and he collapsed back onto the mattress.
Antonio stood silently at the bedside for a moment before he spoke with a smile.
"Dad, you should just focus on your recovery at the hospital. Leave the matter of Dorsey International's shares to me."
The implication was clear: the shares, and the company, were no longer William's concern.
William thought he'd misheard, looking up in disbelief before succumbing to a violent coughing fit.
"What did you say?"
"I said Dorsey International is not for
you to worry about. Grandfather
may be getting on in years, but what about you? You've never had a knack for business. If it weren't for Max keeping us afloat, you and Ryan would have run Dorsey International into the ground by now."
"You! You ingrate! I am your father!"
###Chapter 951
Antonio always had a brooding look, and now, as his face darkened even more, he looked like he was plotting something devious.
"Dad," he said, smirking without any real humor, "you're quite the comedian. You were the one who taught me never to take the Dorsey family ties to heart. I've always remembered that lesson." He was smiling, but his eyes were cold and empty.
Stepping closer, he whispered something in William's ear.
William's pupils constricted sharply, and he was so overwhelmed with rage that he passed out on the spot.
Antonio watched the man, who had coughed up blood and now lay unconscious on the hospital bed, and let out a chilling laugh.
He didn't call for the doctors; William probably wouldn't make it through the night.
Anyone who dared to challenge him for Dorsey International wouldn't be spared-not his father, not even his grandfather.
His benefactor had promised to back him up. So all Antonio had to do was get rid of those above him, and Dorsey International would be his, with him in absolute control.
Everything Max had lost would be his for the taking.
He had finally beaten Max, no longer the insurmountable peak of his childhood.
This day had been a long time coming.
Excitement flushed Antonio's cheeks, contrasting with his otherwise somber features and giving him a rather sinister look.
William could never have imagined exiting the stage in such a disgraceful, quiet manner.
In William's world, he was the head of the Dorsey family, Max's elder brother, the last hope of the old man. Even if he were to exit, it should have been with a bang, fitting of his stature. He'd always seen Max as his rival, always dreaming of the day he'd bring him down, constantly striving for that end.
Framing Max, ingratiating himself with Michael-these had become his life's sole pursuits.
But he forgot that without Max, there would be no Dorsey International to give him the leisure to plot against Max.
Because Max was too strong, too devoid of emotion, the Dorsey family failed to realize how indispensable he was to Dorsey International.
William's exit was met with sighs of regret, even by himself.
Especially being killed by his own son; even in the afterlife, facing the judge of the underworld, he would be too ashamed to speak of it.
That evening, the Dorsey family received grim news - William had passed away.
With Michael's condition worsening, Antonio was the only one left to face the media.
Before the cameras, Antonio's gaze was heavy with sorrow.
"My father was worked to death by the relentless issues plaguing Dorsey International. I am
heartbroken and disappointed. In my wildest dreams, I could never forgive Uncle Max. He basked in the glory of the Dorsey family but shirked its responsibilities. He took everything from us." 
Cleverly, Antonio shifted all the blame onto Max. After all, Max was already estranged from the Dorsey family, so what was one more accusation? 
The media buzzed with excitement, eagerly awaiting the next chapter in the high-society drama.
Antonio continued to hold the
camera's gaze, "My grandfather's condition has worsened because of his actions. Now, I am the only one left to uphold Dorsey International. won't let Uncle Max's schemes succeed. I'd like to say to him, the Dorsey family raised you for so many years; for that alone, you should at least come and see your grandfather. But you keep avoiding us as if we were a virus. I've never seen such ingratitude. Just because Grandpa took back the shares you held, you chose to give up and sink into depravity. We were so wrong about you." 
With that, Antonio painted Max as an ungrateful wretch.
Already at the center of public scrutiny, Antonio's interview turned up the heat on Max even further.
After the interview, Antonio returned to the ancestral Dorsey home alone.
Without Michael, the family home was his domain, and everyone else had to act with proper deference.
It was clear to all that Antonio was the one who had the last laugh.
###Chapter 952
Antonio's interview wasn't just trending online; it had hit the news big time. Suddenly, the whole country was buzzing about the Dorsey family's dirty laundry.
Brielle saw the news on TV. Thanks to Antonio's bombshell, her trending updates were overshadowed, with Max now being the talk of the town. She flipped through several channels, all covering the same story.
Unable to help herself, she glanced at Max, who was sitting calmly at the other end of the sofa, peeling a grape for her. He seemed completely oblivious to the TV chatter. She had been craving something sweet yet tangy, and Max had been by her side all day, naturally taking on the task of peeling grapes.
Brielle hadn't wanted to get caught up in public opinion, but everyone bad-mouthing Max was starting to get to her. Max was such a good guy, and these people clearly didn't know the first thing about him.
"Open up," Max said, not even sparing a glance at the TV. He meticulously peeled the grape, placed it in a porcelain bowl, and then fed it to her with a spoon. His movements were so graceful, and he wore gloves while peeling the grapes.
In truth, Brielle was curious to see the juice spread across his fingertips, but he was too much of a neat freak for that. She opened her mouth, ate a grape, and then casually draped her leg over his.
Other than stepping out to rescue Tiffanie, Max hadn't left the house in two days, dedicating himself entirely to her. Brielle sensed his indulgence and sometimes wanted to test just how far he'd go.
With her leg resting on his, she struck a pose like a lazy cat. Max didn't push her away. Without even a flutter of his eyelashes, he fed her a few grapes, set the bowl on the coffee table, and then placed his hands on her leg, gently massaging. "Legs sore?" he asked.
Brielle shook her head, swallowed, and then tilted her chin upward. "A bit to the left."
Max chuckled softly, his long fingers moving to the left. Comfortable, Brielle closed her eyes and decided to turn off the TV, no longer interested in the news. She admired Max's composure. The Dorsey family was tearing itself apart, and now with William gone, Max remained unshaken within the walls of Premier Palace. If the Dorseys found out, they'd probably lose their minds.
Brielle touched her stomach, put further thoughts aside, and drifted off to sleep. As soon as she was asleep, the smile on Max's face faded. He carefully moved her leg off his knee, unfolded a blanket beside him, and gently covered her.
Not far away, Patrick had been waiting with a stack of urgent documents from overseas needing Max's signature. Concerned that the rustling of papers might disturb Brielle, he sat a little farther away.
Once Max had signed the last document, Patrick spoke up. "The old man tried to reach you and started calling me when he couldn't, but I blocked him. He's probably figured out Antonio's ambitions by now."
The Dorsey family's dirty laundry
wasn't hard to guess. Whoever benefited most from William's death was likely the mastermind-clearly, it was Antonio. Antonio's move was surprising, but considering he was a Dorsey, it wasn't that strange. After all, Michael had climbed to the top stepping over his brothers' bodies, and Antonio had merely learned from the best. 
"Boss, are we just going to do nothing about it?"
"Yeah."
Max handed over the last document. Patrick took it, remaining respectfully deferential.
"The takeover deal should conclude in two days. By evening, the local media will catch wind of it."
Max nodded, then his brow furrowed slightly as he felt a sharp pain. He looked over at Brielle, sleeping peacefully, and his heart softened. "Understood, proceed with the original plan."
Patrick then fell silent.
Online, Max was being vilified, with detractors spewing vitriol as if they wished to shoot him to Mars. Meanwhite, Antonio, within the old mansion, watched the news with a sly grin He had succeeded in bringing Max down, just as he had planned. Nothing excited him more; his hands shook slightly as he held a glass of red wine, his eyes reddened with exhilaration. 
At the same time, Michael had seen the online news and had called in. Antonio went even further this time, having Michael taken straight from the hospital. Sitting on the sofa in the oldmansion, Michael could hardly believe it. Although he had no love lost for William, how could William have passed so suddenly? It felt like a dream, and everything around him seemed surreal. 
###Chapter 953
"Grandpa, you've seen the news online, haven't you?"
Michael, already hospitalized due to William's antics, now found himself coughing violently at the news. "Cough, cough, cough."
The metallic taste of blood filled his mouth, making him feel disoriented. This room, which should have been familiar-the ancestral home of the Dorsey family-felt alien, tainted with the odors of alcohol and tobacco smoke. Shakily, he reached for his cane, intending to reprimand Antonio.
"Where the hell are the bodyguards?! All of you, get out here now!"
He mustered a shout, but the room remained eerily silent-no one listened.
Michael's pupils contracted as he stumbled back.
Antonio's lips curled into a smirk as he swirled the whiskey in his glass.
"Grandpa, save your strength. I've taken care of everything in the old house. You always looked down on me, seeing me as nothing more than a tool in your hands. Bet you never imagined that one day, the blade would turn on you." Shock was evident in Michael's eyes, disbelief etched on his face.
How could this be? He was the patriarch of the Dorsey family, with vast influence at his disposal. How could Antonio, a mere whelp, have outmaneuvered him?
"Antonio, what have you done?"
Antonio's eyes twinkled with amusement, quite pleased with the current state of affairs.
"Grandpa, I realized long ago that you weren't the ideal partner for me. So I chose a new ally, one with considerable clout. Look how quickly Dorsey International has fallen into my hands."
"You won't succeed! I'll never give you the shares! You only have twenty percent!"
"Indeed, I have a mere twenty percent, which is why, Grandpa, you should be wise and surrender the rest of your shares to me. Otherwise, you won't be leaving this house."
It seemed he intended to imprison Michael.
Michael thought he was hallucinating. Where on earth had Antonio gotten the audacity to do this? Had he lost his mind?
Refusing to believe it, Michael reached out to his old contacts, only to be met with dead silence.
What was going on? Why was this happening?
His phone nearly cracked under the pressure of his fingers, but he couldn't find anyone willing to aid him.
He sat on the couch, ghostly pale, his cane clattering to the floor.
Antonio produced the share transfer documents with a sly grin.
"Sign here, Grandpa, and I'll ensure you're well-cared for in your old age. If you resist, I'll have to deal with you the way I handled Dad. You can guess, can't you? I drove hinto his grave." 
Michael trembled, feeling as though he had never truly known the man before him.
"Antonio, who are you in league with? Who has the power to do this?"
Michael had been in the game for years, no greenhorn like Antonio. He alone knew the terrifying extent of the power behind Antonio.
To play the Dorsey family like a fiddle, to push Antonio to patricide and then to usurpation-did Antonio realize he had become a sword in another's hand?
Hadn't Antonio resented being just a tool for Michael? And yet, how had he unwittingly become the instrument of another?
The last trace of color drained from Michael's face.
"Do you even know how formidable his influence is? I still have some people in the shadows. I tried to reach out to them just now, but there was no response. Antonio, you..." Impatience flickered across Antonio's face as he waved dismissively.
"Enough, Grandpa. Of course, I understand the power of this gentleman, which is why I've allied with him. Unlike you, he's willing to hand over the Dorsey family to me You always dangled empty
promises before me. For years, I did your dirty work, only to be rewarded with your flippant praise. Max was always your favorite. Look at him now-nothing. And here I am, climbing over him to the top. 
"Grandpa, I won't let you end up like my father. You admired Max so much; now it's my turn. I've claimed the Dorsey family, and I need a witness. You'l be that witness Grandpa. You'll see firsthand how I've risen by stepping over Max." 
With that, Antonio burst into laughter, oblivious to the darkness that had settled in Michael's eyes. Michael tasted blood, but he was not afraid or panicked; instead, he felt an eerie stillness, a cold sneer.
###Chapter 954
Even though he had never laid eyes on that so-called gentleman Antonio spoke of, he knew the type-cruel and ruthless. No one could incite a man to patricide without being vicious to the core.
The Dorsey family's current state was largely thanks to that gentleman's influence. Antonio was just too green, being manipulated and didn't even realize it.
Michael's gaze was icy as he reflected on his decisions. He had no regrets about naming Max as the heir to Dorsey International when the boy was just ten. Max was the perfect choice, but he had been ruined by a woman.
Now, the old man didn't regret choosing Max; he regretted not letting him be with Brielle from the start. Upon reflection, Brielle was just a woman, one who sought power and prestige. Having her at Max's side would have done no harm to his stature.
But Michael's hatred for Brielle blinded him; he believed she had destroyed his masterpiece. He was so arrogant, thinking he had Max perfectly controlled with medication, never considering that Max would throw his life away for Brielle.
Michael was kicking himself, wishing he had given his blessing to Max and Brielle. He should have thrown them a lavish wedding. After all, Max had already signed the agreement; Dorsey International's future would be in other hands, not the offspring of that woman.
Michael's pride had been his downfall. When the Dorsey family was betrothed to Brielle, he valued her skills but not her family background. After all, the Haywood family had always been in the Dorseys' shadow. In his mind, only the most perfect debutante from the social circles of Beaconsfield could match Max, not someone like Brielle, who was constantly criticized.
Brielle was originally engaged to Spencer. How could she end up with Max? Such a stain could not mar his prized creation, and he would not allow anyone to become Max's blemish.
But Michael couldn't bear to let go of Max, his pawn. At first, he only made threats, even leveraging Stellar Stage Entertainment as leverage.
To his surprise, Brielle had the audacity to quietly acquire Stellar Stage Entertainment, turning it into a powerhouse under her name. The funds for the acquisition were meticulously funneled through overseas accounts, obscuring Brielle's involvement, but Michael was sure -it was her doing.
Originally, Michael had tampered
with Brielle's meals, dosing her with contraceptives for years, because he looked down on her. He knew the Haywoods were effectively selling their daughter, and he refused to let such a woman step foot in Dorsey International. Brielle wasn't even fit to marry Spencer, let alone Max. 
Michael was vehemently opposed, but now he regretted his stubbornness. If he had allowed Max and Brielle to be together, Dorsey International would still reign supreme. But there are no "ifs" in this world. Looking at Antonio, now a pawn for others, Michael felt nothing but rage. Why were his descendants such disappointments?
"Ashton, I can give you shares, but you must cut ties with that man immediately."
"Grandpa, do you think you have a choice? Sign@these papers within a minute, or that poison in your cup is meant for you. Remember, you taught me to show no mercy to an enemy, and Dad said that in the Dorsey family, so-called kinship counts for nothing. See, I've learned well. You should be proud."
In that moment, Michael felt an unprecedented chill, as if ice was creeping from his feet to his skull, freezing every cell.
"Grandpa, do you recall when I was
eight, the kitten 'I had? You strangled
it, telling me weakness doesn't last
in the Dorsey family. I took every lesson to heart, see? Now I'm more ruthless, more heartless than
anyone. I've become a worthy heir, haven't I? Over the years, I've learned exactly how to survive in the Dorsey family." 
###Chapter 955
At that moment, Michael was at a complete loss for words. He had indeed taught Antonio those very lessons; the words had all sprung from his own lips. Antonio's gaze was icy, but the red wine on his fingertip seemed almost like blood. He took a sniff of the vintage, then a sip, savoring it. "This bottle of Romanée-Conti, worth four hundred grand, is for a night worth celebrating. I've opened the good stuff just for this occasion."
After saying so, his eyes shifted to the clock on the wall. "Twenty seconds left. If you don't sign, I'll have to personally administer the poison. Not that I want you dead. I truly wish you could live to see how I'll run the Dorsey family."
Michael had been a towering figure in Beaconsfield for years, but now he felt a chilling dread. It was as if all the seeds of evil he had sown were now bearing their poisoned fruit upon him. He took the pen with a steady hand and signed his name on the document. Antonio's lips curled in satisfaction.
"Grandpa, you still have some of that medication you used on Uncle Max, right? I hope you'll take it yourself. I'll send you a supply every month, so you won't suffer any headaches. Thanks to you teaching me this craft, I know just how to arrange your golden years."
Indeed, the bitter harvest was all his to bear. Michael was silent, but not regretful. His only remorse was not having controlled Max properly, which had led to the downfall of the Dorsey family. A manic glint suddenly appeared in his eyes as he tossed the pen aside and burst into laughter. Antonio was puzzled by this display, his expression one of confusion.
But Michael straightened up, slowly shaking his head. "You've learned a fair bit, but you let your emotions get the best of you, too impulsive. The reason I valued Max was that even when I drugged him, he never held a grudge. He didn't have these cheap emotional fluctuations, which is why he always made the best business decisions. I despised how Brielle influenced him, but now I realize something: even under her influence, he was a hundred times stronger than any of you."
A fierce light flared in Antonio's eyes as he glared coldly. The one thing he couldn't stand was hearing that Max was better than him. Ever since he could remember, everyone had sung Max's praises. Max had become his shadow. No matter what he did, someone would always say, "Not quite like Max." But he was Antonio, his own person. He never wanted to be compared to anyone. Why should he live in Max's shadow?
The hatred was too much. Now that
the Dorsey family was within his grasp, he thought his grandfather
would finally be proud of him. Butet
just as everything was about to settle, he was told he still wasn't as good as Max. Antonio smashed his Wine glass to the floor with laugh. 
"Fine, then watch. Watch as I trample your precious Max into hell."
a cold
Michael laughed again, looking around the ancestral Dorsey home with a twinge of regret. The legacy had been twisted beyond recognition during his lifetime.
If only Max hadn't left...
Michael closed his eyes, listening as Antonio gave orders to someone nearby. "Take the old man upstairs. One pill a month, don't forget to feed him. If he shows any signs of headaches, I'll be very upset."
Though the last sentence seemed
jesting, it sent shivers down the spine. Antonio was ruthless. In the past few days, quite a few people had vanished from the estate.
Everyone knew they wouldn't net
see
another sunrise. A man who could so mercilessly deal with his own father would have little mercy for strangers. Obedience was their only option. 
Who would have thought the Dorsey estate would one day come to this?
Michael stood, leaning on his cane, shrugging off the two people who came to assist him. Even now, he hadn't lost the dignity of the Dorsey family's former heir. The room they left for Michael upstairs was spacious, with a dedicated staff to attend to his meals, and they had even installed a huge TV set so he could keep up with the news. Antonio's purpose was clear: he wanted the old man to stay informed, especially to see the news of Max's imprisonment broadcasted on TV. 
###Chapter 956
Michael had just made it to the upper floor when the door to the old Dorsey mansion swung open. Antonio's laid-back demeanor flipped the moment he saw the masked figure standing at the entrance. He sprang up from the sofa, giving a slight nod of respect. "Sir, you're here," he said.
The man sauntered to the middle of the room and settled on the couch like he owned the place. Antonio quickly signaled for someone to bring a cup of tea, his actions careful and respectful.
The man picked up the cup but didn't drink. Instead, he let out a soft chuckle. "So, how does it feel?" he asked, referring to Antonio's new role as the heir to the Dorsey legacy.
Antonio's face lit up with excitement, his cheeks flushing red. He felt like he could use every wonderful word in the dictionary to describe his joy.
"Absolutely incredible," he said breathlessly. "Sir, I owe it all to you. I can't thank you enough."
Antonio felt like bowing down and kissing the man's shoes. Everything he had ever wanted was now his, all thanks to this man. It felt like a dream.
Even Alivia, who never gave him the time of day before, now had to follow his lead and rely on him. Antonio felt like he was on cloud nine, able to control the fates of others with a simple conversation.
This man had given him everything, and Antonio was ready to put him on a pedestal and worship him. Max and Michael were nothing compared to this man.
To Antonio, he was a god, especially after seeing how he manipulated everyone in their circle. Antonio felt lucky to have aligned himself with such a powerful figure.
The man sat on the sofa, his lashes lifting slightly beneath his mask. He surveyed the Dorsey household with a mocking smile.
"As long as you're happy," he said.
"Happy? I'm ecstatic! Now that the Dorsey estate is mine, no one can threaten me. Sir, I'll do whatever you ask. My life is yours."
If Michael had seen this scene, he would have found it tragically ironic that this member of the Dorsey family was the one to have the last laugh. It was a huge disgrace to the family legacy.
Antonio seemed completely conquered by the man, who had become his guiding light. But there was a dark, chaotic aura around the man, as if he were made of shadows.
"Anything I ask, you'll do?" the man asked.
Antonio nodded eagerly, almost ready to kneel. Power had made him fervent and clouded his judgment. This man had given him everything he ever dreamed of, and he was willing to do anything for him. "Yes, just say the word, sir."
The man set his untouched tea cup on the coffee table and slowly stood up. "Your use of Tiffanie last time was clever, but Max has sent her abroad now. You should focus on Aubree; she's the perfect leverage against Brielle." 
"Aubree?" Antonio echoed.
The man nodded slowly, his fingers lightly touching his mask. The mask was as cold as his heart. Pregnant, with a child that couldn't be born-fate itself seemed to be aiding him. Yet, he was still angry. A good punishment was in order. All she had to do was be his little princess. Why did she have to get pregnant? His anger was real. 
"Yes, Aubree has been through some rough times. Brielle wouldn't dare risk anything happening to her again. Make sure your methods are clean this time. I'll send someone to
assist you. Don't be as feebleas last time." .
Antonio's previous attempt with Tiffanie had been half-hearted, just a token effort to show Michael he would play along. He hadn't put in much effort, which allowed Max's people to easily rescue Tiffanie.
But this time, with the man's help, it would be a guaranteed success. After all, there was nothing the man couldn't accomplish.
###Chapter 957
"Relax, man. If you're willing to help me out, I'll go all in, even if it costs me everything."
The man chuckled, clearly pleased with Antonio's enthusiasm.
He was about to leave when Antonio, unable to contain his gratitude, followed him like a loyal butler.
As the man stepped through the doorway, he looked out at the night sky and left Antonio with a parting thought. "Enjoy these days of power while you can."
Antonio didn't quite get his drift, thinking it was a congratulation. He nodded eagerly, his face glowing with joy.
"I will, I'll keep pushing on!"
The man gave a knowing smile, his eyes a dark abyss, impenetrable.
Once the man had left, Antonio clenched his fists. He returned to the living room to look over the share transfer document again.
He had done it, he truly had. Dorsey International was his now.
A smirk spread across his face as he kicked over the coffee table, pacing around the room. The elation was so overwhelming that he felt as if he were walking on air, as though he had entered paradise.
But then he remembered the task the man had just entrusted to him. He needed to get on it, pronto!
The man had said he would help, so he would surely get in touch, right?
All Antonio had to do was wait. Probably by tomorrow, he could make his move.
Little did Antonio know, the man would act so swiftly.
It was already nine in the evening when Aubree stepped out of Stellar Stage Entertainment, worn out from the day's work.
Brielle hadn't been around lately, but that didn't stop Aubree from making her presence felt.
She knew Brielle was pregnant and unwell, yet it was comforting to see that Stellar Stage Entertainment was still running smoothly without her.
Keiran's new movie had started filming, and even though Chase was constantly buzzing around like an annoying fly, it didn't hinder Keiran's performance as the star actor.
Word from the set was that Keiran nailed almost every scene on the first take.
A smile touched Aubree's cheeks as
she thought of her own recent success. The movie she co-starred in with Ricardo was smashing box office records daily, surpassing half a billion, with their fanbase growing by the second. 
Heavy is the head that wears the crown, they say.
Aubree had set her sights on her future goals, and in the meantime, she was fervently honing her skills with an acting coach before diving into her next film.
Both she and Ricardo were natural talents, easily slipping into their emotions, but they still had room to improve on the basics.
Every day, Aubree practiced until this late hour. The backbreaking schedule was starting to wear her down.
Yet, with Brielle's support, she was happy, eager to become Stellar Stage Entertainment's golden goose.
As Aubree exited the building, she saw a familiar car waiting and felt an unwelcome irritation.
Didn't Andrew have a job? Why was he always free to wait for her here?
She couldn't hold back any longer and strode forward, but as the car window rolled down, Andrew was nowhere to be seen. It caught her off guard.
A stranger sat in the driver's seat, polite enough.
"Miss Clements, the lady of the house requests your presence," he said.
The "lady of the house" referred to Andrew's mother.
Aubree wondered why she suddenly wanted to see her. Was it to arrange a match for Andrew to keep her away from him?
After all, that woman had given her a
significant number of shares. Aubree had learned her lesson about the harsh realities of life in this world, nothing was more important than money. 
She nodded, curious about Andrew's whereabouts but feeling it improper to ask.
After all, this was Marissa's driver, and if Marissa had sent for her, she likely didn't want Aubree getting too close to Andrew.
Besides, the car was Andrew's, so he probably had gone ahead to the Clements family estate after getting the word.
Without suspicion, she got into the car.
The scent inside was comforting, and given her recent exhaustion, she leaned against the window and soon drifted off to sleep.
As she closed her eyes, the
fragrance in the car intensified, lulling her into a deeper slumber. Even if someone called her name right next to her, she wouldn't stir. 
Swn?
###Chapter 958
The Clements Corporation headquarters was buzzing with the monotony of executive reports, but Andrew, sitting at the head of the conference table, was already growing impatient. His brows were knotted in frustration, his gaze constantly flickering to his wristwatch. Today was Aubree's day off, and he could no longer hide his disinterest in the droning presentations. Cutting off the speaker mid-sentence, he declared, "Next time, cut out all this fluff."
Snatching his blazer from the back of his chair, he gave his hardworking team a cursory glance and announced, "Everyone, trim the fat for tomorrow's continuation. We're done for today."
His tone was casual as he draped the jacket over his forearm and strode out of the room, leaving the executives without a word of protest.
Reaching the lobby, Andrew found his assistant nowhere in sight. It was unusual, as his assistant was always there before closing time. Pulling out his phone, he dialed her number, but to no avail; the call went unanswered-a deviation from her usual impeccable standards.
Without hesitation, he contacted the building's security to review the surveillance footage for any trace of his assistant. The cameras revealed she had entered the underground parking lot but hadn't left, even though there was a record of a vehicle exiting the premises. Had his assistant taken off with his car without so much as a heads-up? It was out of character for someone who had been a reliable right hand for so many years, especially without responding to calls.
He dispatched his security to scour the parking lot for any signs while also initiating a trace on his missing vehicle.
Within ten minutes, his security team reported back. His assistant had been found unconscious and stashed in a corner.
His expression icy, Andrew marched to the site.
The assistant, still a bit groggy, touched her neck, trying to make sense of the situation. Though not tall by any means, her competence had always made her stand out as Andrew's most trusted confidant. Upon seeing Andrew, she scrambled to her feet.
"Boss."
"Who did this to you?"
She shook her head, "Blindsided from behind. They took the car keys too. I didn't see who, but they were professional, clearly trained."
Andrew's brows furrowed; was this a
simple car theft? But with the
abundance of surveillance, any
stolen vehicle would quickly be
spotted by the police. The car was a limited edition, one of only a
ver
hundred worldwide-unlikely to be
easily fenced even on the black
market. So what was the assailant's
motive? 
A sudden thought struck Andrew, and he hurriedly dialed Aubree's number, only to be met with silence.
He jumped into another car, running several red lights on his way to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
The company was still alive with the buzz of overtime work, but Aubree was gone. Someone mentioned she had left half an hour ago in a luxury car.
A weight sank in Andrew's chest as he alerted the traffic police.
Surveillance footage of the car surfaced quickly, but it had been abandoned on the roadside, and Aubree was nowhere to be found.
The panic and anger Andrew felt were foreign to him. He mobilized all of Clements Corporation's resources to find Aubree, unharmed and alive.
Meanwhile, Brielle was about to call
it a night when her phone rang. Yawning and drying her hair with a towel, she grabbed the hairdryer, planning to ask Max to blow-dry her hair
toor her. But Max was nowhere
to be found, not in his study where he should have been.
Descending the stairs, Brielle found Ramey sitting on the couch, sipping tea and playing chess against himself.
"Ms. Brielle, not asleep yet?" Ramey asked calmly, placing a chess piece on the board.
"You training your brain hemispheres?" Brielle inquired, eyeing the intense game laid out before him.
"Just for a bit of fun," Ramey replied with a smile, gathering up the pieces. "Seen Max?"
"Nope," Brielle responded, realizing she'd have to call him herself.
Before she could dial out, her phone rang with an unfamiliar number. She almost hung up but instead answered the call.
A deep, unknown voice intoned, "Brielle, if you want Aubree safe, drive to the address I'm sending you."
She was about to dismiss it as
another one of the Dorsey family's
typical ploys when a photo of Aubree's face arrived on her phone. Her pupils dilated in shock, and she was about to message Max when the voice on the phone spoke once more. 
###Chapter 959
"Ms. Brielle, you seemed to hit it off quite well with that new butler lounging on the couch. No need to ring up Max tonight; he's not around, and I reckon he's in a world of hurt. I'm giving you ten minutes to get moving, and don't you dare breathe a word to anyone. Otherwise, I'll make sure Aubree relives the agony she once endured. You wouldn't want her to plunge back into hell just as she's seeing the light of day, would you?" Brielle froze, a chill creeping up her spine.
She had thought this was another low-brow kidnapping scheme like the one they'd pulled on Tiffanie, which she could easily unravel with a bit of digging to find out where Aubree had been taken.
But this was different; this person knew the ins and outs of Aubree's ordeal.
And how could that be? Only a handful of people were privy to that incident.
Even within the Clements family, it was likely only a couple of people were in the know. But how did the caller come by this information?
She felt cold, her hand slowly tightening at her side.
"I don't know what you're talking about," she said, her voice a calm veneer.
The voice on the other end chuckled with a hint of sarcasm. "Have you forgotten about those three men? This time let's spice things up a bit. How about six men, for starters?"
It felt like a needle had pierced Brielle's heart.
Anger, defiance, humiliation-all these emotions surged within her.
"What do you want?" she demanded.
"That new butler's right by your side, I've seen it, Brielle. Don't try any funny business. Your every move is practically transparent to me, and if I catch even a hint of you straying from my instructions, Aubree's finger gets chopped and delivered to you personally." The stakes involving Aubree were too high for Brielle to gamble.
She had thought about stealthily contacting Max or silently alerting the police, but as soon as she pulled the phone away from her ear, the caller reminded her.
"Brielle, you're not being very cooperative."
Her face darkened, an icy resolve enveloping her.
"Now tell your butler you need to step out for a bit. He's engrossed in his chess game; he shouldn't be too concerned about where you're headed. Just follow my directions, step by step."
The more the man spoke, the more Brielle felt a chill down her spine.
Was there surveillance inside the villa?
Impossible, this was Premier Palace, surrounded by layers of security, each guard highly trained. There was no way surveillance could have been planted inside.
But how did this person know her every action, even down to Ramey playing chess?
Brielle did not suspect Ramey; he was Max's pick, and she trusted Max's judgment.
Furthermore, Ramey hadn't exhibited any suspicious behavior during his time at the villa.
Her eyelashes fluttered down, and after a brief moment of panic, she regained her composure.
She had to save Aubree, and she had to save herself. But how?
"Ms. Brielle, my patience is wearing thin."
Taking a deep breath, she looked down at Ramey, still contemplating his chessboard.
"I've got to step out for a bit. If Max gets back, let him know I'll return shortly."
Ramey paused, his expression puzzled.
It was late; what could possibly be so urgent?
Lately, everyone in Premier Palace had been treating Brielle like the crown jewel, fearful of her coming to any harm And with Max's
comforting presence, her spirits had been gradually lifting, the past few days cocooned in sweetness.
Ramey was well aware of Max's plans. Likely by tomorrow, Dorsey International would be under new ownership, and the day after that, Brielle was scheduled for deep hypnosis.
The timing was deliberate. Once
Brielle saw the news, her mood
would further relax, especially since the acquisition of Dorsey
International was a testament tonet
Max's prowess. He had proven to all that he never needed Dorsey
International, and the rumors on the net would crumble. Max remained the untouchable figure in the clouds. 
For Brielle, Max's lover, watching him endure public criticism must have been distressing. But once the acquisition was a success, her surprise and joy would overshadow any remaining wariness. 
And that's why the deep hypnosis was planned for the day following the triumph of the acquisition.
###Chapter 960
"It's getting late. Want me to come with you, or wait until Mr. Dorsey gets back and go together?"
Ramey glanced up, catching a brief look from Brielle before she quickly averted her gaze and headed for the door.
"No need, I'll be right back."
There wasn't much Ramey could say. After all, Brielle was the lady of the house.
As Brielle stepped outside, her phone buzzed again, still those persistent calls from the other side.
"There's a car waiting for you at the gate."
Brielle's palms were clammy with sweat as she thought about how to reach out to Max, or even Andrew. Sure, Andrew was a jerk, but he still cared about what happened to Aubree.
She pressed her lips together, wondering if the other side still had tabs on her.
So she moved the phone away, exiting the call screen.
But immediately, the voice sharply reminded her.
"Ms. Brielle, I've told you, don't try any tricks. Every move you make is under my watchful eye."
There was a calm defiance in Brielle's eyes, knowing there was no other way now.
Even if getting into the car meant facing death, she had to go if Aubree was in trouble.
She couldn't help but touch her belly, feeling a flicker of worry and anxiety.
But she had no choice. Contacting Max now might result in Aubree losing a finger. How did they manage to monitor her every move?
"Once I get there, will you really let Aubree go?"
The voice on the other end grew serious, "Of course, Ms. Brielle, we value our word."
With that, Brielle stopped talking and lowered her head as she got into the car.
The driver was a stranger. The moment Brielle got in, he confiscated her phone and handed her a new one.
"Ms. Brielle, please use this one."
After saying that, he tossed Brielle's phone into another car. Brielle could tell that the other vehicle was also manned by their crew. If Max tried to track her phone signal later, this would lead him astray. She remained silent, not resisting, just watching her phone being discarded.
The new phone handed to her was already on a call, with the same man from before.
Clearly, she wasn't supposed to hang up, or they would use Aubree as leverage again.
Brielle suppressed her emotions and tried to piece together the situation.
Who could be behind this?
The Dorsey clan?
But the Dorsey family was almost out of resources, none with such capabilities.
Michael had the means, but wasn't he hospitalized? Besides, with William gone, Antonio, who was in charge now, wasn't the choice
Michael would have wanted. If
Michael had the power to kidel
Aubree, he'd likely be in a life-or-death struggle with Antonio first. 
Yet Michael had been silent, a sign his influence had been sidelined.
It wasn't him who kidnapped Aubree.
As for Antonig, in Brielle's mind, he was someone blinded by power. The last time Tiffanie was kidnapped, it seemed like his doing. But this time, with Aubree's abduction, it looked like someone else's hand was in it. 
The more she thought, the more agitated she became, her pregnancy making her especially unsettled.
Yet the car drove serenely, the phone was quiet, and so was the driver in the front seat.
Brielle couldn't help but feel the pull of sleep.
Her nails dug into her palms, a sharp pain bringing her back to her senses. She looked outside. The car had left the Beaconsfield city limits. It was
Park, and so she had no idea
where she was being taken. 
Then the phone crackled with a new voice, hoarse and unfamiliar.
"Awake?"
Brielle's pupils constricted, her mind snapping to attention. She recognized the voice - it was King.
She sat up straight, clutching the phone in her hand.
"King?"
There was a light chuckle on the other end, no denial.
Brielle narrowed her eyes, unclear about his motives. He had been around from the beginning, always unhurried, like a patient hunter.
"What do you really want?"
King's voice was airy, yet persistent, "I want to take you away, Brielle."
Brielle almost laughed, quickly regaining her composure.
"We go way back, so if it's me you want, can you let Aubree go?"
The man behind the mask lounged back in his chair, surrounded by hushed attendants. They tiptoed around, carefully presenting him with fruit, kneeling to rub his legs.
His posture was languid and shadowy, embodying the night itself.
Cloaked in secrets, he was like a blooming poppy - captivating, yet fraught with danger.
###Chapter 961
"Don't worry, as long as you play nice, she'll be fine."
Brielle let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. Just as she was about to ask what he really wanted, his voice came through the line again, this time with an unsettling warmth. "Brielle, I've missed you."
Her whole body went rigid, a chill creeping down her spine, goosebumps popping up all over. This wasn't funny at all-it felt like he was spinning a ghost story.
She stayed silent, and he waited patiently on the other end.
After a minute, he chuckled, but his voice lost its warmth, turning darker.
"You better sweet-talk me a little, or I can't promise my guys won't do something to Aubree."
His lips curled into a smirk as he looked at a huge surveillance screen showing Brielle's face. In the cramped space of the car, she sat up straight, her expression calm but filled with disgust.
She was stunning, every expression captivating. The thought of hiding her away, out of sight from everyone else, was tempting. Was Max really holding her down every night, kissing her lips? Damn it. Brielle's grip on her phone tightened, a sense of horror creeping over her. Maybe it was the recent dreams about this man that made his sudden appearance so revolting and terrifying. But she had to stay cool. This guy was crazier than anyone she'd ever met.
"King, do we have some kind of history or something?"
The first time she met him at the casino, she felt something familiar about him but could never figure out who he might be.
The guy was a walking contradiction, always lurking in the shadows, quietly watching every move in Beaconsfield. He was like a snake in the dark, ready to strike when you least expected it. Obsessively watching her on the screen, his eyes clouded with a hint of sadness at her deflection.
"I asked for sweet talk, and you're changing the subject."
Brielle bit her lip, her hand clenched at her side, feeling humiliated and disgusted. It had been a while since she left the Premier Palace. Max must have returned by now, right? Had he noticed she was gone? King read her expression and knew what she was thinking.
"Waiting for Max to come rescue you?"
There was amusement and a chill in his tone, like he was watching a joke unfold.
"Brielle, that's the thing with Max, too stubborn to let you know when he's hurt."
A shiver ran down Brielle's spine, fearing this was his tactic to break her down.
"Recently, he's been with you in the villa, utterly devoted. You've been happy, but he's been in agony every minute. Especially as time goes on, he can hardly sleep from the pain. Haven't you noticed him zoning out more lately?" 
Brielle didn't respond, but her pale face betrayed the truth in King's words. Max had indeed been bending over backward to be good to her indulging her without limits, ignoring everything else as if she were his sole focus. 
In love, everyone is selfish.
Brielle didn't care about Max's status, whether past or present. All she wanted was simple: to start a family with Max, have a beautiful baby, and live out their days in peace.
So the fact that Max was no longer the CEO of Dorsey International secretly delighted her. But she also knew it was selfish. A man with ambitions couldn't be confined by a fleeting romance. She longed for more time together, yet neglected Max's feelings.
Before she could speak up, King continued.
"He wasn't distracted, he was in pain
and couldn't focus on your words, only pretending to zone out. Remember that text you sent him? He dropped everything he was planning and rushed to your side. And you, you never asked what he was busy with when he vanished. Maybe deep down, you sensed that you were holding him back from something big. But you're greedy, you're fragile. Even knowing you were pregnant, you still wanted him at your side." 
The last bit of color drained from Brielle's face, her hand squeezing so tightly that the pain seemed to pierce her heart.
"Max, you know, he gave up the plans he'd made with Brodie to be with you. All because you said you were pregnant."
King's voice floated lightly, his fingertips slowly pinching a grape as if he held a grudge against the fruit. The juice stained his fingertips, turning his nails a deep purple.
A suppressed temptation lingered in the air.
###Chapter 962
A servant hurriedly passed over a handkerchief, and he gently wiped his fingertips, a slight smirk forming at the corners of his mouth.
you."
"Ever since he gave up on the plan, the pain in his head has gotten worse by the day. You know how tough he is, right? Imagine the kind of pain that even he can't handle - it would drive anyone else insane. But he endured it, stayed gentle with you - that's true love for He spoke of love, but his eyes were full of mockery, clearly scoffing at the idea.
Brielle couldn't stand to listen any longer; a voice inside her insisted that everything King said was true. She wasn't worried about her own safety anymore; all she could think about was Max. Where could he be now? Could he be hiding somewhere, unable to bear the pain? It wasn't that he didn't want to answer her calls, but maybe he was just too out of it to even reach for his phone.
Max. Max.
The thought of him made Brielle's heart ache.
King kept his eyes on the surveillance monitors, noticing the subtle pain in her expressions. He realized her suffering didn't bring him the satisfaction he had expected.
Making her suffer didn't make him happy.
As the car continued down the road, Brielle managed to pull herself together. If she kept drowning in the mood King had set, she'd spend the whole ride in a daze, not thinking, not noticing the occasional landmarks they passed. She wasn't going to let him lead her around anymore. She turned to look out the window.
But it was too dark outside, and the fleeting landmarks suggested they were leaving Beaconsfield, heading to who knows where.
"Did you send Aubree back? Boss King is supposed to be a man of his word."
Her tone was casual, but she closed her eyes to hide any emotions that might give her away.
"Not yet, Brielle. I need to see you first before I let her go."
Brielle had no idea what kind of history she had with this man. She fell silent, and the car returned to its quiet hum.
By the time they reached the neighboring city, Brielle had fallen asleep. Pregnant and tired, she couldn't handle such a long journey.
As soon as the car stopped, she got out and started vomiting violently, like her stomach was turning inside out. Her face was pale, the healthy glow Max had helped her regain completely gone, her eyes sunken, her body thin again.
Brielle's legs felt like jelly, as if they were carrying a thousand pounds, making it hard for her to move. She had no clue where they had parked. Just as she looked up to get a better look, someone threw a black cloth over her eyes, plunging her into darkness.
Overwhelmed, Brielle felt like crying.
She realized that since becoming pregnant, her emotions had been all over the place. Max had taken good care of her, but now, she felt like she couldn't hold on any longer. 
Two people came and helped her walk forward.
Brielle had barely taken a few steps when she desperately wished she could find a place to vomit again. Then she heard Aubree's voice.
"Bri? Is that you?"
Brielle froze, a wave of excitement washing over her.
"Aubree?"
Aubree's hands were tied, her eyes covered with a black cloth, but she recognized the sound of Brielle's cough from afar. After all these years, she knew everything about Brielle.
Knowing that Brielle was here too, Aubree felt an urgent need to get up. But as soon as she tried to rise, a cold gun barrel pressed against her forehead.
Blinded by the cloth, she could only sense that they were in a large room. They had been driving for
hours, and with no traffic soundet
nearby, it seemed like they were at a secluded estate on the outskirts of the neighboring city.
She had no idea who these people were and didn't even feel panicked; she had long since come to terms with life and death. But now that Brielle was here, Aubree was frantic, unsure of what to do. "Bri, how are you feeling?"
Brielle was already thin, and after such an ordeal, Aubree wished she could take on all of Brielle's pain herself.
Brielle coughed twice and was pushed onto a sofa. Thankfully, it was soft enough that she didn't feel hurt, just an ongoing discomfort in her stomach.
"Just feeling nauseous."
No sooner had she spoken than a trash bin was placed in front of her. Someone held her by the shoulders, facing her towards the open bin. Brielle let it all out, her eyes reddening from the strain. She felt miserable all over.
Hearing her vomiting, Aubree was startled and immediately stood up, ignoring the gun still pointed at her.
"Bri?!"
She moved towards where Brielle
was, but after just one step,
someone grabbed her arm and then forcefully pushed her in front of Brielle. Blinded as she was, Aubree didn't notice that if it hadn't been for the person who grabbed her, she would have tumbled over the coffee table. 
And as Aubree struggled, the gun that was pointed at her also retreated, as if truly afraid she'd do something rash. But with both she and Brielle blindfolded, they couldn't see a thing.
###Chapter 963
"Bri."
Aubree felt Brielle's presence nearby and wanted to reach out, but her hands were tied behind her back, leaving her helpless.
Since being brought into this room, she had been under constant surveillance. When she mentioned she was hungry, someone fed her bite by bite. When she said she was thirsty, they gave her sips of water. She hadn't been mistreated, and at first, she thought it might be the work of an overzealous fan, especially given her recent surge in popularity on social media. But when Brielle showed up, Aubree realized this wasn't about her-it was about Brielle.
"How are you holding up? Thirsty? Need some water?"
Brielle couldn't utter a word; her forehead was slick with sweat.
Aubree raised her voice to their captors, "Bring her a glass of warm water! You can't just let her suffer like this!"
A moment later, a glass of warm water was brought over. The lead man sneered at her.
"Don't push your luck. Hostages should know their place."
If his bosses hadn't strictly ordered against any reckless actions, he would've dealt with Aubree already.
Aubree stayed silent, managing to bring the water to Brielle's lips.
Brielle's hands were free. After taking a sip and rinsing her mouth, she leaned back, fighting the overwhelming exhaustion. Pregnant women shouldn't be subjected to such stress, and the long, grueling journey had drained her completely.
Aubree patted her back, silently vowing to do everything she could to prevent Brielle from going through what she had. Brielle's life was different; she had never been betrayed by men and had a loving boyfriend. All she needed was to keep being happy. The two women sat in silence on the couch, knowing that trying to get any information from their captors was futile.
Aubree had been there for hours, trying various tactics to no avail. They only responded to basic needs.
Dawn came quickly.
Meanwhile, in Beaconsfield, Andrew had turned the town upside down looking for Aubree all night but found no clues. Every method had been exhausted, yet she seemed to have vanished into thin air.
Thinking of Aubree's past ordeals, Andrew felt a surge of emotion, unable to finish a single sentence.
The Clements family had a wide reach-how could there be no news?
Frantic, he stormed out of the house like a caged beast, and no one dared to get in his way.
Andrew got into his car, with his assistant driving.
The atmosphere inside was tense. In a hoarse voice, Andrew instructed, "Drive to Premier Palace."
Though Max was no longer the CEO of Dorsey International, Andrew knew he had ways to make things difficult for the company.
Unsure of Max's exact capabilities
but certain they surpassed his own,
Andre
was determined to seek i
his
help He had tried calling Max, but there was no answer. 
Upon reaching Premier Palace and preparing to ring the bell, Andrew saw the door open, and out came Ramey.
Andrew knew there was a new, young butler at Premier Palace, but he had no time to question it. He needed answers. "Where's Max?"
Ramey looked anxious. Max had been gone from the villa, and Brielle
hadn'ted since she left t
previous night. He had tried calling, to no avail. 
Max had only recently stabilized Brielle's mood; any mishap now could undo all that work.
"I don't know where Mr. Dorsey is. Ms. Brielle went out last night and hasn't come back either."
Andrew's eyes narrowed, and he quickly dialed Brielle's number. No answer.
Seeing Andrew's worried expression, Ramey couldn't help but ask, "Is something wrong?"
Without wasting words, Andrew turned on his heel and contacted Jaired.
If anyone in Beaconsfield had influence, it was Jaired, who had been keeping a low profile with his own mysterious endeavors.
Andrew knew Jaired was hiding something from him, but he didn't care. With Aubree and Brielle in
trouble, he needed Jaired's power. 
"Andrew?"
Jaired answered the call with a chuckle, rolling over in his bed.
His room was spacious but starkly empty, devoid even of servants.
###Chapter 964
"Look, I need you to find Aubree and Brielle. Use your connections; they're in trouble."
Jaired frowned, pushing himself up from the bed. "What about Max?"
It was odd. If Brielle was in trouble, wouldn't Andrew have called Max first?
"Max is missing too and he's not answering his phone."
Jaired paused, taken aback. "Alright, I'll have my people look into it."
Without hesitation, Andrew headed straight to Jaired's place. Jaired was a blue-blood in their circle, a scion of the influential Riddle family. Andrew figured that even if Jaired had secrets, they couldn't possibly endanger him or Max. Stepping into Jaired's room, Andrew felt an overwhelming sense of solitude wash over him. The place was spotless but void of warmth. Lately, Jaired had hardly been seen at social gatherings, almost as if he'd lost his drive.
The chill in the room bit into Andrew's bones as he saw Jaired, scantily clad, making one call after another. When he reached some of the heavy hitters and mentioned Brielle's disappearance, they seemed even more frantic than him. "The Brielle who had a fling with Mr. Dorsey? The Brielle who's been trending recently?" They kept asking for confirmation.
"Yes, that's her. Check all the exits. The Clements family has their tendrils throughout Beaconsfield, but she's vanished without a trace."
"I'll have my guys on it immediately. If there's any word on Brielle, let me know. I'll spread the word right now."
Jaired chuckled, a slight curve to his lips. "Why do I get the feeling you're more anxious than I am?"
"Well, there was a heads-up in our circle about her. Anything concerning Brielle should be handled with care. Must be family, I guess. We're told to keep an eye out for her."
Jaired didn't respond, his lashes lowered. "I appreciate it. Keep me posted, and check on Max's whereabouts too."
After hanging up, Jaired gestured to Andrew with a tilt of his chin. "Have a seat."
Andrew felt like he'd freeze to death in the room's icy temperature. Yet Jaired seemed unfazed, calmly awaiting updates.
Half an hour later, they heard back. They had the information on the bus Aubree had taken, but damn it, the mastermind behind this was
cautious. There were nearly tenet
buses under suspicion, all heading in different directions at the same
time. 
The same went for Brielle. After her ride reached a surveillance blind spot, there were over a dozen identical vehicles, each heading off in all directions.
No wonder the Clements clan was struggling to track them down. Only someone with an intimate knowledge of the transport system could spot such minute discrepancies.
Seeing the setup, Jaired's heart sank. Whoever was behind this was skilled. Now, even knowing the directions, splitting their forces to track each vehicle would just open up an opportunity for their adversary. Jaired massaged his temples, a spark of excitement in his eyes. Finally, something interesting.
"What about Max?" he continued.
"That's just it. We got leads on Brielle and Aubree, but Max was acting off when he left the villa. And then... poof. He vanished without a trace."
After the call, Jaired regarded Andrew. The call had been on speaker, so Andrew must have heard it all. Their only option was to chase down those vehicles-all of them.
Meanwhile, Brielle and Aubree sat on a couch, feeling the room fill with the sound of a TV turned on by someone else. The hottest news of the day was blaring through the speakers.
They rose and quickly left the cold room behind.
DreamTech Designs, a titan in Al,
had boldly acquired Dorsey
International. Antonio, the new head honcho, had barely warmed his seat before having to give it up.
els
Everything seemed surreal, and the public debate had reached a fever pitch. 
As Brielle listened to the news, disbelief washed over her. She always knew Max had the means, but she'd never imagined his methods would be so direct and ruthless. How had he pulled off
acquiring Dorsey International in
less than a week? 
Although the news didn't reveal the mastermind behind DreamTech Designs, piecing together what Brodie had said at the Premier Palace, Brielle guessed it was Max-the man who haunted her thoughts, capable of anything.
Yet the Max by her side had been enduring agony all this time. Her eyes instantly misted. The news anchor's voice was shrill, cracking with excitement. The magnitude of the news was evident.
###Chapter 965
For decades, the Dorsey family ruled Beaconsfield, but in a jaw-dropping twist, their empire, Dorsey International, was suddenly bought out!
Just as the Dorsey family was making waves with scandal after scandal, who would've thought it was all leading up to their company being taken over?
Everyone was buzzing with the same question: Who's the mysterious CEO behind Dream Tech Designs? And why did they want Dorsey International?
Brielle, listening to the TV host's rapid-fire questions, felt an overwhelming urge to shout from the rooftops-it was Max, the man who could always pull off the impossible. She was ecstatic, but also deeply anxious. Proud of him, yet filled with worry.
An audible gasp from the TV host cut through the tension.
"Dream Tech Designs' financial reports have always been impressive, and their CEO has kept a low profile. This sudden takeover of Dorsey International has everyone desperate to unmask the mastermind. And just now, it's been revealed-Dream Tech Designs' CEO is Max!"
Aubree had been dozing on Brielle's shoulder. Last night, after Brielle fell asleep, she stayed awake, fearing what the crowd might do to them in the dead of night. Being alert, she could at least warn Brielle. Now, half-awake, she heard Max's name and groggily lifted her head.
"What's up with Max?"
"He's taken over Dorsey International."
"Oh."
Aubree sank back into sleep, only to jolt upright moments later like a goose with its neck wrung.
"What?! Max took over Dorsey International?!"
Their eyes were still covered, relying only on the dramatic TV report.
Brielle nodded, "Yep."
Having grown up in Beaconsfield, Aubree had seen Dorsey International's glory days firsthand. But in such a short span?
Less than two weeks since Max left Dorsey International, and now he's the new owner?
Her mind was a whirlwind of shock and determination. No matter what lay ahead, she was resolved to protect Brielle.
Brielle turned her focus to the television, listening intently.
"Nobody saw it coming, that Max was the brain behind DreamTech Designs. And to think, DreamTech Designs has only been around for a decade, meaning Max founded it when he was just sixteen, right at the start of his Wall Street journey. Now, reporters are swarming Dorsey International's doorstep, eager to hear from Max, who's remained out of sight since the media storm."
"Rumor has it Antonio threw a massive tantrum. The top-floor office is trashed, and journalists caught his angry exit on camera."
Hearing this, Brielle's lips curled into a frosty smirk.
Antonio's stint as CEO of Dorsey International had lasted just a single day.
The excitement he showed yesterday had turned into today's fury and humiliation.
Yesterday he was confidently addressing the press, listing all of Max's supposed wrongdoings, convinced that Max was the one who had brought the Dorsey family to its knees. 
But Max had proven, with sheer might, that he was beyond the Dorseys-that taking over Dorsey International was child's play for him.
The internet exploded with chatter,
the consensus clear-Max is still
Max, his, throne unshaken. He never left his pedestal, simply uninterested in the petty squabbles below 
In fact, his pedestal now seemed higher, sturdier than ever.
QUMS
The sixteen-year-old who founded Dream Tech Designs had become a titan in artificial intelligence. While the Dorseys tore each other apart he simply walked away, then returned like a deity amidst the chaos. 
Recalling Antonio's mockery during yesterday's press conference, calling Max a fallen man, today's dramatic twist was nothing short of a slap in the face. Antonio must be kicking himself for holding that conference.
As smug as he was then, he was now equally embarrassed and disgraced.
The shortest reign in Dorsey International history, even shorter than William's one-week stint.
Just one day-a single day.
An absolute farce!
Everyone laughed at the Dorseys, jeering at Antonio.
A deluge of opinions and mockery nearly drove Antonio to madness.
All his cunning plans had led to this.
How could it be?
Hadn't the gentleman promised to help him?
###Chapter 966
Antonio was racking his brain, trying to figure out where things had gone off the rails.
How did Max, once shunned by the Dorseys, end up as the secret CEO of Dream Tech Designs? Why did the power promised to him vanish into thin air? Had he failed in his mission? But hadn't the Dorseys' influence helped him capture Aubree and Brielle? What went wrong? Antonio never doubted the Boss; he was a die-hard believer. If something had gone awry, it had to be because he didn't follow the Boss's orders to the letter. He grabbed his car keys, ready to leave, when the butler approached him respectfully. "The old man wants to see you upstairs."
A flicker of irritation crossed Antonio's face. What could that old codger possibly want now? He stomped up the stairs, a storm of rage brewing inside him, wishing he could smash everything in his path. He had installed a TV in the old man's room to show him how he was climbing the ladder, using Max as a stepping stone. But now, the tables had turned; Max was climbing over everyone at Dorsey International.
The news was everywhere, with the TV constantly covering it. The old man must have seen it by now. Antonio felt a wave of embarrassment and wished the old man would just drop dead.
"Grandpa, what is it? If you're talking about the news online, yes, it's true. And I don't need your mockery. I just need to get back in the Boss's good graces, and I can still turn this around. Max is nothing."
To speak so boldly at this point was sheer madness. Anyone could see the terrifying power of DreamTech Designs, which had taken over Dorsey International in just a few days. But Antonio believed the Boss was far more formidable than Max. He needed to get to the estate and figure out what went wrong, see if there was still time to fix it. It was just DreamTech Designs, after all. The Boss would have a plan.
Michael sat quietly in his chair, watching the TV host heap praise on Max. Days ago, everyone thought Max was done for-breaking with the Dorseys, facing lawsuits, and jail time. Now, no one believed Max had stolen anything from the Dorseys. The money for DreamTech Designs' first move the acquisition of a bankrupt toy factory-was earned on Wall Street by Max himself. He owed nothing to the Dorseys; in fact, he had been their most diligent worker for years. With him, the Dorsey family was stable, like a towering mountain in Beaconsfield, unmovable.
It wasn't Max who had stolen from Dorsey International; it was Dorsey International that had stolen his life's work, his youth. How could the Dorseys have the audacity to accuse Max?
The host seemed eager to elevate
Max to sainthood. DreamTech Designs, though discreet in its dealings, had a power that couldn't be understated. The company had even made deals with the top twenty universities globally, investing in them so they would feed it a steady stream of Al prodigies for decades. Max had truly earned his title as a financial wizard. 
Watching the news, Michael felt only calm. He had regretted his actions, but it was too late now-the Dorsey empire was in Max's hands. If someone had suggested such a thing the day before, Michael would have laughed it off. Who could take over Dorsey International? Who had the means?
Michael stared at the television, not
wanting to miss a single detail. If he had one regret in life, it was that because of Brielle, he had driven Max to break with the Dorseys. And Max had DreamTech Designs, something Michael couldn't have fathomed in his wildest dreams. He was worthy of Michael's faith, a man who'd emerged from turmoil since he was ten. Michael's judgment hadn't failed; his chosen successor could overturn any expectation. 
Once again, Michael regretted his actions deeply. The fate of Dorsey International's acquisition was sealed, but as its former heir, Michael still felt a sense of duty. He didn't want to face his ancestors in hell bearing the shame of failure. "Ashton, even though Dorsey International has been acquired, go negotiate with Max. Ask him to retain the Dorsey name and not merge it into Dream Tech Designs."
Always Max.
Antonio almost laughed. Max likely despised the Dorseys by now, having been their scapegoat and even blamed for William's death.
"Grandpa, are you joking?"
Michael scoffed, "You don't
understand him. I know him best. Despite everything the Dorseys have done, he won't hate me. He doesn't even know what that feels like. Just talk to him, reason with him, and you could still be the president of Dorsey International. There's still room to maneuver." 
"Enough!"
###Chapter 967
At this point, the idea of begging Max for help was a joke. The Dorsey family had never stooped so low.
No wonder they had grown too reliant on Max over the years.
Antonio took a deep breath, a cold smirk forming on his lips. "I have my own plans."
Michael couldn't help but chuckle. "Plans? Collaborating with your so-called partner-have you ever wondered why he'd just hand over Dorsey International to you? Sure, it might not be what it once was, but even a skinny camel is bigger than a horse. What's he getting out of this, if not for some twisted charity, leaving cold hard cash on the table?"
Straight to the heart of it.
Michael, a veteran in the business world, had sensed that this so-called partner was anything but friendly towards the Dorsey family.
Antonio was merely a sword in the man's hand, and a sharp one at that.
If this shadowy figure were to take down the Dorsey family directly, it would be fair play. But using Antonio to exact revenge was more than a loss of the company-it was a wound deeper than any blade, a pain a hundred times worse.
Look at William, who couldn't rest even in death.
And Michael himself, imprisoned by the grandson he had so underestimated.
What a farce it was, this decaying estate on the brink of its final frenzy.
Yet Antonio, ever the dreamer awaiting a windfall, was the perfect pawn for manipulation.
When faced with Michael's interrogation, Antonio was speechless, panic setting in.
What could the man possibly gain from him?
In Antonio's eyes, the man was invincible, capable of anything. So why the need to collaborate?
Seeing a glimmer of sense return to Antonio, Michael probed about his recent plans.
Though Antonio resented Michael's controlling nature, in this moment, he laid all his cards on the table, including his decision to send Aubree and Brielle to the manor.
The manor was an old Dorsey family property, long closed off and largely forgotten.
It was a relic from an older generation, and its seclusion meant even Michael rarely visited.
Hearing that Brielle and Aubree were there, Michael's eyes narrowed. "That place, huh? Ashton, come closer. There's a secret about that estate you should know." Michael whispered something into Antonio's ear, prompting a visible reaction.
With a cold laugh, Michael said, "Use that secret to negotiate with your Uncle Max. I'm sure he'll keep Dorsey International afloat for that. Ashton, this is your last chance." Antonio said nothing, his gaze heavy on Michael.
It was only after leaving the family home that he snorted in disdain.
As if a few words from Michael could make him betray his master. Impossible. He needed to see the manor for himself, to ensure nothing had gone awry with the plans entrusted to him. 
At the manor.
Brielle and Aubree were still blindfolded. Brielle's condition was deteriorating.
She barely touched breakfast before throwing it up.
Curled on the couch, her forehead was slick with sweat.
Aubree comforted her, "Bri, just breathe deeply, relax. The baby will be fine. Max will come for us soon, or if not, Andrew will." Aubree patted Brielle's back and wiped her mouth with a tissue from the coffee table.
They had been left alone since the e
previous night, their meals served punctually, but the intentions behind their captivity remained a mystery. 
Medicine had been provided, but Brielle dared not take any. Pregnant women must be cautious; one wrong pill could mean the loss of her child.
She knew King was behind this, but why hadn't he shown himself?
Little did Brielle know that it wasn't a matter of will but capacity that kept King from them.
King wouldn't have hidden them away in this nearly forsaken Dorsey estate otherwise.
Emerging from the pool, King's lean figure was on full display. A droplet of water trailed down his angular face pausing at his collarbone. 
His dark, wet hair dripped as he reached for a robe and tied it carelessly around himself.
Mask back in place, he stepped outside.
Someone waited for him, bowing their head quickly at his appearance. "King, are you feeling better?"
King rubbed his temple, his voice hoarse. "Have you cleared out Max's influence as I instructed?"
"Yes. The spots you pointed out were indeed his weak links. We've removed the obstacles. He won't find Ms. Brielle for a while."
King reclined on a nearby chaise lounge, his mask giving him an aura of cold detachment.
"We can't be complacent. He is Max, after all."
"Strong as Max may be, he's no match for you, King."
King's lips curved into a wry smile. "Of course. I am the one who knows him best in this world."
###Chapter 968
The guy in front of him didn't dare say a word, hardly even breathed, keeping his eyes glued to the floor. King was lazily toying with the tiny goldfish in the bowl, fascinated as he sprinkled some fish food into the water.
"King," the man next to him began, treading lightly, "there's just one misunderstanding between Max and Brielle. Her pregnancy is the key. If you really want to win over Ms. Brielle, start there. Arrange to get rid of her baby and make it look like Max's fault." King's fingers froze, his smirk flattening into a hard line.
The speaker, oblivious to his misstep, kept going. "That woman's been so reckless, sticking with Max all this time and even getting pregnant. She should consider herself lucky you're interested in her."
Before his words fully settled, the cold barrel of a gun pressed against his head.
"Bang."
From loading to firing, it took all of two seconds.
The dead guy probably never imagined his life would end like this. But everyone around was used to such scenes. Some stepped forward to drag the body away, others bowed their heads, mechanically mopping up the blood splattered across the floor. "Annoying," King muttered, sliding the fish food container back onto the table.
The air hung heavy with the scent of fresh blood. King licked his lips and turned to the person beside him. "Do you think he deserved it?"
"Absolutely. He didn't get you. Even Max wouldn't do something like that, and you'd be even less likely to."
Brielle's baby was never going to make it. The doctors had said so long ago. Even if Brielle wanted to be a self-sacrificing mother, it wouldn't change the outcome.
Max, worried about Brielle's feelings and health, was already thinking about using hypnosis to deal with it.
And King, who loved Brielle even more than Max, couldn't bear to hurt her in any brutish or crude way.
If he harmed Brielle in any way, he'd just push her further away.
But he was fed up with all those people buzzing around Brielle like flies.
Stellar Stage Entertainment, Aubree, Keiran, and even the mysterious Ricardo-all had a spot in her heart.
A heart only has so much space, and these people were taking up too much of it.
He wanted Brielle's heart to be empty, to hold only him.
So Max had to go. Once he was out of the picture, King would take Brielle far away from Beaconsfield. Wouldn't that be perfect?
Then her heart would be empty, her eyes and heart filled only with him.
Would Brielle mourn Max?
Impossible. She didn't love Max.
Not a chance.
King watched the goldfish, his voice.
calm. "I can't wait any longer. Do whatever it takes. I don't want Max to see another day. I need to see Brielle." 
"Got it. I'll do my best. But the guy who just died was right; there's still a misunderstanding between Max and Brielle." "Then create a misunderstanding, but don't hurt her, got it?"
"Understood. But don't you want to see Ms. Brielle? She needs someone now more than ever. Women are emotional. Max won her over with tenderness. You could give that a try 
Tenderness?
swr
That wasn't his thing.
But he did want to see her.
Brielle had no clue how long she'd been asleep; with a blindfold on, time was meaningless.
By evening, a new visitor showed up at the estate-Antonio.
He had left in the morning and only arrived by evening.
The estate belonged to the old guard of Dorsey International, so naturally, he had a key.
Seeing the two women on the sofa, his face twisted with rage.
He grabbed a dagger and lunged at Brielle.
Max had taken over Dorsey International, and what he treasured most was this woman. Marring her
face, searring it beyond recognition,
would be Max's worst nightmare. 
###Chapter 969
Within the sprawling estate, Brielle and Aubree were under constant watch. Some guards were loyal to Antonio, the enigmatic figure, while others were under King, another shadowy presence. Antonio's men treated Brielle with palpable disdain, as if they'd love nothing more than to tear her apart. On the flip side, King's men were respectful, preventing any harm from coming to her. Then Antonio himself showed up.
"Max, cool your jets. The ladies are off-limits for now," someone blocked Antonio's path.
Off-limits?
Antonio thought he'd misheard. With the grudge against Max, sparing his women seemed out of the question. If this woman died, even if Max acquired Dorsey International, he'd live in misery forever.
"Max, the boss's orders are clear. No one acts until he arrives."
To Antonio, the boss was like a deity. He wouldn't dare disobey.
He lowered his dagger and approached Brielle, his voice dripping with loathing. "Who'd have thought you'd end up like this?"
Brielle didn't know Antonio well, but she recognized his voice.
Antonio?
Sitting on a nearby couch, Antonio's eyes roamed over Brielle, as if undressing her with his gaze. William had talked about toying with Brielle once they got Dorsey International-after all, she was Max's woman. Maybe she had some tricks up her sleeve in bed. Antonio agreed. The thought of defiling Max's love thrilled him.
Yet here she was, and he couldn't touch her.
His face twisted with hatred as he thought about Max's aggressive takeover, his mouth tasting of blood.
When would the boss arrive? Antonio was impatient, eager for answers.
His eyes bore into Brielle, as if he wanted to peel her skin off.
But Brielle, blindfolded, couldn't see. She only felt his creepy stare, making her skin crawl.
Antonio managed to restrain himself, waiting for the boss's arrival.
He had unwavering faith in the boss. Even with Dream Tech Designs snapping up Dorsey International, what did it matter? The boss was invincible, far stronger than Max.
Old man Michael still hoped for Max-foolish beyond belief.
Antonio felt different from the rest; he was the Dorsey family's hope. Only he had beaten Max. That old man, outplayed by Max, was now stuck in the family mansion for his twilight years. Defeating Max had become Antonio's obsession, his only path to sanity.
The boss's arrival was his beacon of light.
A smug smile curled on his lips. The mansion, perched on the mountain, backed onto a sheer cliff. Once the boss arrived, Antonio planned to have his way with Brielle, then kill her and toss her off the cliff for wolves and dogs to devour. 
Max's pain would be his greatest joy.
Lost in his twisted fantasies, Antonio didn't notice the brewing storm outside The wind howled, descending from the mountain's peak, hinting at rain. The sky darkened ominously. 
Brielle lay on the couch, having spent a day and a night in this state.
An hour later, she heard heavy footsteps. Someone lifted her chin. "Look at you, all skin and bones, poor thing."
The man's voice was laced with pity as his fingertips traced her skin.
It was King.
He had finally arrived.
Brielle had been gathering her strength, knowing a showdown with this man was inevitable.
His touch repulsed her, but she knew she had to negotiate.
"Now that you're here, let Aubree go."
"So concerned for her?" King remarked, as Aubree, who had awoken, sensed the danger and clung to Brielle.
"I won't leave! Let me stay," Aubree pleaded.
King raised an eyebrow, his tone edged with danger. "You want to stay and feed the wolves? You were just bait. Tonight, I'll have someone take you away." 
Aubree stiffened. If she left, what fate awaited Brielle?
She propped herself up, lunging forward, hoping to provoke the man and force him to keep her there. Or maybe he'd just pull the trigger and end her misery.
If Brielle died, Aubree's life would hold no meaning.
Hadn't they promised to see the world together?
If she were to be left alone in this world...
She was tired, perhaps longing for an escape ever since that last terrible incident.
In her final moments, her thoughts weren't only of Brielle but also of Andrew.
###Chapter 970
One taught her how to grow; the other, how to love.
Andrew was a real piece of work, not worth a second thought. But in that split second when death feels imminent, the heart has a mind of its own. The past rushes through like a slideshow of memories.
When Aubree lunged, she didn't crash into a gun barrel or meet with violence; she ended up sprawling on the carpeted floor instead. She had aimed for King, and if he hadn't stepped aside, she would have collided right into him. King stood off to the side, watching her with an impatient look. "Drama queen," he muttered under his breath.
He turned to someone nearby, giving orders, "Don't untie her ropes on the way back. She's got way too much energy."
Aubree, blindfolded, could only gauge his position by his voice. Hearing his words, she couldn't help but curse inwardly. She wanted to provoke him, to make him keep her there.
But before she could finish her thought, someone stuffed a gag into her mouth and whisked her off to another room. Now, she was tied up, blindfolded, and silenced.
Brielle was already sitting on the couch. When the noise beside her stopped, her heart sank.
"Where's Aubree?" she asked.
"She'll be shipped out tonight," came the reply.
Brielle let out a sigh of relief. She knew King wasn't exactly a good guy, but as someone who ran a casino, he was likely a man of his word.
He turned on the TV, which was still airing news about Max. The story had been on all day. Everyone wanted to interview Max, but he'd never accepted any interviews when he was at Dorsey International. He preferred staying under the radar.
The media loved a good drama, and Max's stunning counterattack and new identity reveal had turned the rest of the Dorsey family into a bunch of clowns. Antonio had been getting roasted all day.
As Brielle listened to the TV praise Max, a small smile tugged at her lips.
The room's temperature suddenly dropped, and she could feel the chill from the air conditioner. She heard a man's voice.
"If he's so amazing, why hasn't he come to rescue you yet?"
King didn't bother turning off the TV. He wasn't one to fuss over small things and kept chipping away at Brielle's defenses.
"You've been locked up here for over twenty-four hours, and there's been no sign of him. What do you think?~~~
Maybe he's in agony somew
You know the type-if he can't handle it, he'd probably hide away to spare you the sight of his misery." 
Brielle stayed silent, trying to convince herself to ignore him. But it was useless; she ached to see Max, especially knowing he was suffering. She wanted to dissect their shared history, examine every bit, and treasure it. 
She completely ignored the man next to her, even finding the strength to reminisce.
Why had she wanted to seduce Max in the first place? Revenge against Spencer was just a small part of it. What really mattered was that moment years ago when she first saw Max on the lecture stage. But she didn't want to admit it. She had a hidden frailty in her heart.
Don't love. Don't give. Don't get hurt.
That was the lesson she had learned from the Haywood family, so she convinced herself that seducing Max was just the perfect excuse to get back at the Dorsey clan.
She always told herself that until he showed her some affection, she would keep her feelings hidden.
But he had never let her down, not then, not ever.
For someone as emotionally barren
as she was, the fruit she had
harvested from Max was always sweet. Yet, knowing about his suffering had tinged that sweetness with a touch of bitterness. She should have been better to him,
much better. 
It wasn't right to selfishly test the limits of his indulgence, especially when he was in pain.
If she could never return, if that was to be their final moment together, it would be a regret too heavy to bear.
###Chapter 971
"What's on your mind?"
His grip tightened on her chin, his voice dangerously close.
Brielle recoiled, disgusted, but even that slight movement seemed to set him off.
"Aubree hasn't been sent back yet, has she?"
Brielle froze, pressing her lips tightly together in silence. The two sat there, wordless.
The TV droned on in the background with news about Max. Brielle couldn't care less about the media's take on him. The same people who had torn Max to shreds were now praising him to the heavens. Everyone had condemned Max, leaving him in tatters. The jeers that had echoed so loudly were now replaced with applause.
It was all so fleeting, so hollow.
The silence broke with Antonio's hurried footsteps. His eyes narrowed at the sight of the cold, masked man on the sofa, and he rushed forward, barely containing his excitement.
"Sir!"
He looked like he wanted to bow down in reverence, but Brielle's presence held him back.
"Sir, I've done everything you asked. What should I do next?"
Desperation filled his eyes.
Brielle, overhearing Antonio's plea, realized he had made a deal with this man.
Dealing with the devil never ends well.
If King truly wanted to help Antonio, he wouldn't still be empty-handed after all this time.
Clearly, it was all just a game to him.
"Sir, now that Max has acquired Dorsey International, how can I turn the tide?" Antonio's hopeful question made Brielle chuckle.
"Why don't you just do what he did? Start your own DreamTech Designs at sixteen. If you're truly better than him, you'd have another identity by now to crush him, instead of groveling to a third party, right?" 
It echoed Michael's words, hitting the nail on the head.
In Antonio's world, he believed he'd beaten Max.
But in reality, he was utterly defeated.
Antonio glared at Brielle, his face twisted with resentment and pity.
"What do you know? You're just a hostage. Sir is far superior to Max, the most cunning person I've ever met. He could crush Max as easily as an ant." Putting Sir on a pedestal made Max seem insignificant.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, convinced Antonio had lost his mind. She chose to keep quiet, not wanting to argue with someone so delusional.
Antonio's gaze remained fixed on King, while the TV continued to laud Max. Frantic with rage, Antonio grabbed a nearby glass and hurled it at the screen. "He won't be smug for long, Sir. I believe in you. You're so powerful, you must have a way, right?"
King's lips curled into a slight smile as he rose slowly, "I do have a way."
"Really?"
Hope flickered in Antonio's eyes, and he seemed ready to grovel at his feet, to lick his boots.
King glanced toward the corridor leading to the garden. The villa had its charm, with a corridor that. opened up to a backyard ending in a sheer cliff, a bottomless drop beyond. 
He walked toward the corridor, Antonio eagerly following behind. Like a devout believer.
Reaching the backyard, strong winds whipped around them, the chill rising from the abyss below was daunting. But Antonio was oblivious, his eyes full of reverence for the man before him. 
"Sir, what's your plan?"
###Chapter 972
King stood gazing out at the shadowy mountains, his breath mingling with the chill at the cliff's edge. A slight smirk played on his lips. "Think I've got a shot?"
"Absolutely, sir. While Max becoming the president of Dream Tech Designs was a surprise, I'm confident that you have far stronger connections. I trust you completely."
The man chuckled softly as the words left Antonio's mouth.
Antonio couldn't figure out what was so amusing, tilting his head in confusion. The garden around them was in full bloom, caught in that vibrant transition between spring and summer. King plucked a flower, gently rolling it between his fingers before crushing it slowly.
"Did the old man tell you anything before you came here?"
A shiver ran through Antonio, and he lowered his gaze. "He did. Grandfather's getting old and doesn't believe you have such capabilities, sir."
Antonio kept back the secret Michael had confided in him, the one about this house.
"The old man wasn't wrong. There's a reason he was the previous heir to the Dorsey estate he wasn't senile enough to not know friend from foe."
Antonio didn't grasp the meaning of his words, but in the next instant, the barrel of a gun was staring him down.
He stepped back, disbelief etched on his face. "Sir, what are you—"
King continued to chuckle, pulling the trigger without hesitation.
Antonio stumbled backward, plummeting, but his will to live kicked in, and his hand snapped out, grasping the edge of the cliff.
Pain exploded near his heart, so intense he wanted to cry out. Clutching the precipice, he looked up in terror at the man with the gun, who was approaching slowly. "Sir, I don't understand-"
His voice was tinged with a cry, like someone abandoned by the deity they trusted most.
King looked down at him, "What's there to not understand? William, who rages in his grave for being killed by his own son, should be the confused one. Michael, the grandson who turned the tables on those who used him, should be bewildered. Your role, the sword, was quite useful-far better than me seeking my own revenge on the Dorsey family. If I struck directly, they'd die unfulfilled, but your betrayal will crush them."
Antonio, hanging on the edge, was running out of strength, even his fingertips bleeding. His face was ghostly pale.
"I don't understand, I don't understand-"
Rage surged through him. Why was he always the one discarded? Even after dragging Max through the mire, how could Max still find redemption?
He despised everything-if only Max had never existed.
The man who had pulled him from the sludge was now turning against him. Had he done something wrong?
King aimed the gun at his head, his
tone dripping with mockery. "I told you that night to remember the feeling ofholding power, as you'd only sit in that seat for a day. But you missed the undertone of my words. Now you're free to go since you're of no use anymore. 
Antonio's fingers clung desperately to the edge, refusing to let go, filled with indignation.
"Sir, I trusted you so much. I always thought of you as my deity, why-"
King let out a mocking laugh, "Do you want to see what your god looks like?"
The tone was biting.
The last trace of color drained from Antonio's face as he stared at the
mask
him, bitterness.
radiating from him. Contentve
But as the mask came off and he saw the face beneath, his pupils dilated.
Suddenly, he laughed like a madman, releasing his grip on the edge willingly.
As he fell, his laughter grew wilder.
King raised an eyebrow, considering a final shot, but hesitated in the last second.
He put on the mask and returned to where Brielle was waiting.
Brielle sat silently, not asking about the footsteps.
King didn't approach her; instead, he entered the room next door.
"Cough, cough, cough."
Clutching his chest, he paled.
A companion rushed to his aid, concern in their voice. "King, are you alright?"
King scoffed coldly, "That's all the skill
ostas. He can't kill me. If
e's going to die, it's him el
belongs to
"Do you need some first aid?"
"No need. Send Aubree back; Max is likely on his way, and I can't hold out much longer here."
"Understood."
King touched the blood at his mouth, "Arrange a room for Brielle to sleep; I'll take her away when I leave."
###Chapter 973
"Sure thing."
The guy who got the order hustled over to Brielle, helping her to her feet. She was blindfolded, totally clueless about where she was being taken. It wasn't until she entered a new room and felt the edge of a bed that she had some idea. "Ms. Brielle, you can rest here."
After sitting stiffly on a couch for ages, she yearned for the comfort of the bed. She was beyond ready to crash.
But she was more worried about Aubree. Was she really being sent back?
"Aubree? What about her?"
"Our people are on it. In half an hour, Miss Aubree will be sent back."
Brielle let out a big sigh of relief. As long as Aubree was safe, that was all that mattered.
The room was eerily quiet. Brielle cautiously tugged at her blindfold, half-expecting someone to stop her. But no one did.
In the next instant, she yanked it off.
The room was lit, and after being covered for so long, the sudden light made her eyes tear up. She closed them for a moment, allowing them to adjust before slowly opening them again.
The room was bare, just a bed and nothing else. It was near a garden blooming with flowers. Her mood lightened for a brief moment, but she couldn't help but touch her belly.
The nausea from the car ride had faded, but after throwing up multiple times in the last few days, she still felt queasy.
"Hang in there, baby. Maybe by tomorrow, we can leave this place."
If Aubree was sent back, others could find her location through her. If they were quick, maybe they could get to her in time.
From the moment Brielle first laid eyes on King, she had a strong feeling he didn't want her dead. As long as she was alive, there was hope.
Brielle caressed her stomach, her gaze soft.
"It's my fault, baby. Don't blame your dad for not coming to save us. I'm really worried about him. I wonder if his head still hurts, where he might be..."
She whispered to her belly, comforting both her unborn child and herself. Finally feeling relaxed, she decided to lie down and rest.
No one noticed the hand that emerged from the edge of the cliff overlooking the garden. It was smeared with blood, and its owner was painstakingly climbing up from below.
His eyes were filled with vengeance, and he no longer had the strength to stand. He crawled across the ground, inching towards a specific spot in the garden.
A trail of blood marked his path, fueled by deep-seated hatred.
Everyone can go to hell. Let's all descend together.
Aubree's room was on the first floor, facing the cliff. Her blindfold had been removed, but her wrists and mouth were still bound.
She sat on the edge of the bed, helplessly watching the ghost-like figure crawling in the garden.
The garden lights cast a glow, revealing blood trailing behind the figure, like a demon that had crawled out of hell.
Aubree's pupils contracted. Hearing footsteps outside, she knew someone was coming to take her away, back to Beaconsfield. But what was happening outside? What was that bloody apparition - human or specter?
So much blood.
"Mmmph!"
She banged against the wall, trying to get the attention of the guard at the door, to alert them to the situation in the garden. But when the guard opened the door, he simply advised her.
"Miss Aubree, no one's after your life, nor after Ms. Brielle's. We'll send you back, and Ms. Brielle can rest easy. Please stop making a fuss. If King says it will be done, it will be done."
en FindNovel
Clearly, this was one of King's men.
"Mmmph! Mmmph!"
Aubree frantically blinked, struggling to stand up.
The man, mistaking her discomfort for the bindings being too tight, moved closer.
"Miss Aubree, you're quite the handful, aren't you? I can't untie you, but I can loosen the ropes a bit."
He bent down to adjust the bindings on Aubree's wrists.
Aubree tilted her chin, urging him to look towards the garden.
до
But when the man looked, he saw one, just a trail of blood. He didn't inspect it closely and turned his gaze back to her. "I'll loosen these a bit for you." 
In the garden...
Antonio had reached his destination, a black box resembling a fuse box.
This was the secret Grandfather had spoken of.
The Dorsey family estate, perched on the edge of a cliff, had a hidden terrace. A fall onto the terrace wouldn't be fatal. But missing it meant certain death.
He had remembered Grandfather's words and had dropped close to the cliff face.
He didn't die. Following a path older generations of the Dorsey family had cleared, he climbed up.
He was here for revenge. Everyone had to die.
Michael had said, the black box in the backyard seemed like a fuse- box, but it was a switch, one that could set the whole estate ablaze. A fire that would consume all.
The older generation, with enemies in every corner, had their escape burrows; this estate was their prepared tomb.
Only Michael knew this secret, for the estate had long been abandoned, and the secret had never been passed on to the next heir-Max.
###Chapter 974
Antonio sneered, his body wracked with pain, but the burning hatred inside made him feel unstoppable. He was determined to drag everyone down to hell with him. Max? Brielle? They could all go to hell. His eyes were bloodshot as he flipped open the black case, revealing a tiny red switch. With a cold laugh, he gently touched it.
Meanwhile, someone was rushing Aubree away. She felt a surge of unease who was that man she just saw? She struggled and kicked as she was led out, but the man holding her thought she was just throwing another tantrum. "Miss Aubree, King won't hurt Ms. Brielle. He's in a bad mood and injured. Just behave."
Aubree stomped on his foot, causing him to wince in pain. Just as he was about to tighten his grip on her, an explosion boomed, followed by a blaze that lit up the night sky. He froze, and so did Aubree. Standing there, a chill ran down her spine. Then, several cars came speeding down the road, looking menacing. Aubree stared at the blazing manor, her mind buzzing. She was out, but what about Brielle?
"Aubree!"
Andrew emerged from one of the cars. Seeing she was unharmed, he rushed over and floored the man by her side.
"Aubree, are you alright?"
Andrew's face was pale with panic as he checked her over. Once sure she was safe, he pulled her into his arms. "You scared the life out of me."
Aubree was still dazed, unsure how to react. Then she heard another voice-it was Jaired.
Jaired held a gun, probably expecting a tough fight tonight, but seeing the manor engulfed in flames, he frowned slightly. "Just you?"
Aubree snapped back to reality and
struggled fiercely. In his haste, Andrew had forgotten to untie her, and now he quickly released the,
ropes binding her wrists. A red mark was visible on Aubree's wrist. She ignored Andrew, ripped the gag from her mouth, and charged back
toward the manor. 
"Aubree!"
Andrew's heart skipped a beat as he quickly followed her, pulling her back. "Are you crazy? Going in there is suicide!"
The entire manor was an inferno; entering now was a death wish. Aubree's strength left her, and she went limp in Andrew's arms.
"Bri, Bri's still inside. Save her."
Andrew's face tightened as he looked at the manor, now with continuous explosions amidst the flames. He took off his shirt and soaked it in the nearby swimming pool.
"Alright, I'll save her. You wait here for my signal," he said, his voice grave as he donned the drenched shirt.
Jaired, seeing Andrew's intent, hurriedly grabbed a wet blanket from the car and tossed it to him.
"You said she's crazy, but I think you're out of your mind too. It's still blowing up in there."
Aubree, stirred by his words, grabbed the soggy blanket. "Let me do it. Give it to me, Andrew. You don't have to do this."
But Andrew wasn't about to argue. He pushed her into Jaired's arms, wrapped the blanket around himself, and charged into the flames. Jaired held onto Aubree's wrist, stopping her from following.
Aubree had been standing until she
saw Andrew's silhouette disappear
into the fire and then she crumbled, kneeling on the ground. Jaired watched as Andrew vanished into the blaze, where more explosions sounded, clearly the work of a deliberate setup. The manor was vast, and fire was everywhere.
Within the fiery chaos, Antonio lay on the ground, witnessing the destruction and laughed uproariously. They were all dead, and it was glorious. See? He had won, hadn't he? Let them all be his funeral companions.
His hatred was palpable, his eyes
bloodshot and nearly blind to the scene before him. This wretched life was worth it even in death! His shoes caught fire, followed by the hem of his pants. But he felt no pain; his entire body was already in agony, and he couldn't distinguish any new source of pain. In the midst of the firelight, amidst the sounds of explosions, all his hatred was amplified to its peak. This demon from hell had finally fulfilled his mission. 
###Chapter 975
"Ha ha ha ha ha."
His laughter was piercing, the flames licking at his skin, sapping what little energy he had left. Flipping that switch had drained him completely. His eyes were wide open, blood trickling from the corners of his mouth, blood filling his vision as well. "Boom!"
"Boom!"
The explosions kept coming.
Brielle thought she was dreaming, back at the orphanage on that dreadful night, surrounded by fire, the acrid smell of charred wood in the air. And that brave little girl who had saved her but perished in the flames.
She had buried that memory deep, but tonight it clawed its way back with a vengeance. She was struggling to breathe.
Opening her eyes, she could see nothing but thick smoke.
"Cough cough cough."
She scrambled to her feet, feeling dizzy from the smoke she'd inhaled. The room lights were barely visible through the heavy, dark smoke that seemed to cut her off from everything.
She stumbled to the door and yanked it open, only to be met with a wall of flames. Old memories came flooding back, and she stepped back, the voice of that little girl echoing in her head. So hot.
The heat was unbearable.
Brielle didn't dare venture out; she clutched her belly, fear gripping her as she moved towards the window. But outside was a disaster zone, explosions still echoing, timbers teetering precariously. Was she going to die?
Would she never see Max again?
The smoke was so thick, her vision began to blur and waver.
"Brielle!"
"Brielle!"
She heard someone calling her name, but her eyelids were so heavy, she couldn't keep them open. What about the baby? Was the baby going to be lost too?
She couldn't bear the thought.
"Brielle, wake up."
At that familiar voice, Brielle mustered all her strength to open her eyes.
"Max," she murmured, thinking she was witnessing the last flickers of life.
Max looked pale, as if he were injured.
"I'll get you out of here."
"How did you... cough cough... find me?"
Max held her close, his clothes damp from rushing into the fiery chaos.
"Brielle, listen to me, Patrick's car is not far from the estate. Once we get out, we head straight for the hospital."
She felt so dizzy. Her vision was blurry as she nestled into his embrace, drawing comfort from his presence. "Where did you go, Max?"
Her tears began to flow as she buried her face in his chest.
Max felt a pang in his heart and hugged her tighter. "I'm sorry."
The smoke was getting worse. Max cradled her, dodging falling debris as the explosions continued and the structure threatened to collapse. Brielle, shielded in his arms, feel the heat outside, but she knew they were in grave danger. The sounds of the fire consuming everything, the snapping of beams filled her ears. 
She had a premonition that they wouldn't make it out. But she wasn't afraid; she only regretted the unborn child. Tears streamed down her
Whether from grief or smoke
irritation, she couldn't tell. 
"Crash!"
Suddenly, there was a deafening noise as a section of the ceiling beams collapsed. Brielle flinched,
but then she felt herself falling out of Max's arms. He was holding up a burning timber with one arm his face twisted in pain.
"Max."
Just then, Andrew's figure appeared. Wrapped in a soaking wet blanket, he gasped at the sight of the two amidst the flames.
"Max! Brielle!"
He hurried over, but upon seeing Max propping up the beam, his face went white. He moved to help but stopped at Max's command, "Take her and go!"
Andrew froze, incredulous. But he knew the beam wouldn't hold much longer. Any wrong move, and it would come down faster.
What to do, what to do.
Andrew's mind seemed to stop until Brielle's piercing voice snapped him back to reality.
"I won't leave! I won't, Max, sob sob sob"
Andrew was jolted into action, covering Brielle with the wet blanket and moving to pull Max away. Max's arm was already burned; he knew he couldn't hold on much longer. "Andrew, take her out," he said calmly, refusing to look at Brielle.
Andrew didn't respond, silently moving to assist, but Max's icy gaze stopped him. Cold and detached.
"If it were you trapped here, would you want me to take Aubree away?"
Andrew was petrified.
"Take her, or we all die."
Clenching his jaw, Andrew stood up, picked up Brielle, and made to leave. But Brielle struggled fiercely.
"I won't leave! I'm staying here!"
She fell from Andrew's arms and crawled desperately back to Max. Her belly ached, and she felt a liquid trickling down her legs amidst the pain.
###Chapter 976
"Max, I'm not leaving."
Max stood there, one hand bracing against the beam, his suit now covered in dust.
"Brielle, please, listen to me."
He reached out with his other hand, gently touching her cheek.
"I'm so sorry about the baby. That's on me."
"If I can't be with you, I just want you to have a safe and peaceful life."
Tears blurred Brielle's vision; she could barely see what was in front of her.
Andrew stepped forward and swept her up in a firm embrace, not looking back as he left. "No!!"
Brielle reached out for Max, but only managed to brush the tips of his fingers.
His fingers slipped through her grasp, and his figure grew smaller and smaller in the chaos.
"No."
Brielle cried out, but no sound came.
The explosions continued, but all she heard was the sound of her world falling apart.
She had dreamed of celebrating their love in front of everyone, exchanging rings, her white wedding dress gleaming.
They would look into each other's eyes, not caring about the whispers around them.
She had dreamed so many beautiful, splendid, happy dreams.
But she never imagined the dream would end like this.
A heart full of love turned into a tale of folly and moonlight.
Brielle thought she would find happiness, that her heart would finally heal, but it seemed like fate was always mocking her. Mocking her for burning too brightly, like a firefly.
A month later, in the hospital.
Early summer had arrived, and the madness of that night seemed a distant memory.
The sun streamed through the window, casting golden shadows on the blanket.
Brielle's forehead was sweaty; someone beside her took a handkerchief and wiped it away.
A man asked the doctor, "When will she wake up?"
"Probably this afternoon," the doctor replied.
The man nodded.
After the doctor left, the room was still filled with somber faces.
Aubree had woken up three days after the incident, and Andrew, with minor injuries, was already recovering.
But Brielle was still trapped in her nightmare, unwilling to wake up.
In her sleep, she had miscarried; the baby was gone.
They had feared the baby might not survive, but never imagined it would happen so cruelly.
No one knew how the fire started or why there was an explosion.
Aside from Brielle and Aubree, no one made it out alive.
The fire had been strange, the explosion sudden and without warning.
The room's atmosphere was heavy. Even though Brielle was about to wake up, no one could feel happy.
Could she handle all this trauma?
She had lost her baby.
She had lost Max.
Standing by the bed was Dustin, who had been caring for her tirelessly for a month, juggling Lynch family matters while staying in Beaconsfield. 
His face was grim. When he first heard from Beaconsfield that Brielle
was he had flown belongs to erom
North America i
He had wanted to confront Max, but learned that Max had died in the fire trying to save Brielle.
Dustin had people search the area, uncovering many charred bodies, some reduced to ashes, unrecognizable.
The explosion had sparked a wildfire, leaving little of the mountain, and the mansion at its center was gone.
To avoid suspicion from the
authorities, it was reported as a
lightning-induced wildfire. Only a few
powerful families were trying to
understand why the mansion
exploded. 
In reality, the truth no longer mattered. Those who were gone would never return.
Dustin took the handkerchief and continued to wipe Brielle's sweat.
Her eyelashes trembled, her lips cracked, showing the red beneath.
Dustin held her hand, his heart aching.
Everyone in the room knew now that Brielle was the long-lost princess of the Lynch family.
Over the past month, their emotions had finally settled.
###Chapter 977
Brielle felt like she was trapped in an endless dream. One moment she was with her kids, the next she was surrounded by flames.
Then she heard Max's voice.
"If I can't be with you, I hope your life is safe and smooth."
It had to be a lie. It just had to be. As long as she kept her eyes shut, everything would stay a dream. But she kept hearing voices calling her name-Aubree, her brother Dustin, Ramey.
She was so tired, so very tired, and she really didn't want to wake up.
Dustin was at her bedside, watching as evening approached, his patience running thin. He even started to wonder if Brielle would spend her life in a vegetative state.
He turned to Ramey. "Is hypnosis an option? Can she handle the truth about losing Max when she wakes up?"
If Max hadn't sacrificed himself to save her, she might have found the strength to keep going. But Max did it for her. Knowing Brielle, waking up probably wouldn't change much; she'd just drift through her days, lost in a haze. Ramey's face was grim too. It was hard to believe Mr. Dorsey was gone. Mr. Dorsey had just fiercely acquired Dorsey International, giving the public a slap in the face. How could he be gone so suddenly?
"Mr. Lynch, I can only try hypnosis when the patient is conscious. Right now, Ms. Brielle's mental state is extremely fragile. If I force it, it will only add to her burden. I need to wait until she's more stable before trying to hypnotize her." Which meant, inevitably, Brielle would wake up to the news of Max's death. Dustin felt agitated, his eyes reddening with the strain. But he was powerless, damned powerless.
He had thought that once the Lynch family business was wrapped up, and he got her back home on that plane, declaring her the most revered princess, everything would be fine. But disaster struck instead. He bad entrusted the Beaconsfield folks to take care of her; how could they let their guard down?
He was consumed with guilt, especially seeing his sister lying in that hospital bed. He regretted not meeting her that night, regretted his many hesitations, regretted not bringing her back to North America.
As everyone sat in tense silence, a group walked in from outside the ones investigating the manor.
"Mr. Lynch, we've looked into it. The manor was a property left by the older generation of Dorsey International, and it's been neglected for years. If you want to know the cause of the fire, you should probably talk to Michael."
Michael was still at the old Dorsey family estate, which was nearly as desolate as Antonio's demise had left it. With Dorsey International now acquired and Antonio having no heirs, those shares inevitably ended up back with Michael. Money wasn't an issue for Michael now, but power was.
Dustin couldn't stand it any longer.
He dashed off to the old Dorsey family estate. Aubree and the others, worried he might shoot the old man in a fit of rage, quickly followed. As vile as Michael was, showing up with a gun and killing him in cold blood in legal trouble. That's just how the law
would certainly land DuBlood
works back home. 
Dustin shoved open the door where Michael was being held, only to find him engrossed in a TV report about the wildfire that had ravaged the Dorsey family's property. But only Michael knew the truth-that it wasn't just a manor, but a tomb prepared by the older generation for their enemies.
He had shared this secret with Antonio, but considering the boy's timid and unhinged nature, it seemed unlikely he would go to such lengths. What could have pushed Antonio over the edge? Michael had no idea, and he was eager to find out who perished in the fire. Was Max among the dead?
As for Antonio's fate, Michael genuinely didn't care. The man was just a brainwashed fool; alive or dead, his presence hardly mattered to the Dorsey legacy.
The door swung open and in walked Dustin. Michael recognized Dustin, the hotshot heir to the Infinity Brilliance diamond empire, who had taken over the company's operations at a young age and made waves in the industry. Among the younger generation, aside from Max, Dustin was the man to watch.
But Dustin operated mainly in North
America, and since diamonds didn't clash with Dorsey International's business, there hadn't been any dealings
Between them. Michaelet
only knew of him by name. Now, Michael didn't look distressed; in fact, he seemed almost serene. However, when Dustin stepped through the door, he couldn't hide his surprise. 
###Chapter 978
Dustin heard the news blaring on the TV and knew Michael was tuned in too, which saved him the trouble of rehashing everything.
"Michael, what's the deal with that estate? Why did it go up in flames, and what caused the explosion? Everyone's scrambling for answers. I've told the higher-ups it was a wildfire caused by lightning, but you and I both know a wildfire doesn't spread that fast." Michael raised an eyebrow, a sly grin spreading across his face. "That estate isn't really your business, Mr. Lynch. I'm curious, what brings you to my doorstep about it?"
Dustin pulled over a chair and sat down slowly.
"Brielle is the lost sister of the Lynch family, my own flesh and blood. I need to understand how she ended up in this mess."
Michael had spent the previous night trying to calm his nerves. Sure, Antonio had thrown him a curveball, but he wasn't worried-as long as Antonio followed through with his plan to leverage the estate's secrets against Max. Given how much Max cared for Brielle, he'd surely cave and hand over Dorsey International.
Michael couldn't stand the thought of Dorsey International falling into obscurity.
He also admitted to himself that his biggest regret was stopping Max from being with Brielle. After all, women were just playthings. Even if Brielle wasn't fit to bear Max's children, all Michael had to do was arrange an "accident" for another woman to get pregnant with Max's child.
Brielle was just an accessory; her tainted and questionable lineage had no place birthing children for the Dorsey family.
Michael regretted not compromising, being too confident in himself, and pushing Max too hard.
He had always believed that the Dorsey clan didn't do blind love, forgetting that Max wasn't really one of them.
Max was the exception, the hopeless romantic that couldn't be confined by Dorsey family standards.
Michael was green with regret; because of a lowlife, he'd lost Dorsey International.
Now, just as he had made peace with his actions, someone had the audacity to claim that Brielle was the esteemed princess of the diamond empire, Infinity Brilliance.
Was he hallucinating?
He didn't want to accept it, his mind almost blank, as if he hadn't heard a word.
Dustin sat there, unconcerned with what Michael might think.
"Michael, did you catch what I said? Brielle is my sister. If she wanted the entirety of Infinity Brilliance, I'd hand it over without batting an eye. Now she's in trouble, and I need to know the estate's secrets, the cause of the fire, the parties involved. Don't worry, almost everyone inside is gone. I won't be looking for vengeance, but I need the truth."
His words drilled into Michael's ears like a demonic chant.
Michael's composure shattered; his hands trembled, followed by his entire body.
His mind thundered as if struck by lightning.
Brielle wasn't some mystery bastard; she was the long-lost princess of the Lynch family, the younger sister of the CEO of Infinity Brilliance-a juggernaut in the diamond industry. 
en FindNovel
What had he done?
Back then, he had dismissed Brielle's origins, focusing solely on her talent. He resented her involvement with Spencer, so he had her take contraceptives.
During her three years at Dorsey International, she had handled countless acquisitions, her talent unmatched among her peers.
But her origins were her stain; a child
from a welfare mark, how dare she compare to the Dorseys? Even after the Haywood family took her in, what good could come from those opportunistic vultures?
He looked down on Brielle, loathed the idea of her climbing the ranks through Spencer, and thought feeding her contraceptives was his wisest move. Now, how ridiculous it all seemed.
She was the beloved gem of the Lynch family, doted on by her brother, her bloodline noble and pure.
The thing he scorned most turned out to be the finest.
What irony, what absurdity.
He had pushed Max away from the Dorsey family and destroyed Dorsey International over Brielle's birth.
If only he had agreed to let Max marry Brielle Dorsey International would have soared. Once the Lynch family reclaimed Brielle, the Dorsey's and Lynches would have been united by marriage, a powerhouse alliance that would have taken Dorsey International to
unprecedented heights. 
What had he done?
What had he done?!
Overcome with rage and regret, Michael coughed up a mouthful of blood.
###Chapter 979
Dustin watched the scene unfold, looking like he had no intention of calling for a doctor.
"Michael, can you still talk? What's the secret of the estate?"
Michael sat there, the taste of blood filling his mouth. But instead of wincing, he started to laugh.
All those plans, all for nothing.
All those meticulous strategies, wasted.
Dustin couldn't quite understand Michael's state of mind. His brow furrowed as he listened to Michael's raspy voice, "The estate is an heirloom from the older generation. There's a basement filled with fuel barrels, one after another. If ignited, the whole place would go up in flames-a trap set by our ancestors, a dead end. Ashton played the fool his whole life, but he was smart once when he chose that spot. I told him, the switch to ignite the fire was hidden in the backyard, disguised as a flint stone. It's capable of setting the estate ablaze. Anyone trapped inside wouldn't stand a chance, not even by divine intervention. If Ashton used this to threaten Max, Max would spare the Dorsey family. Ashton's a brooding guy, loves his glory but fears death above all. I never thought he'd go this far."
Michael slowly shut his eyes, resigned to whatever came next.
Life and death, power; it all seemed like a joke.
He had personally ruined the Dorsey family. He was the sinner of the ages.
Again, he laughed.
"The cliff behind the garden is bottomless, but our ancestors kept a terrace not too far from the edge. If one jumped from the cliff, landing on the terrace wouldn't be fatal. The plan was to use themselves as bait, lure the enemy to the estate, ignite the fuel, then escape by jumping off the cliff. That's the secret the elder Dorseys kept, because the patriarch before me made many enemies plundering resources. Cough, cough, cough."
Michael felt exhaustion take over, his chest ached, and his head throbbed.
The best decision he ever made was appointing Max, naturally insensitive to emotions, as the heir to Dorsey International.
His greatest regret was not trusting Max.
A genius, a legend worshipped on Wall Street-how could his judgment be flawed?
From the moment he decided to give Brielle a legitimate status, he probably knew this day might come.
Tears began to flow. The mistake, it seemed, was his own.
A pitiable sight.
Utterly pitiable.
Dustin had no interest in Michael's final monologue. He got up to leave but heard Michael add, "Ashton wouldn't have taken this step if he wasn't driven to desperation. He fears death too much, blinded by his hunger for power, cherishing his life above all else." 
So why would Antonio go to such lengths to torch the villa?
What had spurred him on, nobody knew.
After all, besides Brielle and Aubree, there were no survivors.
Leaving the old house, Dustin felt heavy-hearted.
He'd learned the truth, but what could he do with it?
Plead with the grim reaper to make an exception and bring Max back from the afterlife? Clearly, that was impossible.
He rubbed his temples, torn between grief and regret, nearly driven mad by these emotions. Yet he still had to face Brielle at the hospital.
Brielle hadn't woken up. The doctors had promised she'd come around by afternoon, but there wasn't the
swnovel?
slightest sign of her waking up. 
"Ms. Brielle doesn't want to wake up. Someone needs to stay by her
bedside and talk to her. She's probably caught up in a beautiful dream, and deep down she knows reality is harsh, so she's hiding from it all in her dreams." 
That was the doctor's explanation, and it seemed to be the truth.
###Chapter 980
In her dream, Brielle had a kid, a handsome little boy who looked just like Max. The three of them went to get a family portrait taken, but the boy kept a straight face, calling it childish and refusing to play along. Max crouched down to coax him, but the kid wasn't having any of it, his stubborn expression a mirror image of Max's. Brielle chuckled, pulled Max up, and took over the coaxing herself. The child instantly broke into a smile, his tight lips curling up as he sweetly called out, "Mommy."
It was a festive day, and they had made a mountain of dumplings-Max liked to call them pie pockets. He had a knack for making them, shaping them beautifully. The little one still wore his serious face, but once the pie pockets were steamed, he was stuffing them into his mouth, competing with Max to see who could eat more. Brielle watched them with a contented smile, holding her fork.
The dream was too good to be true. No explosions, no flames. It was so perfect she didn't want to wake up, trying to convince herself that the sound of the blast was the dream, that Max holding up the beams was the dream. Max had never been in such a mess, so it couldn't be real.
Outside the dream, Dustin took the towel and meticulously wiped Brielle's fingers. Another day had passed, and there was still no sign of Brielle waking up. He cleaned each of her fingers thoroughly, and when he looked up, he saw a tear roll down from the corner of her eye, slowly tracing a path down her skin. He couldn't tell what kind of dream she was having, but chances were it wasn't as beautiful as the last one.
Dustin had temporarily put aside all matters concerning the Lynch family, staying only by her side in the hospital room. The longer it took, the more agitated he became, fearing Brielle might end up in a vegetative state. The doctors said her eyes had been irritated by smoke, and they would have to wait until she woke up to assess the full extent of the damage. During the first few days of her coma, she had also cried incessantly, weeping through the night.
Dustin sighed, just as a call came from overseas. He stood up and walked out into the hallway. Aubree, who had been sitting nearby, quickly moved to take his place, continuing to wipe Brielle's palms. Dustin pressed the answer button, and Raymond's voice came through.
""How is she?"
"My sister's pretty bad, Dad. I'm not coming back for now. Just handle things there for the time being. Once she wakes up, I plan on bringing her straight to North America."
Raymond nodded, worry etched on
his face. "You've been through a lot lately. You've got a good grasp on the Lynch family situation. Next, we need to draw them out without letting our guard down, or they'll just use your sister as leverage to continue their schemes." 
"I know, but with Yuyan like this, I can't leave. I've already handed over all the information I've gathered to you. Mom's been in touch, too. We just need to stabilize the situation first. Once I get Yuyan over here, those people will probably start to squirm. We'll take it slow." Dustin's voice was hoarse, his mouth set in a firm line. 
"Dad, that's it for now. I have to go."
He had just hung up when he heard a cry of surprise from inside. "Bri's fingers moved!!" Dustin hurried back into the room. Brielle was still unconscious, but her fingertips indeed quivered. He quickly pressed the call button, and the doctor came texconduct another examination. 
"Her condition is improving. It seems the content of her dream is clashing with the messages her subconscious is receiving, so she's slowly adjusting herself to wake up."
Brielle had always been a rational person; no matter how sweet the dream, it was just that a dream. She would overcome it.
That evening, Dustin moved her to the Lynch family's villa in Beaconsfield. The early summer blooms were gorgeous, and the view from the floor-to-ceiling windows was stunning. Once she woke up, she would see it and, perhaps, feel a bit better.
The doctor would come every morning to check on her, ensuring her condition was stable. Three days later, as the first ray of the setting sun spilled through the windows, Brielle woke up.
###Chapter 981
Dustin sat beside Brielle, his heart pounding as her eyes fluttered open, staring blankly at the ceiling. A spark of hope lit up his face. "Brielle! You're awake?!"
Brielle didn't respond, her gaze still fixed above, distant and unseeing. Worried, Dustin quickly called the doctor back for a thorough check-up.
Brielle lay there, like a doll devoid of spirit, letting the doctor do his work.
"Ms. Brielle seems to have regained consciousness. There doesn't appear to be any serious issues, but she might experience some eye discomfort, maybe a bit of stinging. She should avoid straining her eyes too much; they need rest," the doctor advised. Dustin nodded, his mind weighed down with concern as he saw the doctor out and then returned to the room.
Brielle sat propped up in bed, a pillow supporting her back. In front of her, the garden was in full bloom, each flower competing for attention, painting a scene as beautiful as any artwork.
But the flowers' shadows left no mark in her eyes; her vision was a blank, as if she saw nothing at all.
After a long pause, her eyelashes fluttered.
Dustin, sensing her distress, quickly took her hand.
"Are you hungry? Want something to eat? You've been asleep for a month."
Brielle didn't say a word, but she didn't pull her hand away either. It took a while for her mind to start working again, and when it did, her face went ghostly pale as she touched her flat belly. The life that had been growing there was gone. The fire had been real.
Suddenly, she was overwhelmed by visions of smoke, choking her, making her gasp for breath as she clutched at her collar in panic.
Dustin steadied her, gently patting her back.
"Breathe out, breathe in. It's okay, it's all in the past now."
But how could such simple words encapsulate everything she had lost? Her heart ached, as if it no longer belonged to her.
As the pain subsided, her trembling fingers clutched a piece of Dustin's shirt.
"Max? Where is he?"
Dustin fell silent, struggling with the truth. But there was no point in lying.
"He didn't make it out."
Brielle's pupils contracted sharply. She forced a smile. "You're joking, right, bro?"
It was the first time she had called Dustin 'bro' to his face, but her hope was met with nothing but harsh reality.
Dustin, who once thought he could do anything, realized in the face of death just how powerless he was. If he could, he would trade anything to bring Max back.
Brielle's laughter turned to silent tears, her world crumbling around her. Her child and Max, both gone.
The combined agony was indescribable; she couldn't tell which loss hurt more. The two people she wanted most were both taken from her.
Such pain. She wanted to tear out her aching heart. Her body felt like it was no longer hers.
As Dustin continued to pat her back, he found himself at a loss for words. No one else was Brielle; no one could truly share her pain.
Empty platitudes were useless.
Brielle curled up on the bed, beyond words, finding solace only in the thought that her child was now with Max. Tears streamed down her face, her lips bitten until they bled. Dustin, feeling her pain, quietly left the room to give her space.
For the next three days, people
came to visit Brielle, but she remained curled up in bed, silent, refusing to eat anything. Even when Aubree tried to engage her in conversation, she didn't respond. 
She was like a soulless doll, now frighteningly thinner after the miscarriage and refusing to eat, her cheeks hollow, eyes unnaturally large and empty.
Brielle remained mute until Patrick
arrived with documents for a share transfer. Max had already signed them. The shares of DreamTech Designs he held-apart from those transferred to Patrick-were now all Brielle's. Even in his absence, he was ensuring she'd want for nothing. Though he knew she might not need them, it was all he had to offer. 
"Also, Ms. Brielle," Patrick continued, "there's a phone number left by the president. Addison and Aiden are
for not protecting you and have taken their punishment. This
still with you. They feel have net
number belongs to the president's
network of contacts. Ifesident's
encounter any problems you can't solve, you can call this number." 
The one problem she couldn't solve was wishing for Max to come back.
###Chapter 982
Patrick couldn't bring himself to meet her gaze; his own eyes were swollen from a month's worth of tears, finally accepting the hard truth that the CEO was gone.
"Ms. Brielle, please take care of yourself. I'm about to start a new job at Dream Tech Designs, so I won't be staying around here."
Leaving all the documents behind, Patrick's voice was hoarse, each word trembling as though it were wrung out of him.
"The CEO was most worried about you, Ms. Brielle. He hoped you wouldn't give up on yourself. Before the explosion, his actions were like those of a man putting his affairs in order. He had mentioned transferring his shares, an idea I rejected. I didn't know his secrets, but I kept thinking that maybe he wouldn't just vanish so easily. Perhaps on a serene, sunlit day, he'd return, and before that day, he'd endure many hardships to come back to you. So, Ms. Brielle, you need to pull yourself together too."
Using Max to console Brielle seemed to be the most effective method.
Since Brielle refused to accept the reality of his disappearance, it was best to leave her with a glimmer of hope.
Max would return.
One day.
On a serene, sunlit day.
As for when that day would be, no one could say.
A spark of life returned to Brielle's eyes. She had been about to tear up the documents, but now she grew calm.
That evening, she began to eat again, which moved Dustin to tears. He quickly instructed the kitchen to prepare a hearty meal to help her regain her strength.
Brielle ate three full bowls, and afterward, she seemed to return to normal, even taking a stroll in the garden afterward.
Dustin watched her retreating figure, yet couldn't shake off his worry. Was she truly back to normal?
The next day, Brielle accidentally shattered an empty bowl she had intended to use for soup.
The shards scattered at her feet, and as Dustin was about to stoop to pick them up, he saw her step over the broken porcelain with her phone turned off, as if she felt no pain. No one had called her, yet she carried on a one-sided conversation.
"Max, okay, so how long is your trip, and when will you be back?"
Dustin stiffened, forgetting his intention to crouch down.
He looked up incredulously to see her barefoot, standing by the French doors, gazing at the flowers outside with flushed cheeks.
"How soon is 'soon'? Are you just pulling my leg?"
That's when Dustin realized the truth: Brielle wasn't better; she was completely unwell.
He didn't make a scene or question her but instead sat her down on the couch and summoned the family doctor to tend to her wounds. Then he called for Ramey.
After Ramey had a brief chat with Brielle, he joined Dustin in the deserted hallway.
Dustin was the picture of dejection, wanting to lash out but not knowing at whom. At Max?
At least Max had protected Brielle.
He should be angry at himself for leaving her in Beaconsfield.
She was the little princess of the Lynch family, yet the Lynch family had failed to protect her.
It was his fault as her brother.
"Mr. Lynch, Ms. Brielle seems to be experiencing auditory hallucinations," Ramey said.
Dustin ran a hand through his hair, his face etched with frustration.
"Is there anything we can do?"
Ramey looked troubled.
"Well, there's no easy fix. She needs to come through this on her own. It might improve over time, or it might get worse. We can't let her stay home alone. She needs to be out, interacting with people. Keeping to herself will only make things worse." 
Dustin took a deep breath and grew silent.
After a while, he asked hoarsely, "What about hypnotherapy? Could deep hypnosis work?"
"Deep hypnosis requires the right circumstances, timing, and cooperation from the patient. Mr. Dorsey had considered this for MS Brielle, trying to stabilize her emotions. Forced hypnosis would require medication, and I generally don't take on such cases. It can harm the patient's psyche, and there's no telling if it would make things better or worse." 
In other words, it was a gamble.
Dustin's despondency deepened, and he dared not take that risk.
"Mr. Lynch, Ms. Brielle's condition is rare. Hearing Mr. Dorsey's voice on the phone is, in a way, her own mind trying to heal itself. It's how she's coping, and while I can't be sure if it's good or bad, she might eventually heal and accept reality, or she might become more entrenched in this false comfort." 
Ramey massaged his temples, finding the situation exceedingly tricky.
He thought of his cousin, who was more experienced in the field. If there were a hypnotist ahead of him in the world, it would be his cousin. Maybe he had a solution. "For now, we just have to wait and see."
Ramey had become Brielle's personal hypnotist. Until she improved, he wouldn't take any new clients or leave her side.
He was also curious about the outcome for these two.
What would become of Brielle after Mr. Dorsey's departure?
He was eager to see if this woman could find her way out.
###Chapter 983
Three days had gone by.
Brielle seemed as healthy as ever, and Dustin had planned to take her out, but she wasn't having it.
"Bro, don't you still have issues with the Lynch family to sort out? And what about Mom? Last I heard, she was missing. What's the update on that? You told me not to worry, but I can't help it. I don't want her in danger."
Seeing his sister, still fragile from her sickness yet so worried about the family, made Dustin's throat tighten with emotion.
Truth be told, Dustin hadn't cried much over the years, except for when Brielle first went missing. Back then, he had clung to their parents, sobbing and blaming them for not watching her closely enough. But one night, he overheard his mom crying quietly and realized how unfair his accusations had been.
His mom was the last person in the world who would want any harm to come to Brielle. She had endured the pain of bringing her into the world.
Dustin, on the other hand, had only talked to his sister through the expanding curve of his mom's belly, separated by a thin layer of skin.
His sacrifices paled in comparison to what his parents had given up; he had no right to blame them.
Since then, he had been determined to find his sister.
But the world was a vast place, and there had been no news for years.
It wasn't until Dummy's true identity was revealed that he realized someone close had been misleading them all along.
Now, with the Lynch family issues still unresolved, he didn't want Brielle caught up in it. But was his overprotective instinct really what was best for her?
If he hadn't been so cautious before, Brielle wouldn't have stayed in Beaconsfield and gotten into trouble, and maybe Max wouldn't have been hurt.
But he had to respect Brielle's choices, so this time, he took her hand seriously and asked her.
"Do you want to come with me to North America? That's your home."
Brielle smiled and then blushed a little.
"Sure, once Max gets back, I'll bring him over too."
Dustin's smile faded instantly, forcing a tight-lipped, "Okay."
But he knew Max was never coming back.
"Bro, don't worry about me. I'm not going to get into trouble, and I've got Stellar Stage Entertainment to look after. I feel like I can't just leave it behind. Aubree and Ricardo's movie made three billion at the box office, putting it in the top twenty of the industry. Stellar Stage Entertainment needs me right now. I can't leave at this moment, but I promise, I'll come to North America soon."
To prevent him from overthinking, Brielle quickly made a promise.
Dustin, however, didn't want to leave. He couldn't bear the thought of going through such a loss again.
"Bro, you should go back. If the Lynch family's troubles aren't settled, I'll be worried sick here. And grandma must be anxious, right?"
During their talk, Dustin realized that Brielle remembered everything except for the fact that Max perished in a fire.
In her mind, Max was just away on business with an uncertain return date.
Uncertain return.
She thought he was worried about her, so she softened her tone.
"Here's the deal, I'll come to North America in a week. No matter whether Max is back or not, I'll come to see you." Only then did Dustin agree.
"Okay."
Now that the Dorsey family had collapsed, with Michael lying half-dead in the hospital, babbling like a madman, it seemed unlikely anyone would target Brielle. Dustin could breathe a little easier
Ramey was right; she needed to be allowed to interact with others. Clinging too tightly could lead to trouble.
As much as Dustin hated leaving, he departed that very night.
He had Raymond keep an eye on certain individuals, but he couldn't put off grandma, who had been clamoring to come to Beaconsfield for a month. With the current chaos there, it would only upset the old lady. 
BUMS
Grandma had only just recovered her health and wouldn't listen to Raymond, only to Dustin.
Dustin had no choice but to go and calm her himself.
And there was that woman, always trying to cozy up to grandma; he didn't know what game she was playing.
Within a month, Dustin had thoroughly cleansed his Beaconsfield operations of any chance of another Dummy incident.
But he still felt it wasn't enough, so before leaving, he made every effort to warn Brielle.
"Don't talk to strangers, always remember to bring a bodyguard wherever you go, and never let yourself be at a disadvantage."
Brielle readily agreed, and on the night Dustin left, she moved to Premier Palace.
Patrick was still at Premier Palace and, surprised to see her, thought she would be going back to North America with him. Brielle saw the bags packed in the living room and paused slightly.
"Are you leaving soon?"
Patrick nodded, "The boss isn't here anymore, and I'm eager to take over the reins at DreamTech Designs. They're pushing for me to start as soon as possible. Ms. Brielle, I've called Brent back to assist you. If you need anything, just let him know. Also, Mr. Hua will be here to take care of you as well." 
###Chapter 984
Brielle nodded and headed to the bedroom. The villa was just as she'd left it, a cozy sanctuary of familiarity. She treated herself to a soothing bath and then sprawled out on the bed.
It had been over a month since Max had gone, and while his presence had all but faded, Brielle still found comfort in the room. She clutched a pillow close, hoping Max would come back soon.
Before leaving, Dustin had briefed a few friends in Beaconsfield about Brielle's condition, asking them to keep an eye on her.
Brielle still hadn't realized she was unwell.
After a restful night, she went downstairs for breakfast. This morning's spread was arranged by Wesley.
"Brent, you had to leave for something last time. Everything sorted out?" Brielle asked, looking at him.
Wesley's departure had been a cover, orchestrated by Max to bring Ramey into the picture. But with Max gone, Patrick felt it was better to have someone more familiar take care of Brielle, hoping it might speed up her recovery. Besides, Ramey was never cut out for a butler's role.
"All taken care of, Ms. Brielle. Thanks for checking. I plan to stick around here until I'm ninety," Wesley chuckled.
Brielle smiled back. "With Brent being such a gem, you'll definitely live to a ripe old age."
Wesley nodded with a grin and then, once in the kitchen, discreetly wiped his eyes. Pretending everything was fine was tough. How could Mr. Max get into an accident, and Ms. Brielle fall ill?
Ah, such star-crossed lovers.
After breakfast, Brielle got into the car. Addison and Aiden were now by her side constantly, making sure she didn't stumble or catch a chill. If only they had stopped Ms. Brielle that night, maybe things would be different now. But the world doesn't work in what-ifs. Brielle headed to Stellar Stage Entertainment. Over the past month, Keiran's movie was nearing completion, and online chatter was all about Stellar Stage Entertainment.
Max's acquisition of DreamTech Designs had dominated the news for a week before it got bumped by other entertainment stories. After all, the public loves their gossip, and a week of praising Max's comeback was enough.
The outside world didn't know about
Max's situation; DreamTech Designs
was still running smoothly. Reporters tried to track down
but found nothing, so they can
outside Stellar Stage Entertainment, hoping to catch Brielle. 
Yet, to everyone's surprise, Brielle had also been MIA for over a month.
With no other leads, the media turned their focus to other talents at Stellar Stage Entertainment. The company was now heavily investing in potential scripts and exclusively casting its own stars, giving many newcomers a shot. 
Today's unknown faces might be tomorrow's box office hits, just like Ricardo.
Ricardo and Aubree had skyrocketed to fame, trending online almost every other day. But fame came with its downsides; casual shopping trips were a thing of the past. They needed bodyguards wherever they went.
Sitting in Stellar Stage Entertainment's office felt almost surreal to Brielle. The executives were buzzing with excitement, eager to show her the latest successes.
Donny's cheeks were flushed with
enthusiasm state that had
apparently lasted a month. The first film Stellar Stage Entertainment released had shattered box office records, landing in the top twenty, a bragging point for years to come. And with Keiran starring in their second film, another peak seemed inevitable. 
Donny was practically over the moon, ready to hang a shrine to Brielle.
Brielle hadn't been to the office in a while, but the company was thriving, and she had been comfortably cashing checks from home.
Checking her phone, she found several messages from Mason, all routine updates filled with his evident success.
She smiled to herself-everything was moving in the right direction, just waiting for Max to return.
Lost in thought, her phone rang. Max's voice came through the call.
But to Donny, Brielle's phone remained silent and dark.
###Chapter 985
Donny furrowed his brow, momentarily puzzled by Brielle's antics, but he didn't challenge her.
Even if Brielle pointed to the sun and proclaimed it was the moon, Donny would only loudly commend, "What a perfectly round and bright moon tonight!"
So, even when Brielle acted out of the ordinary, in Donny's eyes, it was all seen through rose-tinted glasses.
Stellar Stage Entertainment's success was no fluke just look at Mr. Haywood with his unique way of answering calls. What might have been a somber affair became, in his hands, something of a tragicomedy.
Brielle continued her sweet nothings over the phone, the typical endearments exchanged between lovers. With a few tender laughs, she reminded him to dress warmly to avoid catching a cold, and now that the weather was heating up, to watch out for heatstroke. Her last words were "I miss you."
"Brielle, I miss you too. Be a good girl and wait for me to come back, okay?"
Brielle nodded eagerly, of course she would wait. After the call ended, the sweetness in her eyes lingered. She turned to Donny, sliding the documents in front of her across the table.
"I've gone through them; there are no issues. Even in my absence, you've managed the company well. The executives have been on their game, and the artists have been treated well. Give them a bonus of two hundred thousand each for the year-end, not much, but a little token of appreciation."
Donny nodded assiduously but couldn't resist asking, "Mr. Haywood, was that Mr. Dorsey on the phone?"
Brielle paused, then smiled, "Yeah."
"You two really have something special. I can hardly imagine someone as stoic as Mr. Dorsey dishing out sweet nothings." Donny had no idea how spot-on his comment was. A twinkle appeared in Brielle's eyes, and the corners of her lips curled. "Yeah, he can be a bit awkward."
Donny was green with envy. Just last month, everyone was worried about what would happen if Mr. Dorsey actually fell from grace. The media lambasted him as though he'd never rise again. How they had lauded him, they now trampled with equal force.
Max had remained silent throughout, seemingly indifferent to the slander. But Donny was genuinely concerned that the negative press would affect Brielle. It felt like a distant memory now, though it had only happened a month ago.
Then Max made a powerful move and acquired Dorsey International, flipping the script overnight. Those who had reveled in dragging him, through the mud were now lifting him up again. That's when Donny understood the adage: "False devotees flock to you at your peak, but true believers stand by you through dusk." 
Though Max never truly had a moment of dusk-he was always above the fray, seldom engaging in petty battles. Donny always felt few men were worthy of Brielle, but if anyone was, it was Max. They were well-matched. After wrapping up the remaining work, Donny took his leave. No sooner had he left than Aubree arrived.
Aubree was now a luminary, her
every move watched by many. Within the company, she was hailed as Stellar Stage's premier starlet, with a throng of fanboys and fangirls seeking her autograph, looking up to her as a role model. Outside the office, Aubree walked with a
confident, trained gait.
"Bri, fancy hitting the shops with me this evening?"
But once inside, the door shut, her shoulders slumped, and she glanced at Brielle, somewhat apprehensively. Dustin had made the situation clear, but Aubree still worried about Brielle's mental state. Seeing Brielle seemingly unfazed, sitting at her desk, Aubree breathed a sigh of relief.
Brielle looked up at the stack of papers in front of her. "I've got to finish up here. Patrick is leaving soon, and I should see him off. After all, we've known each other for so long."
If Brielle stopped to think, she might
find the flaw in the logic-like why
Элч
Patrick would leave if Max was really coming back. But she conspicuously ignored this detail, truly embodying the art of overlooking the irregularities. In her world, Max would still call to check in, and Patrick's departure was simply part of Max's plan. 
###Chapter 986
Aubree pouted, wishing she could just hang out with her friend instead.
Brielle looked up at that moment. "Don't you have an interview? Your agent probably has it all scheduled, right?" she asked.
"I just want to chill," Aubree whined, trying to get Brielle to loosen up a bit.
In Brielle's world, with Max being so stellar and hardworking, she felt the pressure to push herself even harder. But Aubree was her friend, and she didn't want her to be overworked.
"Alright, then head back now, get some rest, and recalibrate," Brielle relented.
Aubree was suddenly speechless and deflated. "I'll get ready for the interview, then."
"Aubree, if you're really tired, just rest."
"I'm not, I was just kidding. I'm off."
With a forced smile, Aubree left the room, but as soon as the door closed behind her, her eyes reddened. Sighing, she looked up to see Keiran and Chase approaching. She'd been at odds with Chase lately, her brow furrowing at the sight of him. Chase wasn't fond of her either, even if he hid it well.
Keiran bypassed Brielle's office, heading elsewhere. He was swamped with his new film project and had no time to spare for anyone. Chase, ever the sycophant, followed like a faithful puppy, linking arms with him as if they were the best of buddies.
"Hey Keiran, you really can't hang out tonight?" Chase asked, hope tinged with disappointment in his voice.
"Yeah, got some extra scenes to shoot, it'll be an all-nighter," Keiran responded.
"That's a bummer." Chase's eyes swept over him with a hint of regret.
Keiran was oblivious, naively so. But Aubree saw right through the charade and shivered at the thought. Chase was going all out to win Keiran over.
At 8 PM, Brielle was still working overtime. She needed to wrap up all matters at Stellar Stage Entertainment promptly because she had promised her brother to visit him in North America the following week. She grabbed her purse and opened the door, only to be greeted by Addison and Aiden. The two were practically inseparable, always by her side.
Descending the stairs, Brielle's gaze
landed on Chase, who was nonchalantly flipping his car keys. This North American playboy was someone she knew little about, except for the rumors she'd heard from Andrew. Still, while her brother had been looking out for her these past few days, she'd curiously inquired about Chase. Even Dustin, known for his womanizing ways, couldn't help but brand Chase as a scoundrel. 
Brielle preferred to keep her distance, but Chase sauntered over.
"Ms. Brielle, I'm flying solo tonight. Care to join me for a spin at the casino? I've heard Beaconsfield boasts a famous and exclusive spot. You've been there, right?"
Indeed, she had, and the memory of
a particular mask flashed through her mind, causing an instinctive revulsion. In Brielle's world, she had smoothed over everything related to the manor's fire, but that mask's nauseating image lingered. voice inside her urged her to go, suggesting there might be something to discover. But what was there to find? She was so confused, clutching her phone as if it offered a lifeline of safety. Why hadn't Max called? She was starting to feel uneasy. 
"Ms. Brielle, are we going?" Chase seemed oblivious to her discomfort and pretended Addison and Aiden were invisible.
Brielle nodded, stepping into Chase's car. His ride was a dazzling Maserati-rarely seen among the discreet elite unless they favored the flamboyant. Brielle remained quiet, leaving Addison and Aiden behind. The pair were vehemently against it, but Chase tapped on the steering wheel dismissively.
"Anyone I bring in will be safe and sound. Why don't you two tag along and keep waiting here? I'm simply taking her to broaden my horizons."
Those who thrived in North American circles weren't just for show. However, Addison and Aiden were still uneasy; Brielle's current state didn't warrant being alone, especially with Chase, a known cad. Addison hurried into Brielle's car, urging Aiden to follow suit.
They arrived at the underground
casino on the outskirts. Chase tossed his keys to the valet and strutted in with a guide's assistance. Brielle hesitated, remembering how Max seemed upset last time ske was here. She pulled out her phone and dialed Max. Predictably, it went straight to voicemail, but in her world, she imagined hearing Max's soothing voice. 
"I'll just be a bit. Don't get mad, okay? I'll be out soon."
###Chapter 987
Chase stood a short distance away, watching Brielle mutter into her phone with caution. He couldn't make out the words and didn't care enough to probe, so he just stood there waiting for her.
Brielle's call dragged on for a whole ten minutes.
In Chase's world, nobody had ever made him wait that long.
Bored, he plopped down nearby, snatched up his phone, and shot a text to Dustin.
"Yo, you there?"
"Hey, man, when do you think I'll be able to win over Keiran?"
"Hello? You ghosting me?"
Feeling a bit daring, Chase sent a $100 bribe through a text message, which was instantly accepted on the other end.
His fingers trembled with annoyance.
"Just a hundred bucks? You sell out so cheap?!"
Dustin finally replied. "What's up?"
"I'm taking your sister to the casino. Didn't you want me to dig up some dirt on this King guy? It's freaky; the dude seems to have popped out of thin air, and he's super cautious. The only lead is that he seems really interested in your sister, so I brought her here. No guts, no glory, right?" "Don't mess this up."
"Trust me, my bodyguards went ahead. They're keeping a close eye on Brielle. Even if I screw up, she'll be fine."
"Be smart."
"Ha, you're the one who conned Keiran into meeting me; I'm just doing what I ought to. And man, that guy's got some seriously good looks. I'm not losing out here, bro."
Keiran was blissfully unaware that he was being played by Dustin. All that talk about friends in North America? Total fabrication by Chase. So when Keiran accompanied Brielle abroad, that friend conveniently bailed, replaced by Chase himself.
Keiran, bless his naive heart, eventually realized he got the wrong guy. But since Chase had put him up for the night, he instantly considered Chase a confidant.
His face-blindness was severe; he couldn't remember faces to save his life. But Chase had been circling around him enough that now he could recall Dustin, Brielle, Chase.
That supposed friend? Lost in the corners of his memory.
As Chase put away his phone, Brielle approached, seemingly consoled by Max, her expression returning to its usual poise.
They entered the casino, much like the first time Brielle visited.
It was evening now, the peak of activity.
Those who wore their aloof masks daily had all cast them aside here.
Brielle felt out of place, yet something inside urged her to stick around a bit longer.
Chase signaled to his surrounding bodyguards, who blended in as regular patrons, their true roles undetected.
Wherever Brielle went, she was shadowed by at least three protectors.
If Chase dared to bring her here, he had to ensure her safety, or Dustin would have his head.
Brielle glanced at the winding
staircase as she walked down the
corridor, remembering how the attendants had seemed to recognize her before, treating her with reverence. But this time, they merely nodded and followed at a distance. 
Brielle had never grasped King's motives. If he fancied her, his affection was cryptic and sudden.
This man had emerged into her life out of nowhere, targeting Max and throwing Beaconsfield into disarray.
Where was he now?
She stopped an attendant, whose face was hidden behind a black cat mask. At the sight of her, the attendant bowed respectfully. "Ms. Brielle, enjoy your evening."
"Where's King?"
Without looking up, the attendant
said, "King hasn't been to the casino
in age
If Ms. Brielle is here to see
him, I'm afraid she'll be
Ov
disappointed." 
"What happened to him?"
"I'm sorry, I'm just a low-level employee. I don't know the details."
Brielle had no choice but to move on.
She wandered the vicinity, unaware that she was accessing areas off-limits to other patrons without a single interruption, as if it was assumed she wouldn't uncover anything. 
And Brielle was oblivious to this privilege.
She had promised Max to stay for only half an hour. Time was up; she had to leave.
As she turned to go, she spotted a man standing not far behind her.
His build was similar to King's, but he wasn't wearing a mask.
Brielle had a good memory. Once decided, she could sketch a person's profile in her mind with ease.
The man approached slowly, stopping by her side.
Brielle stepped back warily.
He extended a pale hand, his eyes long and foxy, radiating a flirtatious charm.
"Myles," he introduced himself.
###Chapter 988
Brielle furrowed her brow, sizing up the man in front of her without taking his outstretched hand. Myles, seemingly unfazed by her scrutiny, glanced around the room instead. "Lost, are you? I can show you the way out," he offered.
The upper floors of the casino were seldom visited by outsiders, and Brielle had made her way up the stairs without any interference. The place was vast, each section boasting a unique atmosphere, a testament to how much the elusive King enjoyed his luxuries. There was something about Myles that Brielle didn't quite trust. He exuded a sense of danger, mixed with an indescribable aura. With a frown, she turned to leave the way she'd come, but Myles followed closely behind. "Here to see King?"
Brielle had no recollection of Myles, but despite his seemingly cold demeanor, he had an odd warmth towards her.
"Yeah."
"He's injured. It'll be a while before he's back on his feet."
Something felt off to Brielle, but she couldn't put her finger on it. By the time they reached the ground floor, she was acutely aware of his presence behind her, and her tone grew colder. "Is there something you want?"
"I'm Ramey's cousin."
Ramey? Brielle was taken aback and took a closer look at Myles. Indeed, there was a resemblance. But his skin was unusually pale, as if he hadn't seen daylight in ages. "What's your relation to King?"
"I'm his doctor." When Myles saw she was inclined to talk more, his lips curved into a small smile. "How's the toast to his health? He told me he's been staying at the Premier Palace."
In Brielle's world, Ramey was a distant relative of Wesley, and Myles, being Ramey's cousin, must also be related to Wesley.
"Yeah."
"I'd like to pay him a visit. Would Ms. Brielle mind?"
Curious about the unease she felt around Myles, Brielle nodded in agreement.
Downstairs, the atmosphere was electric. Chase stood in the center of the action, surrounded by a mountain of chips, while other players were losing their shirts. Chase, with a satisfied arch of his brow, casually grabbed some chips and tossed them into the air, winking at the cocktail waitresses.
"Thanks for the drinks, ladies. Go and treat yourselves."
Afterward, he wrapped his arm around a bombshell standing nearby and planted a kiss on her cheek, making her blush fiercely.
"Chase, you're such a tease."
From a distance, Brielle watched with disdain. "Playboy."
Chase laughed, grabbed another handful of chips, and slipped them into her cleavage, clearly taking advantage.
"Oops, Chase, maybe I should go home with you tonight. I'm good at... everything."
Those chips must be worth millions, she thought. Chase was indeed a big spender. Brielle hurried to intervene, pulling Chase away.
Chase blew a kiss to the woman. "Rain check, sweetheart."
Once outside the casino, Chase's expression turned serious as he glanced at Myles. Brielle had only been inside for half an hour, and now she was walking out with a man.
A purchase? He patted her shoulder with newfound respect. "Never would've guessed. Birds of a feather, huh?"
His face was all smiles, but his eyes
were warily sizing up Myles. Myles just stood there quietly, his gaze occasionally drifting over to Brielle Chase dropped her off at the
Premier Palace and gave Myles, who intended to stay at the Palace, one last look. Considering that Max's people were still around, he decided not to meddle further. 
His job was done. As for any discoveries Brielle might make, that was for her to know. Inside the Premier Ralace, Ramey was already waiting. He had suggested that Brielle should get out more, but with her mental state uncertain, he remained close by, ready to hypnotize her if necessary. But he wouldn't resort to deep hypnosis until her emotions stabilized. 
Upon seeing the man following Brielle, Ramey's eyes lit up. "Cousin!"
Brielle hadn't ed to Myles accompanying her, considering she had Chase beside her, and with Addison and Aiden trailing in their vehicle, Myles, who was all alone, was unlikely to try anything with so
meges. And once inside
the Premier Palace, they were in Max's territory. With many of Max's people around, Myles had no chance to pull any stunts. 
###Chapter 989
"Cousin? What brings you to Beaconsfield? I thought you said-"
Ramey cut himself off, glancing at Brielle, and fell silent.
Brielle sensed they had something private to discuss, so she retreated to her bedroom.
Recently, she'd been feeling weak and constantly tired. She had no idea why. But to anyone else, it was obvious-she'd been through a lot and lost a child; her body just couldn't handle it all.
In Brielle's world, Max was on a business trip. When she started hearing things that weren't there, she almost forgot the baby altogether, which only added to her confusion about her health. Restless, she tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep. Minutes later, her phone rang. She reached for it, but the screen was dark.
"Are you asleep? Did you get out of the casino?"
Max's voice brought her immediate relief.
"Yeah, I'm out. I ran into someone who looked like King, but I doubt he'd let me see his real face so easily."
"Stay cautious around him."
""I will. I'll wait for you to come back."
""Good girl."
After hanging up, Brielle, who had been wide awake, drifted off to sleep. It was her subconscious protecting her, with the imagined Max advising her to be wary of Myles.
Downstairs, Ramey pulled Myles into the garden, away from prying eyes and cameras, and whispered urgently.
"Cousin, why didn't you tell me you were coming? I know Brielle was your patient. After deep hypnosis, you're not supposed to see her. What are you doing here?"
Though Ramey called Myles 'cousin,' they barely knew each other, having met more at conferences than family gatherings. Myles was always an enigma, renowned for his top-tier hypnosis skills, but his client list was a mystery to Ramey. Myles glanced around the Premier Palace and smiled faintly.
"Didn't I tell you to stay away from Brielle? You're an only child. Could your parents bear losing you?"
Ramey's eyes widened, unsure if Myles was joking or threatening.
"What could possibly happen to Brielle now? I never thought someone as strong as Mr. Dorsey would just... leave."
Myles's brow furrowed, clearly at
wanting to discuss Dorsey. He looked up to the second floor, his eyes filled with complicated emotions. 
"Why are you here, cousin? What's your plan with Brielle?"
"Just checking on a patient's condition."
Ramey exhaled in relief. If Brielle had been Myles's patient, he'd know her well.
Ramey hadn't had much chance to treat Briette. Max wanted to stabilize her emotions first, but after Max's incident and her month-long coma, Ramey hadn't had the opportunity. 
en FindNovel
Now that Myles was here, Ramey
felt a weight lift off his shoe
cousin around, things his
Brielle's case was complex;
be
fine.
Ramey asked Wesley to arrange a room for Myles. Wesley, knowing Ramey was a hypnotherapist and could help Ms. Brielle, quickly obliged.
Late at night, Brielle felt unwell, as if something was bothering her. She thought she heard a faint noise at the door.
She got up, threw on a robe, and opened her bedroom door. Nothing.
Wrapping her robe tighter, she went downstairs. The villa was pitch black, faintly lit by the dim light from outside.
"Max?" she called, hoping he had returned. Silence.
Thinking he might be outside, she opened the living room door. Nothing.
She must have dreamt the noise, mistaking it for his footsteps.
Feeling disappointed, she turned to close the door but froze at the sight of a shadowy figure on the couch.
In the dim light from the window, she could see his masked face.
###Chapter 990
Her brow furrowed, but fear wasn't what gripped her. It was surprise. Surprise that this man would appear inside Premier Palace.
With all those guards outside, how on earth did he get in?
And if he meant to kill her, would it really be that easy? "Ahem, ahem, ahem."
The man coughed a few times before looking up at her.
She seemed to have lost weight, her clothes hanging loosely on her frame as if they might slip off any moment. Standing there, she looked almost swamped by the fabric.
Her eyes appeared unusually large, and as she looked at him, there was no trace of emotion-as if he couldn't stir any feeling within her.
"Waiting for Max?"
The man's voice was hoarse and strained, and it took a few coughs before he managed to speak.
Brielle didn't reply. She chose silence and started to head upstairs.
If he could kill her that easily, why bother resisting? Death didn't seem to scare her much.
""Hold it right there."
His voice turned stormy.
"What's the point in fooling yourself? Don't you know Max is dead? He perished in that blaze, not even ashes left behind."
Brielle's body went rigid. She must have misheard.
She turned around, her eyes wide with disbelief.
King rose slowly, his tone bitter.
"Are you so lost in your little world that you can't stand being without him?"
"Are you out of your mind?"
Brielle's tone went ice-cold as she gripped her cardigan tightly.
Max couldn't be dead. This guy had to be lying.
King stepped closer, reaching out as if to touch her hair.
Brielle recoiled in disgust, keeping a wary eye on him.
King's hand froze in mid-air before he withdrew it, looking defeated.
"It's my fault."
The words tumbled out unexpectedly, and Brielle had no clue what he meant.
King seemed just as surprised by his own words, as if he'd never apologized to anyone before.
But Brielle was already taking the stairs two at a time. As she reached her door, she saw the mask again.
The same aura, the same height.
She stepped back. Wasn't he just downstairs? How did he get up here so fast?
Was it an illusion?
She didn't dare look at the figure. Instead, she quickly unlocked her bedroom door and locked it behind her.
Sleep evaded her that night. Every time she closed her eyes, she saw those flames spreading and heard the relentless explosions.
"If I can't be with you, I wish for your life to be safe and smooth."
Who had said those words? Why did the mere memory of them bring tears to her eyes?
Tears streaked down Brielle's
cheeks as she curled up in bed, pulling the blanket over her head, pretending not to hear the knocking at her door. 
Anyone would feel vulnerable after enduring such upheaval.
She had lost the love of her life and the child she had longed for. Her entire world had crumbled.
Brielle was indeed more fragile than ever, though she didn't realize it. After crying for a while, she heard the knocking grow louder, persistent as if it wouldn't stop until she answered. en FindNovel
She threw back the blanket and saw morning sunlight streaming in; she had hidden under the covers all night.
The knocking persisted, and she couldn't tell if the knocks she heard last night were real or just a dream.
And King's sudden appearance was it real or just her mind playing tricks?
Her thoughts were in a tangled mess.
Slowly, she opened the door to
Wesley standing there, concern
etched on his face. He scanned.ne
from head to toe and finally sighed in relief. FindNovel
"Ms. Brielle, time for breakfast."
Brielle felt drained but worried that skipping a meal would be too much for her body.
Sitting down in the breakfast nook, she noticed Myles wasn't there; only Ramey was at the table.
Ramey frowned but then shrugged.
"My cousin's always so mysterious. I have no idea where he goes. Like a bat, he's active at night and nowhere to be seen during the day."
Brielle felt a pang of disappointment. She had hoped to learn some secrets from Myles, but he was as elusive as a shadow.
Why had he appeared by her side?
She really couldn't understand.
###Chapter 991
Brielle sat at the dinner table, her mind tangled in thoughts that made her food taste like cardboard. Sticking to her routine, she called Max and had a brief chat, but her face clouded over as she put her phone down. Ramey had been watching her from the sidelines. He noticed her muttering to the dark screen and couldn't tell if she was getting better or worse.
"Max is coming home tonight," she suddenly announced, standing up and instructing Wesley to give the Premier Palace a thorough cleaning. Ramey was baffled. Max coming tonight? That didn't add up. Who could she possibly mean?
Brielle decided to skip her visit to Stellar Stage Entertainment, opting instead to prepare for Max's return from his business trip. She held an online meeting with the company's executives from home.
In work mode, she morphed back into the composed and cool-headed Brielle. After she made sure the execs understood her directives, she mentioned Max's return and excused herself.
The execs at Stellar Stage Entertainment, many of whom Brielle had personally promoted, were well aware of her relationship with Max, the president of Dream Tech Designs. They were the ultimate power couple.
When Brielle mentioned Max, the execs started sending their best wishes, making her blush a little. Sure, they'd made their relationship public on Twitter, but admitting it face-to-face was still awkward.
"I've laid out the next steps clearly. I trust you all to keep each other in check. Stellar Stage Entertainment has come too far to slip back into old habits. The suggestion box is still in the lobby, and any name that appears in it will trigger a full investigation. Got it?" she said firmly.
The room buzzed with energy. Stellar Stage Entertainment was on the rise, and with Keiran's new movie set to release soon, they were poised for even greater success. The team was determined to make their mark.
"Got it, Ms. Haywood. Don't worry about a thing. Just go enjoy your date," one of them said, a smile in their voice.
Brielle's stern demeanor softened when Max was mentioned. After ending the call, she settled on the sofa, waiting patiently for him.
But deep down, everyone knew Max wouldn't be coming.
Ramey, unable to bear the sight, thought about hypnotizing her to forget Max. But with her fragile state, he feared it might make things worse.
He had hoped his cousin's presence would provide some stability, but for reasons unknown, his cousin had left early that morning. Ramey regretted not insisting they stay over maybe then he could've
convinced him to remain. 
Now, all he could do was watch the clock's hands circle around, marking the passage of time until dinner, with no doorbell ring.
Brielle didn't seem to notice the growing fatigue, sitting in the fading glow of the sunset, as if she might turn into a statue waiting for a lover who would never appear.
Ramey himself felt drowsy from the day's vigit, Brielle had skipped lunch and dinner, insisting on waiting to eat with Max. Despite Ramey's and Wesley's attempts to change her mind, she wouldn't budge.
At nine in the evening, Ramey went to the kitchen to make himself a coffee. As he returned, Brielle stood up with a face full of surprise. "The doorbell rang!"
Ramey looked at the silent doorbell, his face falling.
Brielle, excited, opened the front
door to a dark and empty outside, lit only by the dim light of the street lamps. She talked to the air, complaining about his late arrival and her hungry wait. 
Then, arm-in-arm with nothing but air, she walked inside, asking Wesley to serve dinner.
To an outsider unaware of her situation, this scene would have been startling. Ramey's coffee cup slipped from his hand, spilling its dark contents and staining the floor. Wesley stood still, as if turned to stone.
The other staff in the villa slowly bowed their heads, a heavy silence enveloping the room.
Brielle's smile faded into confusion. "What's wrong? Why isn't anyone happy that he's back?" she asked, her voice a mix of hope and uncertainty.
###Chapter 992
Ramey was the first to snap out of it, nudging Wesley urgently. "Brent, better get on it, Mr. Dorsey and Ms. Brielle haven't had their dinner yet."
Wesley stood there, frozen, before slowly making his way to the kitchen.
Brielle, arm-in-arm with Max, settled onto the couch. Meanwhile, Ramey bent down to pick up the shattered porcelain pieces from the floor, then grabbed a mop to clean up the coffee stains. These chores weren't really his to do, but he needed something to keep his hands busy and to calm his nerves.
On the couch, Brielle chatted away about recent events-Aubree's movie smashing the box office with three billion, Keiran being swamped with shooting, and then a rant about King being all mysterious and sneaky, moving without a sound.
"Max, you're the best. You always take such good care of me," she said, taking a sip from the glass on the table before offering it to Max.
Max nodded, gently patting her head. Quickly, Brielle poured him a glass. "Your business trips seem to take forever. Must be exhausting, huh? I saw Patrick jetting off abroad too. Dream Tech Designs must be swamped, right?"
No sooner had she spoken than the chef and several servants bustled in with dinner. Brielle sat down next to Max, attentively serving him, though to onlookers, it seemed like the food was falling into an empty bowl.
Ramey sat on the couch, listening to her endless tales. Truth be told, Brielle wasn't always this talkative. Maybe she subconsciously knew their time was running short, prompting her to become quite the chatterbox. To others, this scene might seem eerie, but the atmosphere in the hall was so somber that Brielle was the only one who seemed happy.
At least there was some solace in the fact that Brielle was willing to eat. Once full, she bade everyone goodnight, saying she was tired from the long wait and needed to rest.
As soon as she left, an aging Wesley slumped into a chair, quietly wiping away tears. "What are we going to do?"
No one could answer him; everyone was thinking the same thing. How could this go on? Had Ms. Brielle lost her mind?
Only Ramey remained seated, saying nothing. He would have to observe for another day.
That night, Brielle slept soundly, with no nightmares, as Max was by her side. When she awoke, the dark circles under her eyes had faded. Max said he had a meeting in the study and left the room.
Brielle wanted to sleep more but got up and went downstairs after Max left. The kitchen was bustling, and everyone greeted her as she entered.
"I feel like making soup today. Can anyone teach me?"
Soon enough, she was aproned and ready. But just then, Premier Palace
received a visitor—it was Aubree. Worried about Brielle's absence from Stellar Stage Entertainment the day before, Aubree had come to
x on her. 
Relieved to see Brielle making soup, she figured things must be looking up. As the aroma of soup filled the air, she asked, "Who's the lucky recipient of your homemade soup?" "Max. He's been so worn out from traveling; he needs a good pick-me-up."
Aubree's smile faltered at that. She
waited outside, watching Brielle bustle about Two hours later, Brielle came out with four bowls of soup-one for Ramey, one for Aubree, one for Max, and one for herself. She went upstairs to call Ramey, who was haggard with dark circles from researching, having never come across a patient with both auditory and visual
hallucinations. He needed to consult with his seniors for advice. 
But such simultaneous
hallucinations were exceedingly rare, and to see them manifest so vividly was even rarer. Ramey couldn't help reaching out to his cousin again, but since leaving the day before, his cousin hadn't replied. Something must have happened.
The door was knocked, and Brielle called him down for soup. Then Brielle went to the study to fetch Max.
Aubree sat anxiously below, and when she saw Brielle walking happily arm-in-arm with thin air, her spoon clattered to the floor. Then, she began to cry, biting her lip to stifle her sobs. Brielle, puzzled, asked, "Aubree, what's wrong?"
Aubree hugged her tight and burst into tears. "The next movie's just too heartbreaking. I got too deep into character, and I just can't stop crying."
Brielle patted her back gently, advising her to rest well and to distinguish between reality and fantasy. But Aubree wished she could say the same to her.
###Chapter 993
Brielle was the life of the dinner party, eagerly dishing out heaping servings of homemade stew to Max and the others. Her lips curved into a proud smile as Max complimented her on her culinary skills. "Next time, I'll cook you up another batch." Aubree couldn't sit still any longer, nor could she bear to watch. As Brielle tidied up in the kitchen, Aubree grabbed Ramey's arm and dragged him to the front door. "Isn't there something we can do?" she almost shouted, her voice cracking as tears streamed down her cheeks.
Ramey, looking just as exhausted, massaged his temples. "Unless Max comes back."
But how could he? How could someone who's gone return?
Aubree was frantic. "Maybe we should call the Lynch family, have them take her away. I can't stand this anymore. My heart aches. If I had known it would come to this, I would never have let them get so close."
She paced in distress, clearly on the verge of collapse. Ramey relented. Brielle's condition was beyond what he could manage. Maybe it was time to let the Lynch family step in. With family by her side, perhaps she'd start to heal instead of clinging to the memory of someone who wasn't there.
As they discussed what to do, Brielle opened the door, her arms wrapped around thin air, looking puzzled. "What's going on? Did the stew not sit right with you?"
She had caught Aubree and Ramey off guard, just outside the living room. Aubree asked, "Where are you headed?"
"I'm off to buy rings with Max. He just told me we lost the ones we had, and I need to get a new set." Her face lit up with a smile, then shifted to annoyance. "I've already scolded him for being so careless."
Aubree and Ramey exchanged worried glances. This couldn't happen. If she went to the mall and started talking to the air, the sales staff would probably call the cops. "Bri, maybe we should do that another day."
But Brielle was adamant. "No, I want to go now. I'm in a hurry."
Aubree tried to reason with her, but to no avail. They watched helplessly as Brielle got into the car. With no other choice, they followed her in. Addison was the driver, silent the entire ride.
As they passed a hospital, Aubree clutched her stomach dramatically. "Oh, my stomach is killing me. We might need to stop at the hospital Bri, could you come with me for a check-up? Let Max wait with the others." 
If they went to the mall, it would all be exposed, causing panic. Naturally, Brielle agreed to accompany her friend in need, setting aside her ring shopping. Yet she was uneasy about leaving Max, fearing he might disappear again. It was odd-why did she feet it would be "again"? 
She insisted on bringing Max along, and with no other option, Aubree consented.
Just as they reached the hospital, they ran into Michael. This wasn't the formidable patriarch of the Dorsey family they knew. Michael
looked utterly defeated
Brielle, he looked as though he wanted to tear her apart, but age had taken its toll, leaving him incapable of more than a bitter glare. 
Brielle faced Michael, her expression turning cold. Michael coughed, his head drooping. "I've lost everything. I regret it all... The Dorsey family is ruined because of me."
He muttered to himself, a picture of desolation, attempting to pass by Brielle. The Lynch family's little princess after all this time, Michael still couldn't digest the news.
His stubbornness, his disdain-it all seemed like a cruel joke now. His life had become an absurd tragedy. He had lost so pathetically, so pitifully-he was Michael, after all.
Brielle, still holding onto Max, spoke up to avoid any further entanglement with the Dorseys. "Max, let's keep our distance from the Dorsey folks from now on. They're no good." Michael stiffened, looking up at Brielle incredulously. She continued to admonish the air. "They only want to use you."
Aubree, standing beside her, wanted to silence her friend, but it was already too late.
###Chapter 994
The moment seemed to stretch out endlessly before Michael burst into laughter, loud and wild, like he had just heard the funniest joke in the world.
"Brielle, who are you talking to?" he asked, a mocking edge in his voice.
Brielle instinctively stepped in front of Max, eyes sharp and wary. "What do you want, Michael?"
Michael was convinced now-she had lost her mind.
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha," he bellowed, his laughter a bizarre symphony in the otherwise silent room.
"Look, I admit I've lost, but you haven't won either, Brielle. Take a good look around. Is Max really here? The fire at the manor... I heard you were the only survivor. Did Max die in the flames? If so, good riddance. It means I haven't truly lost. Isn't life just like that? All the scheming, and in the end, we're left empty-handed."
Brielle's body tensed, her face flushed with anger.
But she kept her cool. Clearly, Michael was trying to provoke her.
"Michael, the Dorsey family is done for. There's no need for these jabs. Max cut ties with your family long ago. So, I owe you nothing."
She looped her arm through Max's, eager to leave Michael and his insanity behind.
But Michael grabbed her sleeve, his laughter growing even more maniacal.
"I thought I was the tragic one, but you, Brielle, you're the real tragedy. No more Max, and the life you carried is gone too. Normal folks can't bear such blows. It's expected you'd go mad. Sanity would be the abnormal reaction. Pitiful, truly pitiful. We're all pitiable ! creatures."
Brielle's features turned icy as she prepared to retort, but Aubree held her back.
"Enough, Bri. Let's not stoop to his level. Let's go inside."
But Michael thrived on Brielle's distress. Now, all he had was money from selling Dorsey International. But what use was it? He wanted the thriving company, not just cold cash.
"Brielle, look around. Is anyone there? If you don't believe me, ask Aubree. She's your best friend, right? She wouldn't lie to you. Ask her Is Max by your side? The fire reduced him to ashes. No wonder there's been no news of him. You've hidden it well. I thought he was just critically injured. Such a shame; after all, he was my finest creation."
Brielle paled, then turned to Aubree.
"Aubree, he's here with me, right? Max is here?"
Aubree hesitated, avoiding Brielle's gaze, then nodded. "Yes, it's him. Who else could it be?"
Aubree, the rising star of their generation, had already scored a blockbuster hit and was on the track to awards, but in front of Brielle, her presence felt almost invisible.
Brielle raised her hand, touching the air where Max's cheek should be.
"How could
Sight here. Michael,
De? See, he's clearly
you he's not? Aubree,
carefully-is he really
Her hand moved through empty space, and Aubree, close to tears, could no longer bear it and grabbed Brielle's arm.
"Bri, maybe we should head back, okay?"
Brielle froze, then reality hit her like.
cold,
The hand that
a
have felt warm flesh toll mee
nothing but air. Content FindNovel
It was as if she'd been slapped awake from a beautiful dream.
She glanced at her fingertips-pale, empty.
Defiantly, she reached out again-still nothing.
Just air.
Frantically, she pulled out her phone and dialed Max's number. It went straight to voicemail.
No answer, no Max.
The dream was over.
Brielle collapsed to the ground.
At the sight, Michael's laughter grew even sharper.
Nobody had won; they were all losers.
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha."
He laughed his way out, bumping into Ramey who had just entered.
Seeing Aubree's panicked expression, Ramey hurried over and delivered a swift chop to the back of Brielle's neck.
She slumped, limp as a rag doll.
Tears streamed down Aubree's face, her body weak with grief.
Somehow, she and Ramey managed to help Brielle into the car.
?
Through her sobs, Aubree's chest ached painfully. If only she'd known they would encounter Michael, she would never have come to the hospital. 
###Chapter 995
Ramey's face was serious, lips pressed tight. "I've already called Mr. Lynch. He's heading out tonight to bring Brielle to North America." Aubree wiped her tears away with the back of her hand, nodding absentmindedly.
Even unconscious, Brielle was haunted by memories of the fire, blending with the distant nightmare of the orphanage blaze from her childhood. Fire was her greatest fear. It had taken away what mattered most and left her with the deepest scars.
"If I can't be with you, then I hope your life is nothing but safe and smooth," she whispered to herself, realizing it was Max's voice echoing in her mind.
A month later, in North America.
Dustin's mansion was famed for its stunning aesthetic, thanks to Mrs. Xavier's love for flowers. The garden was a year-round tapestry of blossoms.
Dustin had turned his mansion into a personal fortress, swapping out the staff to protect the privacy of the one he wanted to care for indefinitely. Known as North America's most eligible bachelor, the media went wild when the news broke, dedicating a week's worth of front-page stories to the scoop. The story even went international.
Journalists were desperate to interview the mystery woman hidden within Dustin's fortress, but the mansion was impenetrable. Not even a fly could get through its defenses. After a month, the media gave up, speculating that Dustin must have found true love to go to such lengths to protect her.
Bringing Brielle over wasn't an easy decision, considering the ongoing entanglements with the Lynch family. Their affairs had been intricately woven over the years, requiring the careful removal of each suspect, many of whom had been deeply embedded for a long time. But Dustin had a firm grasp on the situation. He could keep his sister safe in his mansion, spending his days simply talking to her.
Brielle had only started interacting with others in the past week. At first, she wouldn't say a word to Dustin, just stared blankly into space. Each morning before she woke, he would leave gifts worth fortunes by her bedside, only to find them untouched upon his return. But now, the hallucinations had ceased, and she was aware that she had lost the child and Max was gone.
She had returned to the Lynch family, gained the relatives she had longed for, only to lose everything else she had ever wanted. It was like the universe was telling her not to be greedy. How could she possibly have a loving family and a man like Max to love her too? Her eyes downcast, she told Dustin she wanted to go outside. Her eyes were perpetually swollen from crying, and Dustin worried that if she kept it up, she might eventually cry herself blind.
Their grandmother was also insisting on visiting Beaconsfield. Last time, Dustin had calmed her down, persuading her to cooperate with the doctors until her health improved enough for the trip. Now with Brielle in North America, Dustin hesitated to introduce her to the elderly woman, considering her current state. Moreover, their father was on the phone ten times a day, eager to know even the minutest details of Brielle's life.
The Lynch family could offer Brielle the most prestigious status and a glittering lineage, but they couldn't bring back the one thing she wanted most-Max. The Lynch family, truth, was powerless. This
over
realization plunged both Raymond
and Dustin into a deep pool of regret. 
Now that Brielle was willing to venture out, Dustin naturally agreed, wanting to accompany her. But Brielle's expression remained neutral. "Let me go alone," she said softly.
Dustin resigned himself to her wish.
The mansion was expansive, arguably the most luxurious in North America, stretching across acres of land. Without a direct drive, one could easily get lost on the estate. With over twenty cars coming and going daily, the aim was to blur the lines of sight for anyone watching from outside, preventing any stakeouts. Thus, Brielle could leave by car without raising any suspicions. 
As Brielle observed the bustling scene outside, she realized it was Valentine's Day back home. Her lips twitched slightly, and she retracted her gaze, returning to the jewel
store where she and Max had once shopped for rings. The salesperson seemed to recognize her, after all, her appearance had once caused a stir with Mr. Lynch himself. 
"Ms. Brielle, is that you? Here for rings again?" the salesperson inquired.
Brielle's lips parted, and she purchased an identical pair of rings to the ones she had chosen with Max, slipping them onto her fingers. As she reached for her card to pay, the salesperson shook his head.
"Ms. Brielle, Mr. Lynch has already instructed us that anything you purchase is not to be charged."
Without a word, Brielle pocketed her card, studying the rings on her now much slimmer fingers-she had to order them two sizes smaller.
Just as she was about to leave, a childlike yet oddly mature voice called out from nearby.
"I'll take a set of her rings, too."
Brielle turned toward the sound to see a four-year-old boy, dressed in a miniature black suit, his face stern as he glanced up at her.
For a moment, Brielle's breath caught in her throat. He bore an uncanny resemblance to Max.
###Chapter 996
It was like looking at a mini-Max!
Brielle's lips quivered, unable to form words as the world seemed to tilt and blur around her. She tried to push thoughts of Max away, but in the dark of night, memories flooded in, unstoppable. Having had hallucinations before, she questioned if this Max-lookalike kid was real or just another figment of her imagination.
But it felt too real.
Frozen in place, the memory of that devastating fire flashed before her eyes once more. She stumbled back, and by the time she snapped back to reality, the child was gone. Brielle shook herself awake, frantically scanning her surroundings. Still no sign.
She sprinted after the figure, catching only a glimpse of the child getting into a car that quickly drove off. Brielle chased after the car for a few steps before slowing to a stop, squinting up at the blinding sunshine. The child was the spitting image of Max in every way. The thought of her unborn child flashed through her mind.
In the moving vehicle, the driver glanced back at the woman running behind, furrowing his brow. "Young Master, did you forget to pay for something?"
It was the Young Master's first outing, and he had insisted on coming here to buy a ring. He had been sheltered his whole life and never taught the basics of everyday living. He probably didn't even realize you had to pay for things in a store. Otherwise, why would that woman be chasing after us?
The child looked up, his face indeed a miniature Max's. "Pay for it?" His voice was slow, deliberate with each word. "Daddy said, 'If you want it, take it."""
The driver sighed helplessly. "What did you take from inside, Young Master?"
"Nothing at all." He answered quickly, raising his hand, "I want a ring."
The child had a mild communication disorder. He had lived all his life in a deserted castle, meals prepared on schedule, with only a pet for company Although beautiful, the castle was a lonely place, a lavish landmark of the country but devoid of companions. It wasn't until recently that someone came to teach him language. Otherwise, at his age, he might still be unable to converse. His interactions had been limited to his pet and the occasional visit from his father.
"So you didn't take anything? Then there's no need to pay. I thought the woman chasing the car was a sales clerk because you hadn't paid."
"Sales clerk?"
"The person who sells you things."
Huo Zhi glanced in the rearview mirror, but the distance was too far now. He could only see a tiny dot. He returned his gaze forward, but the image of the woman he encountered at the mall lingered in his mind. "Australian, beautiful."
Meanwhile, Brielle got into her own
car and couldn't help but call Dustin. Dustin had been busy wrapping up affairs for the Lynch family, still hunting down a few deeply hidden individuals. Ecstatic at Brielle's call, Dustin nearly jumped for joy. He had been tormented this past month, with Brielle refusing to communicate with anyone, spending her days in a daze and her nights in silent tears. Fearing for their sanity, Dustin felt he might soon need a shrink himself. 
"Hey, sis," he called softly, trying to sound as gentle as possible.
"Bro, can you look into a kid for me? Looks just like Max, as if carved out of the same mold. His dad might be Max's twin brother."
At that, Dustin's smile vanished.
Max, again. After hallucinations and shattered dreams, she'd come to North America, yet the nightmare persisted. Was she seeing Max out there once more? Rubbing his temple, Dustin sighed. "Alright, I'll look into it." 
Brielle couldn't rest until she knew the truth. She was desperate for answers.
###Chapter 997
Brielle returned to Dustin's swanky manor, and they settled in for dinner together. Lately, Dustin had been practically glued to her side, putting his usual playboy antics on hold. It seemed like he hadn't even glanced at another woman since Brielle came back into his life. As they ate, Dustin kept a close eye on Brielle, trying to see if her hallucinations had come back. She had left the house earlier that day looking pretty down, but came back with a much lighter expression.
Over dinner, she brought up the child again. "Bro, he really reminds me of Max," she said, a wistful look in her eyes that tugged at Dustin's heartstrings.
Brielle had lost more than just Max; she had lost a child, and today, it seemed she saw Max in another kid's face. She was still struggling to get over the trauma of losing Max.
Dustin had tried everything to comfort her, but he still felt helpless. All he could do was reassure her. "I'm on it, and as soon as I find anything, you'll be the first to know." In reality, he hadn't put anyone on the case. He knew it was a dead end. Still, he had to give her some hope to keep her from spiraling again.
Her mood had visibly improved after her outing today. Maybe she just needed to get out more? "There's a gala tomorrow night. Wanna go? Some friends of yours will be there. Keiran's movie wrapped up a month ago, right? It's in the running for an Oscar, and the whole cast will be there. You should go and reconnect with them."
Hearing that the folks from Stellar Stage Entertainment would be there, Brielle's eyes lit up. She smiled, "Sure, I haven't seen them in a while."
The Oscar gala was always a big deal, drawing in a lot of influential people. The red carpet was for the stars, but the real action happened at the dinner afterward.
Brielle skipped the daytime red carpet, which was already packed with people and stars lining up for photos. Keiran was among those walking the red carpet, a seasoned pro whose acting had become a symbol of Australia.
After the daytime festivities, the evening gala kicked off. Brielle wore a custom-made gown adorned with diamonds from the waist down, courtesy of the Lynch family. But Dustin was far from satisfied. In his eyes, his sister deserved nothing but the best, and the gown's scattered small diamonds were almost an insult - mere trinkets, despite their allure.
The Lynch family was wealthy enough that if Brielle wanted a mountain of diamonds, Dustin would make it happen that very evening. Seeing her in this dress, he felt it didn't do justice to her status.
Yet Brielle loved the gown; it was understated and complemented her figure perfectly. She looked forward to seeing Keiran, Aubree, and Chase, who had been a great support back home.
She chose to enter the gala alone, respecting the Lynch family's decision to keep her identity under wraps - her own request, to avoid complicating Dustin's ongoing investigations.
As she lifted the hem of her sparkling gown and made her way into the grand ballroom, she was unaware of the envious eyes watching her from the shadows.
Alivia, despite her tarnished reputation back home, still had a vast network abroad. Her mentor was a big shot in the industry, so her presence at the gala wasn't surprising.
However, spotting Brielle filled her
with venomous resentment. She had been slaving away for an elderly woman, hoping to be recognized as her granddaughter, but to no avail. She had also lost contact with Antonio. When he first positioned her in front of the Lynch family, she had high hopes for his ambitions. But then he vanished, leaving no trace. 

Anet
Frustration boiled within her. What right did Brielle have to be at this gala? Even if she was the president of Stellar Stage Entertainment, it was just a minor company back home. Sure, a few reps from Stellar Stage Entertainment were there, but they were acclaimed artists. What was Brielle's claim to fame? 
Previously, Aubree's movie had been nominated, but it was Keiran who won the award, leaving Aubree with just a nomination. The thought afone was enough to stoke Alivia's ire- these were the stars Brielle had elevated. 
Aubree's debut film had been nominated for an Oscar - what did that signify? The only other person with such acclaim back home was Keiran. It was infuriating that both were talents of Stellar Stage Entertainment! Clutching her glass tightly, Alivia was convinced Brielle must have sneaked into the event. Tonight, she vowed, Brielle would face utter humiliation.
###Chapter 998
Brielle had no clue about Alivia's underhanded plans; in fact, she had practically forgotten about her. When she stepped into the grand ballroom decked out in her elegant gown, the room went silent for a beat. A director even came up to her, curious if she was the star of some blockbuster film.
People from abroad were always so warm, never holding back their praise. Brielle was soon surrounded by a crowd of admirers, answering their questions one by one. Suddenly, a familiar voice chimed in from nearby.
Brielle froze, turning towards the voice to find Alivia standing there. She hadn't expected to see her here. Alivia had shed the desperate, defeated look she had back home, now carrying herself like the high-and-mighty Barnes family heiress once more.
"She's not the lead in any movie; she's just here to crash the red carpet, right, Brielle?"
Alivia's eyes were filled with contempt as she looked at Brielle, as if she still had her under her thumb. Spending too much time with Desiree Lynch, where everyone treated her like royalty, had brought back her old arrogance. She had even met Dustin a few times and fancied that he might have a thing for her. Even if she couldn't be Desiree's goddaughter, she could still aim to be the wife of Infinity Brilliance's CEO. With Infinity Brilliance's influence in North America, who did she need to worry about? Smirking, she swirled the wine in her glass.
"Artists from Stellar Stage Entertainment attending this event must mean they have something noteworthy, but I don't recall hearing about their CEO getting an invite. With Stellar's status, scoring an invite must be quite the feat, right?"
Alivia's disdain for Brielle ran deep. She would never forget the humiliation when she left Beaconsfield, nearly groveling to maintain some dignity, only to be rejected. Abroad, she had regained her confidence and was determined to reclaim everything Brielle had taken from her-tonight!
She had secretly started a live stream, her people mingling in the crowd to capture the moment. Alivia planned to expose Brielle in front of everyone at the gala. She had done her homework: aside from Keiran, Aubree, and some directors, no one from Stellar Stage Entertainment had received an invite. Brielle was indeed crashing the event.
In their social circles, nothing was more looked down upon than gatecrashers-desperation was just plain cheap! Alivia remembered all the online hate she had endured and was set on making Brielle's suffering a hundred, a thousand times worse.
Before she even spotted Brielle,
Alivia had teased on her
international Twitter that she would reveal Brielle's vanity tonight. Trying to elevate herself to be worthy of Max, was she? As long as Brielle remained an unwanted orphan from the foster system, she'd never be good enough for him! 
Alivia despised Brielle and was bitter about Max. She wasn't going to miss this chance to make Brielle laughingstock. Her Twitter was already blowing up with over half a million comments, everyone eagerly waiting for her live stream.
The device for the live stream was in someone else's hand, ready for Alivia to make her move on Brielle. The live room was packed, viewers itching for the drama.
"Alivia's taken her feud with Brielle overseas? These two are really archenemies."
"A nobody like Brielle climbing the ranks at Dorsey International-wasn't it because she slept with Max?"
The online comments were getting
nastier, and the live stream drew
more eyes to the unfolding spectacle. The feed was crystal clear, evidence of careful planning. Haters of independent women left a
barrage of nasty comments
They accused Brielle of being a pretender, a woman who used men to climb up the ladder, now acting all high and mighty. The gala went silent with Alivia's sudden outburst, all eyes on Brielle. Brielle realized that even abroad, Alivia hadn't changed one bit.
"Brielle, you might not know the rules here, but uninvited guests are usually shown the door."
Alivia's smile was a thinly veiled display of triumph.
###Chapter 999
In the high-flying circles of North America, if you weren't as well-established as the Lynch family, any misstep at a gala could earn you the scorn of the elite. Brielle's silence at the event only solidified everyone's assumption that she was an imposter among them.
A tall bodyguard strode over, offering apologies to the distinguished guests for the disturbance. To be at this event, you were either an international superstar or a major investor. While there were a few gate-crashers, Brielle was the only one caught red-handed, and the
online live stream viewers were going berserk, accusing her of embarrassing Australia.
"Why bother going there without an invite? It's not like she's strapped for cash," one commented.
"So embarrassing, just looking at this is making me cringe," another added.
"Our country's reputation is at stake now," lamented a third.
Celebrities had tried to sneak into the Oscars before, only to be ridiculed once their photos circulated back home. But this dinner was far more secure, and very few managed to infiltrate it. Brielle must have found a loophole, but being exposed like this was mortifying. Alivia sipped her wine slowly as the bodyguard approached Brielle. "Brielle, you should know your place, coming from the humble beginnings of Welfare Mark. Stellar Stage Entertainment isn't big enough to be here, despite having a few lucky artists under your wing," she said, attributing Keiran and Aubree's success to mere fortune.
Alivia felt a surge of vindication as she watched Brielle's downfall, her lips curling into a smirk. "You might as well leave now. If the hosts pursue this, the reprimand you'll face will be far harsher."
As the bodyguard reached Brielle, she stepped back, ready to present her invitation. She didn't need one; her brother had told her that the Lynch family's name was the only invite she required. But since she didn't want her identity disclosed, her brother had secured an invitation for her, which she had shown to the staff upon entry. Alivia, however, hadn't witnessed that moment.
But as Brielle's hand dipped into her bag, Alivia shouted, "Careful, she might have a gun!"
The room froze. The two bodyguards in front of Brielle were the first to draw their weapons, pointing them at her head.
In this country, where firearms were not prohibited, any sign of drawing a gun gave the police a reason to shoot on sight. Brielle hadn't expected Alivia to stoop so low as to use the country's laws against her. She raised an eyebrow, to call
Dustin, when an elderly voice cut through the crowd. 
"Put those guns down! Who gave you the right to touch her!"
Desiree Lynch had been absent from the public eye for over a decade, and even this star-studded event wasn't significant enough to coax her into attendance. Someone in the crowd recognized her, and the air
immediately filled with respect. 
"Desiree."
A glint appeared in Alivia's eyes. She had been currying favor with Desiree, who had warmed to her, although not to the point of acknowledging her as a granddaughter. Alivia rushed forward, taking Desiree's arm. "Grandma, what brings you here?"
The title was brazen, given Alivia's audacity in the care home to call Desiree by that name. Desiree's eyebrows lifted slightly.
The crowd was shocked by Alivia's address. Could Alivia be the lost princess of the Lynch family that had been sought for so long? The search had gone on for years, and many assumed the daughter was irretrievable.
But now, a young woman in her twenties was calling Desiree "Grandma," and Desiree had made an appearance at this very event for her. It seemed she was ready to show support for the granddaughter she had just found.
Upon seeing Desiree, Brielle
stiffened, and her eyes reddened
with emotion. She remembered visiting Desiree, speaking the truth only while the elderly woman slept, for fear of causing her distress. Desiree's condition had been serious, but now she seemed much improved. 
The guests began greeting Desiree politely, while Alivia, standing before her with a constant smile, seemed to relive her moment at the center of attention.
###Chapter 1000
In the live stream, hundreds of thousands of viewers were left speechless.
"Who on Earth is this Desiree? Why does everyone seem to treat her so well?"
"Desiree is the grandmother of Infinity Brilliance's current CEO, Dustin. That means Alivia's connected with the Lynch family!"
"Alivia's hit the jackpot, hasn't she? Back home, she was vilified by everyone."
"Brielle's in hot water now."
Not only were the viewers thinking this, but so were the people at the event. The security guard standing before Brielle lowered his firearm. He knew Desiree was known for her pleasant demeanor, always graceful and composed. In her youth, she was even famous for her ladylike charm.
She probably didn't want her granddaughter's antics to ruin the evening.
The guard nodded respectfully to Desiree, while Alivia still clung to her.
"Grandma, what brings you here? I was so worried about your health. Should I take you home now?"
But Desiree's gaze was fixed on Brielle, her eyes brimming with excitement. However, with an audience around, she had to maintain composure. Dressed in an elegant gown, Desiree approached Brielle, examining her face closely.
She was the spitting image of Shishi, even more natural-looking than Annie.
Desiree had longed to see her granddaughter, nearly losing hope.
"Grandma, don't be upset over someone like her. I'll have the guards escort her out. Don't let this affect your health."
Alivia smirked triumphantly at Brielle, as if to say, "See? I'm now connected with the Lynch family. Desiree herself has come to protect me. And you? You'll always be the girl from the orphanage no one wanted. Even if Max chose you, it won't change your lowly origins!" Alivia expected to see fear and envy on Brielle's face, given the Lynch family's stature in North America-Brielle couldn't compare even in her next life.
But Brielle was too calm, not even sparing Alivia a glance, her eyes locked on Desiree.
Desiree returned the gaze, and just as everyone anticipated Desiree would defend Alivia, her eyes welled up, and she reached for Brielle's hand. "Oh, darling, I'm so glad you're back."
Everyone's minds were riddled with question marks. What was
happening? Had Desiree mister net
her own granddaughter due her age? 
Brielle didn't care about the crowd's she just held Desiree's
might overwhelm her. 
"Grandma, why are you here? Didn't Dustin tell you to rest?"
At the mention of Dustin, a flash of anger crossed Desiree's face.
"That boy tried to stop me from seeing you. I had to follow you here. Darling, let grandma have a good look at you."
Desiree turned Brielle around, "You've lost weight, far too much. You've suffered."
Brielle pressed her lips together, not speaking, just continually comforting her grandmother.
The onlookers quickly addressed Desiree.
"Desiree, do you have two granddaughters?"
Desiree straightened up, holding Brielle's hand warmly, "Brielle is my granddaughter, Dustin's little sister."
"And who's this one?"
"She's a nurse from the care facility."
The response was immediate.
A ripple of laughter spread through the crowd.
So, Alivia had been putting on airs for nothing?
A nurse, trying to pass as the
granddaughter of the family? Calling her grandma? How embarrassing
must it be? How thick could her face
be? 
###Chapter 1001
But what really caught everyone off guard was that this woman, who hadn't even received an invitation, turned out to be a member of the Lynch family! Desiree warmly grasped Brielle's hand. "You really need to take care of yourself when we get back, sweetheart. It's all your brother's fault."
Desiree had been fussing to see Brielle every day, even insisting on visiting Beaconsfield, and not even Raymond could stop her. They had to rush Dustin Lynch back home. Although Dustin managed to calm everyone down, Desiree made a mental note of his actions. Now that her granddaughter had returned, everyone else had to step aside.
The atmosphere at the event instantly buzzed with excitement for two reasons: the Lynch family had found their lost princess, and Alivia was utterly embarrassed.
The looks some gave her seemed to wish her into the sewers. Her face was a mix of pale and flushed, tears welling in her eyes. Desiree's comment, calling her a caregiver, crushed all her pride.
It was as if she was back in Beaconsfield, the target of public scorn. How could Brielle possibly be the lost princess of the Lynch family? How could she?!
She had just been mocking her background, and reality had slapped her hard in the face! Alivia felt like she was losing her mind, especially when Desiree turned to look at her.
"You don't need to come to work tomorrow; your pay will be in your account tonight."
That was the last straw. Considering how eagerly Alivia had been acting, the crowd burst into laughter. Alivia couldn't bear to look at anyone, let alone Brielle, feeling utterly downtrodden.
How could Brielle always be so lucky! Damn it! Alivia had forgotten that the event was being live-streamed, and her disgrace had been captured for all to see. The live chat was going wild. "Brielle?! Desiree's granddaughter?"
"That's the younger sister of the CEO of Infinity Brilliance! Holy smokes, that's Infinity Brilliance we're talking about!!"
"How many more surprises does Brielle have up her sleeve! My gosh, her background was always criticized, but she saved the best for last!"
"Where are those who said she was
vain, that she climbed the social ladder through men? Can they apologize now? A diamond empire princess, needing to cling to men?!" 
en FindNovel
"Mr. Dorsey truly has a better eye than us commoners, picking out Brielle as the pearl."
The social circles of Beaconsfield were in an uproar, and those who had mocked Brielle's background now felt the heat of embarrassment.
Then, the North American elite
circles also buzzed with excitement. Many socialites in North America had been chasing Dustin, but the playboy was elusive, seemingly affectionate to all yet heartless at the heart. 
Now that Dustin had a sister, did it mean winning her over was a way to Dustin's heart? But there was hesitation about how Dustin actually felt about his sister.
With the Lynch family's lost daughter found, it meant Brielle would have a share in Infinity Brilliance. Did Dustin, her brother, really not mind?
The elite knew the dark, dirty fights
within their circles. Then Dustin appeared, a glass of red wine in his hand, unaware of the commotion. Seeing Brielle's slightly red eyes made his heart skip. 
Was his sister bullied?! He strode over, placed the wine on a waiter's tray, and gently held Brielle's face, examining her. "Little Falcon, have you been bullied?" After saying that, his gaze swept over the crowd, a threatening aura emanating.
"Who was it?" No one dared to respond, and Alivia, closest to him, felt her legs weaken with fear.
###Chapter 1002
Back in Beaconsfield, Alivia had already hinted at wanting to be the lady of Infinity Brilliance, Dustin's empire. The fact that the research institute had come under fire because of her was a minor detail to him; after all, losing money wasn't really a big deal in his world. But when she showed up at his grandma's, he knew she had ulterior motives. Yet, seeing his grandma perk up after her arrival, he couldn't be bothered to intervene. Let her be, he thought; she couldn't really turn the sky upside down.
Dustin turned and spotted her, a flash of disgust crossing his face.
However, bullying a member of the Lynch family on their own turf was like signing one's death warrant. He signaled to a nearby bodyguard.
"Throw her out. And make sure she's banned from any event hosted by the Lynch family from now on."
It turned out tonight's gala was indeed hosted by the Lynch family. Well, it made sense; the Lynches were big in the diamond trade, often rubbing shoulders with international celebrities. Every star seemed desperate for an endorsement from the Lynch family. Alivia's pupils shrunk; her legs gave out beneath her, unable to stand. Being thrown out by the Lynch family-what did that mean for her? Given the Lynch family's standing in North America, she was effectively blacklisted, doomed to never grace a public event again. How could this happen? She couldn't believe this was her end!
But the bodyguard showed no mercy, grabbing her by the arms and dragging her outside.
Her struggles were in vain; her hair was a tangled mess as she glared venomously at Brielle. If looks could kill, Brielle would have died a thousand deaths by now.
"No! Please, no!"
In this moment, Alivia realized how foolish she had been, dreaming of being recognized as Desiree's adopted granddaughter, not realizing the Lynch family already knew Brielle was one of their own. Her appearance at the nursing home was nothing but a cruel joke! The humiliation was too much for Alivia; tears streamed down her face. Back in Beaconsfield, she had believed in a possible comeback, as long as she could secure the backing of the Lynch family, taking down Brielle would be easy. But the very support she craved turned out to be Brielle's family. She became the joke of the century.
How could this be!
"Thud!"
She was thrown out, rolling on the ground in her once-prized dress. This dress, which she had gone to great lengths to buy after being cut off by the Barnes family and having her accounts frozen, was now ruined. She had reassured herself, at least her taste and aesthetics, honed from a young age, were
wn
In
intact-something Brielle could never match. She was, after all, a lady raised in luxury, not some orphanage upstart. Just by her worldview alone, she was leagues ahead of Brielle. 
Yet there Brielle was, basking in adoration, while Alivia was discarded like trash.
Sitting on the ground, Alivia sobbed breathlessly. The media, ever so eager, swarmed around her, cameras pointed at her disheveled state. Foreign media had no qualms about bold headlines, and Alivia, like a madwoman, tried to cover her face. "Get lost! All of you, get lost!"
She heard mocking laughter in
various English accents around her, demeaning her every step. She cried again, struggling to get up and leave. But the shock was too much; every few steps, her dress would trip her up, making her the laughingstock. The cameras relentlessly captured every fall, every stumble. 
"How could this be, how could she be a Lynch?" "Ha, impossible! Get out of here!"
Alivia lost a shoe, her shoulders shaking amidst overwhelming jealousy, and she found herself unable to cry any longer. Just then, a group of bodyguards escorting celebrities pushed through, shoving anyone in their way aside, including Alivia. 
"Move it."
With that push, Alivia tumbled down the stairs. Mumbling to herself, but her words were lost in the chaos.
Indeed, she became the center of attention tonight, but not in the way she had hoped.
###Chapter 1003
In the grand hall, Dustin's sudden outburst had created an atmosphere thick with tension. But then, as everyone watched Dustin's face softening when he looked at Brielle, it felt like a breath of fresh spring air had just blown in.
"You're still getting used to these events, so make sure no one messes with you, alright? And this dress... too many people in white tonight. I searched everywhere and couldn't find you. Next time, skip the sequins. Just wear a massive diamond tiara so I can spot you right away!" Dustin said with a warm smile. Brielle thought to herself that it was a bit over the top. He was treating her like she was made of the most delicate glass, afraid she'd shatter with a touch or dissolve in his mouth.
Dustin, doting brother extraordinaire!
The crowd was stunned. Sure, Dustin had always been affectionate with the women around him, but the way he fussed over Brielle was next level.
With other women, it was about respect. Dustin had his fair share of romances, but none of his exes ever ran to the media to expose him, nor did they vent on social media. Instead, a few exes seemed to post wistful updates online, perhaps hoping to catch his attention. But once Dustin moved on, he never looked back.
With the others, he maintained control. But with Brielle, he softened completely. It was like her joys and sorrows were his own. Anyone who messed with Brielle had it worse than if they'd crossed him.
Initially, Dustin had planned to keep Brielle's true identity a secret because of her fragile state. The last thing he needed was for people to target her during a vulnerable moment. He couldn't bear the thought of Brielle facing danger again. Even though the Lynch family was powerful, there were always cracks in even the strongest defenses.
Take Max Dorsey, for example. Wasn't he a force to be reckoned with? Yet, in the end, he lost everything.
Given the current situation, if Dustin didn't show his affection for Brielle publicly, rumors of discord could spread among the North American elite. This could lead people trying to curry favor with him to target Brielle. So, he decided to go public.
Brielle felt a warmth in her heart, understanding Dustin's intentions. She felt cherished by the Lynch family, but at the same time, experienced a profound sense of loss. This was what she had always longed for, but she never imagined that gaining it would mean losing Max.
Her spirit dampened, especially after an unpleasant encounter with Alivia, and she no longer wanted to stay. Though Aubree Clements and Keiran hadn't arrived yet, Brielle felt an urge to leave. There would be other opportunities to meet.
Just as she was about to tell Dustin, a flurry of welkwishers surrounded them, likely offering congratulations to the Lynch family. Concerned for his grandmother, who wasn't used to such events and had attended in secrecy, Dustin decided to escort her home first, asking Brielle to wait for him. Dustin still had people to meet and friends he wanted to
introduce to Brielle, so she
obediently stayed behind.
Now that her identity was revealed, curiosity surrounded her, but with Dustin's evident adoration, no one dared to approach, opting instead to watch from a distance. Brielle enjoyed a moment of respite, retreating to a corner. But then, snippets of conversations in English caught her attention.
"Did you hear? Someone significant is supposed to arrive tonight, someone from the Dorsey family?"
"Which Dorsey family?"
"Back when the older generation of the Lynch family first came to North America, they were accompanied by someone with the last name Ho. They were brothers, planning to buy a mountain together. But in the end, only the Lynch family got the permit, dominating the diamond trade for years. The Ho family vanished, rumored to have gone into the oil business." 
"Oh, that story, I've heard the elders
speak of it. The Ho family didn't just
miss out on wealth; there was also a
woman involved who ended up
a man from the Lynch family,
with
eventually marrying into it. But that's ancient history, from our
great-grandfathers' time, right?"
"Exactly. But now, the top oil magnate in Saudi Arabia carries the Ho surname. An hour ago, news broke. You know how secretive these oil traders are, always using codenames. What was it? King?" Brielle wasn't particularly interested in century-old gossip, but overhearing the codename made her frown. Was it a coincidence?
The gossip continued.
"If King is a descendant of that Ho family, then there's bad blood with the Lynch family. First, a betrayal over the mountain deal, then taking the man's woman."
"The true story is anybody's guess. Anyway, it seems he's come to North America, likely looking to establish himself here."
###Chapter 1004
The guy from Beaconsfield Casino was known as King, and nobody had ever managed to figure out his background.
There was a rumor floating around that if he were indeed some bigwig in a Saudi oil company, the wealth at his fingertips would be immeasurable.
People who dealt with diamonds and oil were among the richest on the planet. Their wealth was beyond the imagination of ordinary folks. Brielle felt a sudden rush of curiosity.
"But I heard his face was deformed from birth, so he's always wearing a mask. There isn't a single photo of him in all of Saudi Arabia."
"If the Lynch and Dorsey families cross paths here, will anyone bring up their century-old feud? The newspapers had a field day back then, but after all these years and so many changes, I doubt anyone really cares anymore." "Someone once accidentally saw his face, and they were scared to death."
"How ugly could he be?"
The mask and the name King made everything click for Brielle, confirming that this was indeed the King she had met at Beaconsfield.
But what was his game? Why did he keep showing up around her?
Her thoughts were interrupted by a commotion outside. Someone was being welcomed in.
Brielle's eyes narrowed, her lips pressed tightly together.
The man walking in with King was someone she recognized: the CEO of Hartley Group, whom she had hit it off with at an auction dinner abroad when she attended with Max.
King stood beside him, instantly drawing a lot of attention.
Brielle had found it odd that her brother had insisted on coming here tonight.
Even though Oscar's dinner was indeed packed with high-profile figures, it was unusual for Dustin to attend personally.
Now, with Flynn, the head of Hartley Group, showing up, it was clear this evening was meant for the crème de la crème.
Brielle stayed quiet, but King spotted her and raised his glass in a silent toast.
Flynn noticed her too. Their chat at the auction dinner had left a strong impression on him, especially since her exotic looks were truly captivating. Hearing she was the long-lost daughter of the Lynch family, he approached her. "Ms. Brielle, fancy seeing you here again."
Brielle smiled politely and shook his hand, "I never thought our next meeting would be under such circumstances."
Flynn, as charming as ever with his blonde hair gleaming, congratulated her.
He withdrew his hand, and King, standing beside him, naturally extended his own towards Brielle.
Brielle didn't take it. The last time
she saw King was at the Premier Palace, but she wasn't sure if it had been a hallucination or reality, so she wasn't sure if King had survived that explosion. en FindNovel
Now, seeing him alive and well, did that mean there was a chance Max had survived too?
Brielle clenched her glass, her cheeks flushing with excitement.
Flynn, oblivious to the tension
between them, was called away by other associates, hinting at a good rapport between him and King. 
Brielle and King stood there, drawing more and more attention.
Many had come tonight hoping to partner with this mysterious oil tycoon from Saudi Arabia.
She had learned from her brother about the fire's cause- orchestrated by the Dorsey family.
And if King's surname was indeed Howe, did that mean he had orchestrated the fire, aiming to kill her and Max? Brielle's expression turned cold, her lips tight.
"I never expected you to be alive."
Her tone was indifferent, reverting to her usual composed self after a moment.
"Yes, but Max is gone," King said, taking a glass of red wine from a passing tray and sniffing it lightly.
"Seeing me alive, do you secretly hope Max might have survived too?"
Brielle's heart skipped a beat. She could stay calm about everything else but the mere mention of Max exposed her deep pain. 
King might have expected her sorrow to bring him some twisted satisfaction, but it didn't.
Her grief was for Max, and her eyes reddened at the mere mention of his name.
###Chapter 1005
Why Max? What's so great about him?
A fool who doesn't even know how to hold on to the person he likes. How is he better than me?
King just couldn't wrap his head around it.
"Give it up. I won't let him live."
"So, you started that wildfire, didn't you? You killed him?"
Brielle's composure finally cracked, but she remembered they were at a party, so she just stared daggers at the man.
King took a sip of his red wine, his voice dripping with ice.
"As long as I'm alive, he has to die."
Brielle took a deep breath. After that wildfire, King seemed even darker than before.
Yeah, darker.
His gaze was complicated, filled with both love and hate.
But Brielle couldn't recall any interaction she'd had with him.
So, where did his love and hate come from?
She lifted her hand, about to remove his mask.
People around them, who had been watching, gasped.
Those who knew the mask knew that King despised anyone touching it.
Touch that mask and you're as good as dead.
Yet, Brielle's fingertips brushed it lightly.
But then he spoke, "Have you considered that you might not be able to handle the truth if you lift it?"
He didn't seem to stop her.
No resistance, no refusal, the darkness in his eyes gathering like a storm.
But that storm wasn't aimed at Brielle, yet she still felt a deep sense of dread.
Her fingertips pulled back, and she took a deep breath, not wanting to make a scene, especially under the Lynch family name.
She didn't want to wait for her
brother any longer, nor did she want to be in the same space as this man. She beaded straight for the door.
If she ever got the chance, she'd make King pay! Until then, she had to keep her cool.
The Lynch family's car was still waiting for her outside. She called Dustin to say she wanted to leave early. Dustin agreed, saying he'd be right back after calming down their grandmother. en FindNovel
Brielle smiled, then felt a tinge of bitterness.
Her good mood was completely ruined by Alivia and King.
As she sat in the car, her mind couldn't stop racing.
If what she saw of King inside Premier Palace wasn't an illusion, then the King she saw at the bedroom door wasn't either.
One moment he was downstairs in the living room, and the next, when she panicked and tried to enter the bedroom, he appeared there too.
Her mind was a mess, and she rubbed her temples.
Looking up, she saw a kid sitting on a bench at the side of the street.
Her eyes widened, staring in disbelief.
"Stop the car."
The car halted, and she got out, instantly spotting the person sitting on the bench.
No adults were around him, just quietly sitting there, the streetlight casting a beautiful glow on his hair.
It was at this moment she
eeve
confirmed, it wasn't a trick of the eye
at the mall yesterday. There really was a kid who looked a lot lik
Max.
Her heart raced as if he was a wisp of smoke that would drift away the moment she spoke.
She approached gently, not daring to speak, just staring intensely.
The child was so well-behaved, sitting there, his gaze steady.
Such a beautiful child, how could his parents let him out alone?
"Hey there, we meet again."
Isaac heard the voice and slowly looked up.
In that moment of eye contact, Brielle's heart raced even more, her lips parted, words failing her.
She felt like she was seeing Max as a child.
###Chapter 1006
Isaac stood up and started walking away, his small figure slowly vanishing into the distance.
Brielle, feeling a surge of worry, quickly moved to follow him. After losing sight of him yesterday, she was determined to find out who this kid's parents were today. But just as she was about to set off, the driver and bodyguard jumped out of the car.
"Ms. Brielle, you really should head back. We can't risk anything happening to you," they insisted.
Not wanting to cause trouble, Brielle waved them off. "Don't worry, I'll be back soon. If my brother asks, just tell him I saw that kid I mentioned yesterday."
She had asked Dustin to look into it, knowing he'd understand her concern for the child. That way, these guys wouldn't get in trouble.
Despite their unease, they wanted to follow her. But Brielle, worried they might scare Isaac, firmly asked them to stay put.
She then quickly caught up with Isaac, who was walking with his eyes fixed on the ground, as if tracking something.
Trying to break the ice, she approached him gently. "What are you looking for? Maybe I can help."
The child turned and gave her a quick glance. Then, standing up straight, he rummaged through his pockets and pulled out a card, holding it out to her. Brielle was taken aback. What was he trying to do?
Moreover, the card he presented was a top-tier, unlimited credit card-not something a kid should be carrying around, let alone flashing in front of strangers. If Brielle had bad intentions, she'd see him as a walking goldmine. "Employment, daddy said, for services rendered."
Brielle's heart melted. "I don't need a reward. Let's go find it together. What did you lose?"
"My friend," Isaac said, pocketing the card and pointing ahead. "Friend, over there."
Yesterday, he had only spoken a few words, and she hadn't noticed anything odd. But after talking with him a bit more, she realized he might have slight communication issues. However, his eyes were bright and sharp. Brielle was instantly smitten, especially since his face reminded her so much of Max's. She couldn't help but be extra gentle with him.
If only he was Max's child, she wouldn't mind any possible deceit. Max had left nothing behind; the fire had wiped out every trace of him.
As they walked, Brielle asked softly, "How old is your friend?"
"The same age as me."
"Is it a boy or a girl?"
"Like me."
Brielle chuckled, picturing another boy around four or five, maybe a little buddy from the neighborhood.
They strolled for a while, with Isaac stopping occasionally to check the ground for footprints.
Reaching a park, Brielle saw him take a seat, likely tired from the walk.
She approached and offered, "Want me to carry you? It'll be faster."
"Daddy said no," he replied.
Respecting his wishes, Brielle backed off, noting how obedient he was to his father.
After a short rest, they continued walking, eventually arriving at a quieter park on the outskirts. Most people were probably at home, watching the big red carpet event on TV 
en FindNovel
"Friend, close," Isaac said in his sweet, earnest voice. "Alright, where should I look?"
"Alley, around the corner. Thank you, sister."
His words, though few, seemed to take effort.
Brielle quickly headed into the alley. "Is this the place?"
She barely finished her sentence when she froze. The alley did have something-but it wasn't a person. A sleek, powerful panther crouched in the shadows.
Under the dim light, its black form looked menacing, a creature capable of taking down several grown men in a heartbeat.
Brielle instinctively moved closer to
Isaac, her eyes fixed on the panther.
Had it escaped from a zoo? Or
wandered down from the nearby hills? Either way, it was dangerous. 
en FindNovel
"Kid, you need to get out of here."
Isaac, feeling the warmth of her protective stance, watched her back.
Then, in a heartbeat, the panther advanced and pounced.
Summoning courage she didn't know she had, Brielle pushed Isaac behind her and faced the beast head-on. The panther knocked her to the ground, its powerful paws pinning her shoulders as it let out a low growl. 
###Chapter 1007
Brielle wasn't scared, not even a little. Death didn't bother her; if it meant reuniting with Max, she'd welcome it. With closed eyes, she braced herself for the impending pain. But instead of agony, a cold voice pierced the silence. ""Noir, down."
The panther, which had pinned Brielle down, immediately obeyed, releasing her with a soft growl. Slowly, Brielle pushed herself up from the ground and spotted a man not too far away. He still wore that mask, exuding an aura of coldness, yet there was a vulnerability about him now.
Earlier at the party, she had only noticed his commanding presence, but here, away from the bright lights, she could see he was hurt. She and Aubree were lucky to escape without a scratch, unharmed by the fire. But King, from where he had been, must have been seriously injured. Perhaps his face had borne the brunt of it.
Noir, the panther, circled Brielle before obediently heading over to Isaac. Isaac reached out and patted its head gently. "Good girl, Noir."
So, the 'friend' Isaac had mentioned was this panther. In his presence, the fierce creature turned into a gentle kitten, nuzzling his cheek affectionately. Isaac's smile was full of warmth as he looked up and asked, "Dad, what are you doing here?" Dad?
Brielle stiffened, sitting on the ground, unable to believe what she was hearing. King, visibly struggling with his injuries, coughed before replying, "You can't wander off like that again. Everyone's been looking for you."
"I'm sorry I didn't get you a ring, Dad."
Brielle's body turned cold, her mind reeling. Approaching Isaac, King ruffled his hair and said, "Now that we've found you, let's go back. We can't let Noir out again, or she might end up as dinner, got it?" 
Isaac hugged Noir tightly, eyes wide, "Friends aren't for eating."
Noir seemed to understand, letting out a sad whimper as if protesting. King's tone softened, "If you disobey and cause trouble again, that might happen."
Noir's next cry sounded more like a
plea for understanding. Brielle watched silently, her fingers digging into the earth until they bled, a testament to her inner turmoil. Isaac, protective of Noir, noticed Brielle still sitting on the ground and rémarked, "The ground's cold." 
Without a word, Brielle stood up, her voice rough, her fingers trembling, "King, why-"
Her heart raced. Why did King have a child who looked exactly like Max? It was madness. The world seemed utterly insane. Was King related to Max? A twin, maybe? Her head throbbed with questions.
Digging her nails deeper into the earth, Brielle felt no pain, even as her nails cracked. King noticed and, with a soft sigh, said, "Brielle."
He crouched down to her level. "All you think about is Max. You've completely forgotten me. That's really cruel."
Brielle sat frozen, confused by his
words. But King stood up, likely
burdened by his injuries. After speaking, he went over to Isaac, lifting him into his arms. Noir, ` graceful as ever, swished its tail by their side. 
Brielle's mind was a whirlwind as she watched them walk away. She tried to follow but found herself drained of strength. It was as if she was lost in a mist, everything around her obscured and unreachable.
###Chapter 1008
The pain in her hand surged, and she lifted it to inspect her palm-a mess, fingertips smeared with blood.
In the next moment, her gaze shifted to the tall wall nearby, where a man sat, unnoticed until now. His face was hidden behind a mask. He leaped from the wall and approached her swiftly. "King?"
"Does it hurt?" The voice was unmistakably King's.
But how? King had just left. How did he reappear so suddenly?
In a flash, Brielle's senses snapped back. It dawned on her; there had always been two Kings. One was the real deal, the other a stand-in.
Facing the masked man, Brielle stayed silent, her mind racing. She thought back to that night at the Premier Palace, the night she thought was a dream. She'd seen King on the ground floor, and then, upon reaching the second floor's bedroom door, she saw him again. She never imagined there could be two Kings, bound together for some reason, mirroring each other in every move, even their voices indistinguishable. Not just their voices, but their demeanor towards her was strikingly similar.
But who were they, really?
Brielle lowered her eyes, withdrawing her hand. She didn't care whether this person was the stand-in or the real deal. She had questions that needed answers, and a hunch pushing her forward.
Rising, she headed for the alley's exit. King remained where he was, making no move to follow.
Limping, Brielle's panic during the encounter had cost her a shoe. After all, she had been dressed for a banquet that night. Now, her gown was soiled, and her high heel was broken. It felt like she was Cinderella, post-midnight, returning from the prince's ball, leaving her crystal slipper behind in the alley to be found by the prince.
King, standing still, saw the damaged high heel. He knelt on one knee, cradled the shoe in his palm, and gently kissed its tip.
"How could he call you cruel?" he murmured. "When you're so endearing."
Brielle, holding up her dress, decided to discard the other shoe as well and retraced her steps. She had to investigate something! Her excitement was palpable; she was eager to return to the villa. Meanwhile, Isaac, cradled in a man's arms, quietly circled the man's neck.
"Daddy, she's beautiful. From Australia."
The man paused, looking down. "Do you like her?"
Sensing the chill emanating from the man, Isaac hurriedly shook his head. "Only like Daddy."
The man sighed in relief, holding him
tight. "I've told you, women are
trouble. Don't talk too much with them, espécially those from
Australia." His words bore a gritted
resentment. "Masters of deception."
Isaac, somewhat confused, looked up and then slowly nodded. He felt the grip tighten, as if fearing he'd leave, just as Mommy had left them behind.
Brielle limped back to Dustin's villa.
е
Λ
Her delay meant Dustin arrived just as she finished showering and changing Still in his exquisite suit, he was advising someone on the phone against rash actions. Unbuttoning a few buttons at the neck, he seemed uncomfortable. Spotting Brielle, he ende the call. 
"Enjoyed your evening?"
Indeed, Brielle felt unusually upbeat, visibly excited. "Brother, did you look into that matter about the kid I asked?"
Dustin had initially dismissed the possibility of another child resembling Max, attributing it to Brielle's longing. He'd placated her, claiming his people were on it. Now pressed again, he continued the charade. "It's being looked into."
Stalling seemed the best option, hoping to give her space to heal.
"Brother, there's something else." This time, Brielle's tone turned serious. "Have you investigated King from the Beaconsfield casino?"
Indeed, Dustin had, in collaboration
with members of the Riddle family.
The Lynch family's influence in Beaconsfield intertwined with the Riddles. Their joint investigation, however, yielded no concrete identity for King. He seemed to have emerged out of nowhere,
noel.ne
establishing significant connections. The casino's daily revenue remained a mystery, but given its booming business, King's wealth rivaling nations seemed plausible. 
Yet, when it came to riches, the Lynch family never backed down.
###Chapter 1009
He and the folks from the Riddle family were convinced that King could be someone from Beaconsfield. After all, the guy always wore a mask, so he could be anyone.
But their investigation had hit a dead end. They had scrutinized every possible suspect during all conceivable timelines, and every time, King had shown up even when those suspects were accounted for, quashing any doubts. So, if King wasn't a Beaconsfield local, who could he be? And having such vile intentions toward his sister, no less.
He hadn't given up chasing after King. But ever since that explosion, it was like King had vanished into thin air.
He was sure, though, King hadn't met his end.
His unexpected appearance at tonight's dinner party threw him for a loop.
The Lynch family hosted the dinner, and every move got reported to Dustin. By the time Dustin got back to the party, the man had vanished, as fleeting as a summer storm.
But that mask was unmistakable. It was King.
And if King was alive, maybe Max was too?
The Dorsey family's mansion had its secrets, didn't it? If someone jumped off the nearby cliff, might there be a sliver of hope for survival?
But Dustin kept this secret from Brielle, fearing to raise her hopes only to dash them again.
She had already faced despair once. Giving her hope and then snatching it away would be far crueler than enduring despair tenfold.
Dustin recounted everything he had discovered about King, emphasizing, "To this day, no one has unraveled his identity. It's unexpected but seems linked to something over in Saudi, yet who he could be among Beaconsfield's own, neither I nor the Riddle family have figured out."
"Bro, King might be two people."
Her words hit him like a bolt of lightning.
Dustin's eyelashes fluttered heavily before he looked up. "How did you come to think this?"
Brielle shared what she had witnessed at the Premier Palace and again tonight, her hands starting to tremble.
"Bro, I have a theory, but I'm scared
to delve into it. I fear the
disappointment. Could you
investigate for me? That child, he looks exactly like Max. King, or Kings have appeared around me, almost as if they don't intend to hide from me. Yet, they harbor great hostility towards Max. I know it sounds crazy, but what if?" 
Dustin's eyes swirled with a storm of emotions, ending with him massaging his forehead.
"So, that's it," he murmured, realization dawning. No wonder King always seemed one step ahead. If King had been two people from the start, then one could have been a decoy perfectly concealing the other's movements in Beaconsfield. This meant anyone in Beaconsfield could be him. 
Dustin's determination reignited. "Little Y, don't worry. I'll have someone look into it right away."
Brielle nodded, her fingers trembling uncontrollably the more she considered it.
"Bro, start with that child's address. He was spotted at the mall yesterday and at tonight's event. It's the Lynch family's mall; they should have surveillance footage."
As she spoke, she fought to steady her shaking hands.
Dustin quickly patted her back, "Breathe in, breathe out. Don't panic. I'll call to have the surveillance pulled up immediately."
Sitting on the couch, Brielle was a bundle of suppressed excitement. But soon, guilt washed over her face.
"Bro, I'm sorry. I know the Lynch family has a lot on their plate, and you've dropped everything to be here with me. Now, I'm asking you to divert your attention to investigate something else. Mom is still undercover, and I really am sorry." Dustin knew how fragile Brielle had been, almost as if a single touch could shatter her. He had been cautious not to raise his voice around her.
But now, seeing a glimmer of hope
in her eyes, something he hadn't seen in a long time, he reassured her, "Don't say that. The Lynch family isn't so fragile. Even if I have to divert some resources to help you investigate, it's no big deal. Dad and I are indeed busy rooting out a mole. The adversary is cunning. You know the Lynch family's butler? He's been with us for many years, watched dad grow up. I've got my suspicions about him, but the old coot's cautious, and grandma still
considers him a friend. Without solid evidence, my hands are tied. Now that your identity is out, those
lurking in the shadows will make
their move. I'm more worried about
you." 
Dustin was adept. If such matters had befallen another influential family, the wool might have been pulled over their eyes for years, leaving them clueless.
But Dustin was quick on the uptake, hindered only by the butler's special status and the lack of concrete evidence.
The deeper he dug, the more he felt as if the world he knew was cracking open, revealing a monstrous reality beneath.
But for those who dared hurt his sister, once he had the evidence, their days were numbered.
###Chapter 1010
"Bro, I'll get through this."
Brielle had regained her strength, her face glowing with determination.
"Until I uncover the truth, I won't let myself fall apart again. Plus, Max left me a number; he probably has some secret connections."
Brielle was genuinely bouncing back. She knew she had to dive into the investigation without delay. The Lynch family had showered her with so much care; it was time she took on some responsibilities.
Her brother had been searching for her for years, pulling every string he could. Now that she was back, she couldn't be a burden any longer. The weight shouldn't just fall on his shoulders. After all, she was Brielle.
Dustin watched her transformation, a satisfied smile creeping onto his face.
"Get some good sleep tonight. Aubree and Keiran might stick around for a couple more days before they leave. Maybe you can catch up with friends. Your recent state had us all worried, especially Aubree. She was practically whispering on the phone." Brielle lowered her lashes. "I understand."
She headed upstairs to rest.
Dustin watched her ascend, his heart finally settling down.
He quickly dialed Raymond, who, despite his tough exterior, seemed jittery and paced back and forth.
"Are you sure? She's okay? So, can I come see her now? Lil' J, you've been keeping me at bay. Be honest, are you trying to hog your sister all to yourself?"
Dustin rubbed his temple, a slight frown on his forehead.
"Dad, she might not be ready to face you yet. Maybe start with sending her some gifts, cheer her up. Let's take it slow on the meeting."
"But your grandma already went to see her, didn't she?"
Raymond sounded almost whiny, a sight that would astonish anyone familiar with his usual stern demeanor.
"Dad, you can visit, but remember how you only managed to get her ring discounted before?"
That silenced Raymond instantly.
"That ring was part of her and Max's matching set. Now that Max is gone, and she revisited that counter, do you think she'll remember you only got a discount?"
Dustin's logic was a bit off since Raymond hadn't known she was his daughter at the time. Given the first impression, getting a discount was already a big gesture. But the Lynch family's affection for Brielle knew no bounds; they wanted to give her the world.
Raymond was filled with regret and agreed to hold off on the visit.
Dustin chuckled after hanging up. It wasn't that he genuinely wanted to prevent the meeting, but he knew his sister well. She was just starting to regain her spirit, largely driven by Max. Dwas best to let her momentum carry her through her desires, while their father had other crucial roles to play within the Lynch family. 
That night, Brielle slept soundly.
The next morning, Aubree called her, suggesting they meet up.
Aubree had been anxious before extending the invitation, fearing she'd find Brielle even more diminished.
But when Brielle showed up, Aubree's eyes widened, then she couldn't help but envelop her in a hug, her eyes brimming with tears.
Aubree had been tormented by the
vision of Brielle's departure, her heart aching at the thought. Now that Brielle was back and looking better, Aubree's excitement was palpable. 
"Bri!"
After hugging her, Aubree stomped her feet in relief.
"You haven't lost more weight. I'm so relieved. I was looking for you last night, but the venue was massive. I heard you left early."
Indeed, the venue for last night's
gala was sprawling, and without any noteworthy reputation, Aubree found it challenging to inquire about Brielle, wandering aimlessly until she discovered Brielle had already left. Then, the North American ?irèles and Beaconsfield erupted with discussions about Brielle's identity. 
Aubree remembered Alivia, the instigator, her face darkening with anger.
"That witch Alivia! I can't believe she had the nerve to show her face in North America. But after last night, she'll probably struggle to fit in anywhere."
Mistaking someone else for Desiree's grandma and thinking she was the long-lost granddaughter, only to turn out to be a caregiver, was a massive embarrassment. Aubree, hiding behind her sunglasses, recounted Alivia's debacle with animated flair.
###Chapter 1011
Brielle couldn't help but get caught up in Aubree's infectious laughter, joining in with a chuckle of her own.
Aubree was in town for work, with only the mornings free to explore before she had to join her magazine crew for a photoshoot. Today, she was incognito, wearing sunglasses and a mask. After all, having strutted down the Oscars red carpet, she was a familiar face even abroad.
Standing beside her, Brielle felt a bit surreal. Her best friend had truly become an international star.
"So, how are things with Andrew?" Brielle asked.
Aubree was the one Andrew had heroically carried out of a burning building. Brielle had heard that Aubree had initially wanted to dash into the flames herself, but it was Andrew who ended up going in.
Brielle never denied that, when it came to relationships, Andrew was far from perfect. But his intentions towards Max were beyond reproach. That didn't mean she was going to encourage Aubree to forgive him, though. The hurt Aubree had suffered wasn't something even a life-saving act could easily erase. But Brielle was curious if there was even a hint of wavering in Aubree's resolve.
The smile vanished from Aubree's face as they stopped outside a Hermes store. "It's the same, Bri. I just can't stand having a man sleep beside me," Aubree said, her tone light. She picked up a purse nearby and slung it over her shoulder, twirling around.
"That night, when I wanted to run into the burning building, I realized I wasn't afraid of dying. I felt like a rotting peach, still fragrant on the outside but decayed within, down to the very core."
Brielle picked up a bag as well, feeling grateful that Aubree could now talk openly about these things instead of bearing them alone. Aubree seemed genuinely at ease, browsing through several bags and liking quite a few.
"It's not that I feel dirty," she continued. "It's more like I'm missing something, like a passion for the opposite sex, or a zest for life. But I do love acting. I enjoy portraying anyone except myself."
It meant she could love every character she played but not herself. She couldn't quite pinpoint this emotion, a sign she had yet to reconcile with her past.
Andrew had rushed into the fire to save Brielle, which moved Aubree, but that was it. She felt it wasn't a big deal, reasoning that if something had happened to Andrew's family she would have done the same. It made her realize that she loved Andrew more than he could ever love her back. Over the years, she had given much more than she received. 
Brielle decided not to pursue the topic of Andrew any further. Close as they were, she didn't want to meddle in Aubree's relationship with him.
After shopping, Aubree was called away by her magazine crew, and Brielle decided to stay out a bit longer.
Unbeknownst to her, the coffee shop where they had just been had a customer who bought the cup she used for a hefty sum. While the staff found it shocking, they went ahead and sold it.
The man, wearing a mask, carefully
placed the cup in his collection
room, filled with items related to Brielle. Last night's shoe was encased in glass in the center of the room, topped with a tiny crown. He added the new cup to his wall, his gaze filled with obsession.
One day, he believed, they would be together. He had found the princess's glass slipper and would soon find an opportunity to bring the princess home.
The door opened, and a flash of menace crossed his eyes. "Get out."
"Ha, seems like you, the stand-in, have gotten too immersed. It's your boss who's obsessed with Brielle, not you, Have you confused your feelings for her? Maybe when you hypnotized Brielle, you hypnotized yourself too? That would be a failure." 
""Get lost."
"Insulting me won't help. You only dare fantasize about her from the shadows. Better hide those feelings well. If your boss finds out, with his methods, you won't have a bone left." The room quickly returned to silence. The man left, leaving behind his unrequited love shrouded in the shadows.
###Chapter 1012
Brielle needed a break from her daily grind, and after some time off, she felt a lot more at ease. Her last stop was at DreamTech Designs, where she bumped into Patrick.
Patrick, as dedicated as ever since their days in Beaconsfield, seemed even quieter now.
Max's departure had left a mark on many.
"Ms. Brielle."
Patrick greeted her respectfully, as always.
"Just dropping by, didn't mean to interrupt."
He nodded and turned to get back to work, but Brielle stopped him.
"That number Max left behind, do you know anything about his underground connections?"
Patrick nodded first, then hesitated.
"As the CEO's assistant, I've handled loads of paperwork over the years. Sometimes, I didn't even realize some documents were for DreamTech Designs. So, regarding his secret dealings, I only had a vague idea that he was a force to be reckoned with. He never seemed to worry about the Dorsey family, but I'm not exactly in the know about the details."
"Patrick, did Max ever just disappear suddenly and then show up after a while?"
"Ms. Brielle, that was pretty standard for him. As his assistant, it was my job to manage Dorsey International and Dream Tech Designs when he was gone. Where he went wasn't my business."
Brielle felt more confident in her hunch, her eyes lighting up.
"I remember, back when he was with the Dorsey family, didn't he used to see a psychologist and a psychiatrist as a kid?"
"Yes, Ms. Martha always hoped he could feel emotions like any other child. So, when she noticed something was off, she consulted numerous professionals for him. Back then, almost every notable doctor in Beaconsfield visited the Dorsey family. However, his grandfather put a stop to it once he realized that despite his silence, Max had an extraordinary talent for business."
"Got it, thanks."
Brielle was even more excited, her eyes shining with determination.
Seeing her newfound energy, Patrick felt a bit relieved.
"Ms. Brielle, we should all look ahead."
But as he said this, his voice cracked a bit, and he quickly turned away, "I should get back to work."
Brielle wasn't sure what to say. Max had that kind of impact; his presence made people care and admire him quickly. With him gone, it felt like a light had been snuffed out.
After leaving, Brielle found herself staring blankly at the sky for a while.
When she got back to the mansion, the surveillance footage regarding the child had arrived, and they had also discovered where the child was living. 
Interestingly, the mansion had only recently been occupied, having stood empty before. And the move-in date was just a month ago, coinciding with Brielle's arrival in North America. Seeing the clear surveillance footage, Brielle was puzzled.
King was powerful, having played everyone in Beaconsfield and even possibly hindered the Lynch family from finding her. Why would he leave such obvious surveillance unless he wanted her to find the child's residence? 
But why?
What connection did she have with him?
Without further delay, Brielle drove to the mansion's gate in the afternoon.
A pair of towering iron gates stood at the entrance, seemingly impenetrable without an invitation from the host.
She parked her car, bored and aimless, until another vehicle approached, heading into the mansion.
As the car window rolled down, a beautiful woman appeared.
Noticing other cars parked nearby, she paused briefly.
Yet, undeterred, she signaled to the security guard, familiar with the premises. The guard, recognizing her, promptly opened the gate.
Suddenly, Brielle felt a pang in her
al
head and rested it on the steering wheel to recover. Once she felt better, she looked up at the mansion, realizing she couldn't get in this way and would have to find another entrance. 
Meanwhile, inside the mansion, King sat on a couch, watching the black car on the surveillance monitor.
Setting his glass on the floor, the door behind him opened.
"Daddy, the ring, it's gone."
"Who told you to go buy that ring?"
"Finger needs one."
The man's tone softened.
"That wasn't my ring. If it's broken, it's broken."
"Daddy will be sad, cry."
###Chapter 1013
Brielle got back to her mansion and immediately called Ramey.
When she had arrived in North America, Ramey hadn't come along. Her situation back then was beyond what a hypnotist could handle; no one dared to take on the task.
Only after receiving Brielle's call did Ramey learn that she was now able to communicate normally with others, which seemed incredible to him. Hadn't it just been a little over a month? "Ramey, I need to talk to you about something. Can you come to the Lynch family estate?" Brielle asked.
Ramey wouldn't dream of refusing. After all, it was Max's request that had brought him to Beaconsfield in the first place. Now, with Max gone and Brielle seemingly out of the picture, despite knowing Max had been well compensated, Ramey was aware that Brielle wasn't short on funds.
"Sure, I know the place. I'll catch a flight tonight," Ramey replied, his voice carrying a mix of surprise and curiosity.
At that moment, Ramey was out and about, enjoying his own little adventures, but ever since the news of Brielle being the Lynch family heiress had spread like wildfire online, the local media was abuzz.
The happiest bunch had to be the folks at Stellar Stage Entertainment. With Max's DreamTech Designs as their backbone and now the president being the little princess of Infinity Brilliance, it felt like the stars were aligning in favor of Stellar Stage Entertainment. The company's stocks had skyrocketed over the past few days.
The top executives at Stellar Stage Entertainment, some recruited by Brielle and others who had turned over a new leaf, seemed to walk with an extra spring in their step these days.
How could they not? With a backing like Stellar Stage Entertainment now had, they were on cloud nine.
Not to mention, Keiran's movie was already creating a buzz. Riding on this momentum, Stellar Stage Entertainment had received a plethora of scripts, giving a massive boost to their rising stars.
Before Brielle's arrival, it felt like they were all wandering in the dark. But with her here, each day seemed brighter than the last.
The artists were brimming with optimism, their futures looking as dazzling as a garden in full bloom. And indeed, that was the reality. However, not everyone was basking in the glow of prosperity.
The news of Brielle's lineage had been the talk of the town for hours, leaving Victoria feeling as if her brain couldn't quite grasp the twist. She lived in her villa, surrounded by a mess of clothes, food, and whatnot.
Ever since William's death, her mental state had been deteriorating, her mind rusting and jamming up.
Lately, Everett hadn't been home, and Victoria couldn't reach him by phone.
If this were the past, she would've stormed over to the Dorsey family estate, causing a scene until Michael called Everett himself, who wouldn't dare ignore it and would rush back home. 
Over the years, this had been her way of keeping him tethered to her.
But now, with the Dorsey family fallen from grace and her brother-in-law taking over, Victoria feared he wouldn't support her like her father-in-law did. So, she had always spoken highly of him in front of William, hoping to keep Everett close. 
Yet, no sooner had her brother-in-law taken over than he passed away suddenly, leaving Victoria to pin her hopes on Antonio.
To her, it didn't matter who was the CEO of Dorsey International. All she wanted was Everett.
But Antonio's tenure lasted only a day, turning into a colossal joke.
Victoria didn't know whom to turn anymore. Michael had become.
delusional, reportedly ramblingel.neo
nonsensically in a hospital 
"I destroyed the Dorsey family. How could it be me who destroyed the Dorsey family?"
"I should have believed Max."
"This is my biggest regret in life."
Just yesterday, Victoria had tried to plead with her father to call Everett.
But her father was lost in his own world of regrets, unreachable.
Disappointed and seething, Victoria blamed her father, even though she had forgotten her own initial disdain for Brielle.
###Chapter 1014
Victoria was always the most selfish one in the Dorsey family. Sure, Michael was sneaky and underhanded, but at least he kept the family afloat back in the day. And when it came to his only daughter, he pretty much spoiled her rotten. Even though Michael didn't think much of girls, he let Victoria have a lot of freedom. That's probably why, once she set her sights on Everett, she chased him everywhere, leading to that mess later on.
Victoria was sprawled on the couch when she heard the front door creak open. Her eyes flicked around, and she jumped up, shoving all her dirty clothes under the couch.
The maids had quit a week ago because they couldn't handle her constant nitpicking.
It had to be Everett coming back. She was sure he still had feelings for her. I mean, even a cat or dog gets attached after so many years, right? So, how could he not?
Everett, looking sharp in his suit, stood at the entrance. Compared to Victoria's worn-out look, he seemed like a brand-new man. He walked in with a certain energy, heading straight upstairs.
He was here to pack. He'd been paying investigators to track down his first love and their child, but the Dorseys had always blocked him. Now that the family had fallen, he had found out his child was alive and doing well. A son, and a successful one at that. But his first love had died young, a regret he would carry forever. Still, he was determined to meet his son.
"Everett, you came back to see me!" Victoria exclaimed, rushing to hug him.
Everett had always tolerated her before, like dealing with something unpleasant but unavoidable. This time, he shoved her away without hesitation.
The disgust in his eyes was unmistakable, like he wanted to burn a hole through her with his stare.
"Victoria, after all these years, I finally get to say what I've always wanted to."
He chuckled, pulling out a suitcase and starting to pack. Victoria watched him obsessively. "What do you want to say?" she asked, a mix of curiosity and desperation in her voice.
Everett didn't have much, but among his things were a few gifts from his first love, locked away for years by the Dorsey patriarch to control him. The humiliation of being blackmailed had always infuria him. 
He grabbed a chair and smashed the suitcase open, revealing tokens of love and letters from his first love, filled with affection.
He gently placed the letters and a handmade puppy toy into his suitcase. Seeing this, Victoria lost it and lunged at him.
Everett grabbed her by the hair and dragged her out, ignoring her struggles.
"What I want to say is, sleeping with you was utterly disgusting. Get lost!"
Victoria felt like her scalp was being torn off, and then the door slammed shut on her. She pounded on the door, sobbing, but Everett was too absorbed in the letters, his hands trembling. He was finally free from the Dorsey family!
Liberated at last!
Everett closed his suitcase and
opened the door to find Victoria still
there, crying her eyes out. She
looked pitiful, but Everett felt no pity. Beneath her frail exterior was a heart of pure malice and selfishness. 
He grabbed his suitcase and marched downstairs. Victoria, still sobbing, grabbed his arm.
"Everett, please stay. You're all I have now."
Everett shoved her away, his face twisted with contempt.
"For years, being part of your family, I had to report even the smallest friendships. I couldn't even visit my parents, who probably think I'm dead. Victoria, your family's downfall is well deserved. Every year, I prayed for your misery to deepen. And this month, my prayers were answered: Ryan exiled, William and Antonio dead, Michael insane, and Brodie fled. The Dorsey family, without any backbone, is left with you, whose mind is only filled with thoughts of men. What can you do? Look outside and see how the world talks about your family." 
Everett's words were filled with years of pent-up hatred. He took a deep breath, a smile forming on his lips, and then, unexpectedly, he cried.
###Chapter 1015
Nobody could truly grasp what he was going through.
"Do you have any idea where I've been this past month? I went to see my parents. Back in the day, I was their golden boy, the pride of the family. We weren't from Beaconsfield, but we had a good life-never lacking anything. My parents poured their hearts and souls into me, making sure I shined. Whenever I performed internationally, my family would gather around the TV, and the whole neighborhood would celebrate my victories. But once I got mixed up with the Dorsey family, Michael cut off all my ties with them. It was only last month, when I visited my hometown, that I found out they had passed away. And I... I didn't even know. Nobody told me because I was forced to sever all connections with my past. Michael had someone tell my parents I was jailed for life.""
Everett felt the absurdity of it all wash over him.
"Overnight, admiration turned into scorn. My parents, once the pride of the community, became targets of ridicule. You know how cruel people can be online, right? My folks were simple, honest people; they couldn't handle that kind of hatred. My mother fell into depression first, and then my father... he hanged himself. Look at what your love has brought me, Victoria. I've never seen anything more repulsive than your love. The truth is, you love yourself more than anyone else. If you had truly loved me, you wouldn't have stood by and let my family suffer." "Victoria, you're disgusting, like a vile insect."
"Stay here and guard this grave for the rest of your life."
His face was calm again as he walked away with determination.
Victoria stood frozen, her cries of despair echoing.
"Everett!"
"Everett!"
"Come back!"
But he didn't look back, his mind made up.
Later that evening, Ramey was driving to the airport when he happened to see Everett.
Ramey didn't recognize him at first, but there was something familiar about him. After a moment, he tentatively reached out.
"Everett?"
Everett had transformed; the gloom was gone, his eyes now sparkled with life. With the Dorsey family's dark cloud lifting, he felt fearless.
Seeing the hand extended toward him, Everett hesitated for a moment before shaking it. Their paths had crossed briefly before, as it wasn't Ramey's first visit to Beaconsfield. A simple handshake, no words exchanged.
As the plane landed, Ramey couldn't help but glance back at Everett's departing figure. Ultimately, they were strangers, so he didn't dwell on it, instead hurrying off to where Brielle was.
Brielle had been waiting in the living.
room, having prepared tea in
advance. Ramey paused upon seeing her, somewhat disbelieving given their last conversation over the
phone compared to a month over
ago.
"Brielle?"
She looked up, pouring him a cup of tea.
"Ramey, you're here. I have something to ask you."
Ramey had always been kind to her, and he quickly took a seat.
"Go ahead, I promise to give you my full attention."
He intended to mention his promise to Max to cooperate with Brielle on everything but hesitated, fearing the mention of Max might upset her, so he skillfully changed the subject. "I want to know about your cousin, Myles."
Ramey gave a wry smile upon hearing the name.
"If it were anything else, maybe I could help, but I really don't know much about Myles. He's out of my league, and although I call him. cousin our relationship isn't that close just relatives by blood 
"A month ago, your cousin showed up at the Beaconsfield casino, then went to Premier Palace with me. The next day, he was gone, and nobody knew when he left. Do you remember that?"
Brielle remained composed, sipping from the cup on the table.
Of course, Ramey remembered; it was then that Brielle suddenly started seeing things.
"Yeah, I even regretted not staying over; maybe I could've convinced him to stay." "Ramey, look at this photo."
Brielle had Dustin retrieve surveillance from the banquet and obtained a high-resolution picture of King. The photo, now printed and in her hands, was cut into two-mask on one piece, body on the other. Before she could inquire, Ramey's curiosity was piqued. 
"Brielle, why do you have a photo of my cousin?"
###Chapter 1016
Despite suspecting it for a while, Brielle's fingers still twitched when Ramey finally asked her outright.
"You think that figure looks like your cousin, don't you?"
Ramey leaned back, picked up the photo, and studied it closely.
"Honestly, I haven't seen my cousin much, but his demeanor and physique are etched in my mind. My mom adored him-she'd show me clips of his award-winning speeches, urging me to emulate his eloquence and the way he carried himself. She idolized him so much that, as a naive kid, I secretly mimicked his walk."
For some people, even walking is an art form.
"But it's odd. My cousin wasn't always like that. I remember him having a bit of a slouch when he first came of age. Then, one day, he completely transformed and became my role model."
It was like he suddenly had this aura of authority.
If Ramey didn't know better, he might have thought his cousin had come from some influential family.
Brielle pieced together the information Ramey provided, her suspicions becoming clearer.
"Is it possible that your cousin was chosen by someone and groomed over the years to mimic another person entirely, from head to toe, even down to his hair? And since he's a hypnotist, he could hypnotize others and even implant suggestions in himself, right?" "Brielle, within our circle of hypnotists, that practice does exist. However, my cousin is among the elite. Self-suggestion is generally seen as a misstep, a taboo. We usually avoid it, and success is rare." "But it's not impossible?"
"Correct. If anyone could do it, it would be my cousin. Many see hypnotism as something mysterious, beyond the understanding of the average person. The hypnotists that laypeople can hire often don't believe in the craft themselves and dismiss it as mere persuasion or, more bluntly, marketing. My cousin reached the pinnacle because he not only loves but truly believes in the power of hypnotism, to the extent of deceiving himself. Hence, he could, inadvertently, implant other suggestions in himself, but I couldn't." Ramey admitted that he couldn't replicate his cousin's feats.
Brielle nodded, having gotten the information she wanted. She presented the other half of the cropped photo to Ramey.
"This man isn't your cousin. He's the owner of the Beaconsfield Casino and a major oil tycoon from Saudi Arabia."
Ramey furrowed his brows, skeptical.
As he had told Brielle, having tried to emulate his cousin, he was intimately familiar with him, down to the natural curl of his hair.
Yet, if Brielle insisted, there had to be a reason.
"Does your cousin have a girlfriend?"
"No, he's been devoted to
hypnotism. The only women he encounters are his patients. Like doctors, hypnotists must maintain professional boundaries, avoiding any personal entanglements with female patients. Otherwise, complaints could lead to
consequences, especial severe
in our
field, where we start from a position of authority. Any affection that
arises in such a context isn't genuine." 
Realizing Ramey's pure ded
Ramey's lengthy explanation, however, didn't clarify Brielle's intent for the day.
to hypnotism and his lack of involvement with any dubious
circles, Brielle decided not to drag an innocent into this affair. 
Ramey, sharp enough to sense Brielle's reluctance, didn't press further.
After he left, Brielle reflected on the photo.
Myles, chosen by King as a double, an elite hypnotist.
A perfect stand-in indeed.
No wonder she felt a resemblance between him and King upon their first encounter at the Beaconsfield Casino. Her preconceived notions had blinded her, making her dismiss the idea that King would allow anyone to see his true face so easily. 
Even after witnessing two Kings at the Premier Palace, she dared only speculate it was an illusion.
This dinner had reinforced her suspicion, prompting her immediate consultation with Ramey.
Unlike them, Ramey, unburdened by intricate theories or deep knowledge of Beaconsfield's affairs, wouldn't bear any preconceived biases.
As expected, Ramey recognized the figure as Myles at first glance.
###Chapter 1017
Brielle sunk into the couch, meticulously piecing together the clues she'd gathered so far. She glanced up at the ceiling, a dull ache settling behind her eyes.
If her suspicions were right, what on earth was King plotting? And what about that child? What was his deal?
She couldn't shake the feeling that the kid was the key, but there was nothing concrete to go on. He'd shown up in North America just a month ago, and before that, it was like he didn't exist. Who was the kid's mother?
Brielle was drowning in questions with nowhere near enough answers. For now, all she could do was wait and make another trip to that mansion.
She had this sneaking suspicion that King was letting her snoop around on purpose. It was like he didn't care if she uncovered his secrets, almost as if it would hurt her more than him. Apart from that gut feeling, Brielle was stumped.
As evening rolled in, she drove back to the mansion. When she passed by the security booth, she made sure to roll down her window so they'd see her clearly. Knowing King, he was probably checking the monitors earlier. He was all about control.
Sure enough, King had been watching, but now he was up and heading to the mansion's entrance. A car was waiting, and the driver respectfully opened the door for him.
Just as he was about to get in, he spotted Isaac on the second-floor balcony. Isaac, with wide and hopeful eyes, was clutching the iron railing, staring at him.
Isaac was still struggling to adapt to this place. Back at the castle, he didn't have to talk to anyone, but here, the servants were always trying to chat him up.
This mansion wasn't as vast as the castle, and Noir couldn't take him to the mountains anymore. Those trips used to last all afternoon, and by the time they got back, his dad would be fuming, threatening to cook Noir for dinner. With so many people around, and Noir often in trouble for leaving, Isaac felt even more isolated.
Now, Isaac gripped the railing, hoping his dad would bring him along. But he knew his dad didn't want him wandering off, always scared he'd vanish like his mom. 
en FindNovel
His dad wanted to keep him close, just like in the castle, where it was only the two of them. That way, his dad would never have to worry about losing him too.
His father just gave him a glance, not budging an inch.
"Get inside, don't stand out there," he said.
"Daddy, let's go out, together," Isaac pleaded.
But all he got was the sight of his dad's back as he climbed into the car. Isaac's heart sank, his angelic face clouded with a touch of sadness, enough to tug at anyone's heartstrings. en FindNovel
As the car drove away, his father caught a last look at him in the rearview mirror before turning away.
Isaac heard footsteps behind him and sighed.
"Noir, I'm sad. Hug?" he said.
The sleek panther approached gracefully and sat beside him, flicking its tail. Noir's tail had been trimmed into a heart shape, making the fierce animal look a tad more cuddly. 
Still, the folks in the mansion were wary of the panther. At the castle, it used to hunt on its own, but here, it was fed raw meat, and it had a picky appetite. Isaac reached up and gently patted the panther's head.
"Be good," he whispered.
###Chapter 1018
Brielle's car was still parked outside when she noticed another vehicle pulling out of the driveway. The windows were tinted dark, but she was almost certain it was King behind the wheel. Quickly, she started her car to follow him, curious about where he was heading. Tailgating wasn't exactly Brielle's strong suit. Any half-attentive driver could easily spot they were being followed and shake her off. But the car ahead maintained a leisurely pace, showing no signs of trying to lose her.
As she followed at a safe distance, her mind wandered back to the pieces of evidence she had been piecing together. The jewelry counter where she had seen the kid at the mall was the same place where she and Max had once shopped for rings. That kid must have been buying a ring as a gift, not for himself. And, coincidentally, it was the exact same design as the one on her finger.
Glancing down at her hand, she noticed the two rings she wore one for women and one for men, both perfectly matching her ring size. A honk from the car behind snapped her out of her thoughts, and she quickly refocused on tailing King's car.
Eventually, King's car stopped at a suburban mansion. Brielle watched as he got out and headed inside. Her car was so close to his that it was blatantly obvious she was tailing him. Yet, nobody seemed to care or stop her.
Stepping out of her car, Brielle approached the front gate, half-expecting to be stopped. The security guards acted as if they were blind, completely ignoring her presence. For a moment, she wondered if they were actually blind, until a soccer ball came flying toward them and one of the guards skillfully kicked it back, drawing a cheer from a nearby kid.
They weren't blind; they were just pretending not to see her. It reminded her of the time she had entered the casino-everyone turned a blind eye to her wandering into restricted areas.
Inside, before Brielle could even knock, she heard pleading voices followed by a gunshot echoing from within. Hesitating only for a moment, she cracked the door open.
King sat there, a sleek pistol in hand. It was clear he was the shooter. The lives of those around him seemed as insignificant as ants to him. But Brielle wasn't deterred by the gore. Instead, she stared intently at him, as if trying to see beyond the mask to the face underneath.
Soon, professionals arrived to drag the body away, and the bloodstains were quickly wiped clean. Brielle stood in the doorway, overhearing King's order to "clean up thoroughly."
Then, he rose and walked towards the door. Brielle stepped aside, blending into the background like a piece of furniture. But he and his bodyguards ignored her as they returned to their car, continuing to disregard her presence. Lagging a few meters behind, Brielle boldly followed them out. Once he drove away, she stood still, enveloped by the darkness, the bloodshed, and the indifference.
After a while, Brielle got back into her car, massaging her temples, when her phone rang. It was Dustin calling.
he
"Tonight, I'm taking you to the Lynch family estate. Remember the butler I mentioned before? You'll meet him. Since you arrived in North America, I've been keeping my dad from meeting you. In the Lynch family, has to play the role of not welcoming this daughter. Dad's always been good at hiding his feelings, and he hasn't let slip any desire to find his daughter; it's always been me and Mom who've been actively searching. So, he can perfectly play this role. But don't worry, he's eager to meet you. We just need to catch that fox, the butler, before making any moves." 
Brielle knew there was something off about the Lynch family's butler. But the butler, being in his seventies and having watched her father grow up, raised the question: had the Lynch family been infiltrated?
"Don't worry, little falcon," Dustin
reassured her "I've got your back. Ever since I took over the Lynch family operations, I've replaced all of Dad's old guards with my own people. The butler's influence had indeed infiltrated his ranks because, in my dad's eyes, the butler was almost like a father figure, We just need the evidence to understand why he's been lurking in the Lynch family for so long." 
Brielle wasn't concerned. She had been thwarted by these people for so long, and yet, here she was, finally returning to the Lynch family fold.
###Chapter 1019
Brielle decided she didn't need to follow King anymore. The mystery that had been gnawing at her seemed solvable now, if only she had the courage to lift that mask. But she was too scared. If it turned out to be who she thought, then what about the kid?
The child who looked so much like Max-whose kid was he?
The thought of the child brought back the painful memory of her miscarriage, their baby that never came to be, while another's child had already grown so much.
Even if it wasn't Max's fault and he might not even know about the child, it still hurt like hell.
Lost in her thoughts, Brielle was snapped back to reality when a car suddenly appeared in front of her. She slammed the brakes, but it was too late; she rear-ended the vehicle, and it was her fault entirely. She stepped out and walked over to the other car, tapping on the window.
Instead of the window rolling down, a man who looked like an assistant stepped out to discuss the details of the accident with her.
After exchanging contact information and ready to leave, Brielle saw the car window finally roll down, revealing a face she knew all too well.
The ruggedness that had once defined him was gone. Now, with glasses and a clean-shaven face, he looked almost scholarly.
Frozen in place, Brielle felt a chill run down her spine.
The man adjusted his glasses and gave her a smile.
"Long time no see, Bri."
He used to call her 'Bri' in that same gentle tone.
But Brielle hadn't expected him to look so young. Back in Beaconsfield, he had seemed closer to sixty.
Now, sitting in a luxury car and with those glasses on, he looked no different from the elites in their circle, perhaps in his forties.
Brielle's fingers twitched as she let out a cold snicker.
"Yeah, Mark, long time no see. So this is what you really look like."
He must have been in disguise in Beaconsfield, going through great lengths.
But whatever his scheme, it had stayed hidden from her for years.
Lowering her gaze, she tried to keep her cool.
"Mark, you don't seem surprised to see me. Looks like you knew I'd returned to the Lynch family."
He removed his glasses and casually wiped them with a handkerchief.
"Well, I've always cared about you. Remember those winters at the orphanage when we didn't have enough food, and we'd knit gloves to sell? You were so small then, always
listened to everything ou
Those once fond memories now made her stomach churn.
Especially when this man, now wearing the face of an elite, casually brought them up, pretending to reminisce.
Her entire life had been nothing but a game to them.
"Really? It's been so long, I've forgotten."
Brielle's face was indifferent, as if
she truly couldn't recall. She
gestured towards her car, "Well
time for old tales. I've got plans
tonight, Mark. Take care." 
He chuckled, putting his glasses back on.
"Bri's all grown up, no longer the little kid who'd run back to the run back to the orphanage
Be Haywood family, t
her tears." Conte ge
Brielle clenched her fists, taking a deep breath, and turned away, biting back her anger.
"Mark's got jokes. People grow up, not everyone gets to age backwards like Mark."
Her words were a jab at his disguise in Beaconsfield, but he seemed unfazed.
And with that, Brielle walked away, getting back into her car.
###Chapter 1020
She was anything but calm. Earlier, Max had spilled the beans that Mark was not only a professor but also the son of the Lynch family's butler. This meant he was in cahoots with the butler. Her brother was still chasing shadows, trying to track down the elusive fox, with no one knowing which faction they belonged to. But right now, Brielle couldn't help but feel influenced by Mark.
During her days at the orphanage, Mark was like a rock for the kids, offering warmth amidst their struggles. Looking back now, the irony stung. She was merely a pawn in their game, manipulated to see how she'd survive the odds. They didn't even think she was worth
killing.
Yes, not even worth it.
This realization made Brielle furious, but she knew she couldn't lose her cool in front of this sly fox. The fact that he could stand there, glorifying their hardships, was enough to show he never really cared about their past at the orphanage. To him, it was all just a game.
From now on, there wouldn't be any Mark, only the professor.
Brielle composed herself and drove to the meeting spot with Dustin. They were about to head to the Lynch estate.
Dustin had been swamped lately, always on the phone, coordinating things. Brielle had overheard him mentioning he was looking for someone named Dummy.
Dustin seemed on edge whenever he talked about Dummy.
"Bro, how did Dummy end up so close to you?"
Dustin's grip on the steering wheel tightened as he rubbed his forehead.
"The Lynch family has made a lot of enemies. When you went missing, our parents were devastated, and things were rough. I was left to fend for myself, and Dummy just showed up in the alley nearby, keeping me company. Later, I invited him to join the family, but then there was this car fire, and we were both trapped inside. He protected me, suffering burns on his face and body."
Fire again.
Brielle thought back to the fire at the orphanage, her fists slowly clenching. It seemed like those behind her had a penchant for using fire.
She now suspected that the fire was meant to kill her, but when they saw her resilience, they found it amusing to watch her struggle against fate. So, she lived.
This realization made her feel trapped, as if no matter how much she struggled, she couldn't escape their grasp.
"After that, he became a shadow,
silent and just following my orders. I trusted him deeply, thinking that even if everyone else betrayed me Dummy wouldn't. After all, he had sacrificed his life for me. But now, it seems that was all just a ploy, a very successful one. Not only is he not mute, but he's also a renowned playwright in Beaconsfield." 
Dustin's eyes were full of bitterness.
"Of course, I have to find him. Anyone who betrays me doesn't get to live."
Brielle lowered her lashes, staying silent. She had told Kenzo Barnes once before, if they met again, they would be enemies. She wouldn't hesitate to aim her gun straight at his heart.
Dustin drove in silence to the Dorsey family's grand estate. As Brielle saw the towering iron gates, she straightened up, preparing for the battle ahead.
"Dad's always been stern to the
outside world. Taking care of mom
and staying out of the public eye,
he's perfect for the villain role, especially since everything I've done to find you has been out in the open." 
"Bro, don't worry, I won't hold it against him."
Dustin nodded and drove through the gates as they slowly opened.
Inside, Raymond sat with a newspaper, his posture impeccable. The butler, Seamus, watched his expression, then ordered someone to bring him a cup of coffee. "Raymond, it's natural for the young lady to be eager about going public right after being found."
Raymond's chilly demeanor seemed to grow colder, as if he was unwelcoming of his daughter's presence.
"Because of her, Shishi gave up so much. And then the hardships little Jed endured. Now she's been here for over a month and hasn't once visited the old mansion." In reality, it was his son who had forbidden him from seeing his daughter, fueling his current rage.
Seamus chuckled, wrinkles forming on his smiling face.
"But this young lady, she bears a striking resemblance to Annie. Didn't Annie have a paternity test done back then? She wasn't your child. Maybe this person..."
"Uncle Lin TM'm aware of all that. With
the Lynch family under so much scrutiny, we need to be cautious She better not be someone's spy. Even if Jed protects her, I won't
make her life easy." 
Old fox, it's all about acting. After so many years in this game, I refuse to believe I can't outplay you.
Raymond mused internally, his gaze casually drifting towards the entrance.
###Chapter 1021
The door swung open as a servant hurried forward to greet the returning young master with a shout.
"Master Raymond, you're back."
Raymond quickly shifted his attention back to the newspaper he was pretending to read.
The Lynch family's butler, Seamus, was a sprightly seventy-year-old who commanded the respect of all the household staff. After all, it was Seamus who had arranged everything for them when they first arrived at the mansion. Rumor had it that Seamus was an old acquaintance of the Lynch family patriarch, which earned him considerable respect, especially since the patriarch had passed away too soon.
Dustin nodded, raising his eyes to meet those of Raymond, who was lounging on the couch.
"Dad, have you found out anything about Mom?" His tone carried a hint of accusation as he personally fetched Brielle her shoes.
Brielle remained silent, her gaze resting on the eldest person present.
Seamus looked as sharp as ever, a testament to his shrewdness. He approached, first ensuring Dustin was unharmed, before addressing Brielle.
"Miss, it's good to see you back."
For some reason, Brielle couldn't shake off the feeling that Seamus might have had access to videos about her or even been manipulating her life from the shadows, sending shivers down her spine.
Yet, in Seamus's presence, she felt strangely confident, merely nodding at him before turning to Raymond.
Raymond had been eager to see her, but his son had insisted on him playing the tough guy, so he let out a cold huff.
"You're half an hour late. Come sit down, kiddo. I'm just as worried about your mom. I've sent a number of people out looking for her, and the lack of news is troubling."
Raymond's face darkened when he mentioned Sarah. His love for her was no secret. Ever since Sarah had become frail over her daughter's issues, Raymond had started grooming Dustin as his successor early on. Sarah had been consumed with finding her daughter, a mission she had entrusted to Dustin even before he was of age.
But with Sarah missing for over two months, her whereabouts remained a mystery.
As Raymond spoke of Sarah, he inadvertently neglected his daughter, who was visiting for the first time. This wasn't his intention, as he had discussed playing out this scenario with his son beforehand.
The family gathered at the dinner table, but Raymond didn't inquire about Brielle, focusing instead on discussing Sarah's disappearance with Dustin.
Perhaps the matter was indeed distressing him, for he eventually set his silverware down.
"I've lost my appetite. You all enjoy your meal."
His demeanor towards his daughter was unmistakably cold.
Dustin, knowing his father well, figured he must be struggling to maintain his facade and needed a moment alone.
Dustin had already ensured the mansion was secure, with surveillance cameras installed only in the main hall on the ground floor, leaving the rest of the house free from prying eyes.
As soon as Raymond excused himself, Seamus stepped in to mediate.
"Miss, don't take it to heart. Raymond's just struggling to adjust his emotions."
Brielle continued her meal quietly, smiling slightly at Seamus's words.
"I'm not upset."
Relieved, Seamus excused himself to prepare soup for her.
Turning his head, Dustin offered Brielle a few words of comfort. Just as Seamus returned with the soup, Dustin mentioned how his father's attitude had spoiled his appetite, suggesting they go out to eat instead. "Let's go say goodbye to Dad. I bet you're not keen on staying here tonight either."
"Brother, I'd rather not. I don't feel close to him, and it seems like he doesn't like me much either."
Her words, spoken with a cool detachment, were overheard by Seamus, who made a half-hearted attempt to stop them but ultimately watched them leave.
Once they were gone, Seamus stood at the door, his expression darkening.
He retreated to his room, a space filled with a computer and several hidden devices. Being the elder of the household, no one dared to intrude without knocking.
Recently, the informants he had
placed around Dustin had been
systematically removed, a testament to the young man's ruthlessness. However, Seamus was unfazed; years of scheming couldn't be undone by the actions of a youth he had watched grow up 
Logging onto a computer, he made contact with an associate.
"Ronald, King has arrived here too. Has the situation in Saudi been handled?"
An aged voice responded from the other side.
"More importantly, shouldn't we be investigating the relationship
between Isaac and Max? With their striking resemblance, could King actually be Max? After years of
planning, to have him eaet
our
nose, assuming this identity and playing the fool - doesn't that seem like a failure?" 
Seamus's expression turned awkward.
"Elder, I too was surprised by Isaac's appearance, but King is a figure of authority in Saudi. How could he possibly be Max? Max already has DreamTech Designs, and we've nearly mapped out all his covert
operations. If he can jung
Saudi on top of that, is he even human?" 
###Chapter 1022
Going up against the Saudi royals for oil is a death wish for any outsider, but somehow, King pulled it off. And if he's really Max, then when did he have the time to start Dream Tech Designs? It's just not possible-time-wise.
Still, Isaac looks strikingly like Max.
The voice on the other end grew heavier, sounding older and more weary.
"We can't afford any mistakes. Brielle's back with the Lynch family, and that's your screw-up. I'll handle the Saudi situation. Aside from Isaac, King listens to me. Don't let me down again. You were supposed to infiltrate the Lynch family, brainwash Dustin, turn him into your puppet, and take control of their shares. But you failed. If you had succeeded, Brielle wouldn't be alive now."
He had thought Seamus had Dustin-and thus the Lynch family-under his thumb.
Each member of the Lynch family is a force to be reckoned with, including Sarah, who ranks among the top ten most influential women globally. Her prowess outshines most in North America.
Raymond, a prodigy from a young age, has driven diamond prices sky-high with his bold reforms since taking over the family business. Seizing control of such a powerhouse isn't easy, hence the need to exploit their weaknesses. Sarah's pregnancy was their big chance.
She stepped back from the business world to focus on her pregnancy, even prompting Raymond to reduce his involvement in the company to mentor young Dustin, hinting at a future transfer of power.
Sarah was incredibly cautious about her pregnancy, so when she lost the baby in Beaconsfield, she was crushed.
This tragedy was a golden opportunity for Seamus and his backers, who had long sought a vulnerability in the Lynch family.
Trying to control Dustin, who hated being tied down and was a born optimist, was a tall order. The kid seemed capable of anything, making brainwashing a tough job.
But after Brielle disappeared, Sarah became reclusive and somewhat neglected Dustin's feelings.
That's when Seamus continued his brainwashing attempts, planting the idea that Dustin's parents didn't love him, only his sister, and that he was unnecessary. But, Seamus assured him, if Dustin took control of Infinity Brilliance, his parents would notice him. Seamus would always be there to help. 
During this time, Raymond and Sarah were too busy searching for their daughter to focus on Dustin, making him vulnerable. But Dustin wasn't easily duped, especially by Seamus. Turning Dustin into a puppet was a monumental task for Seamus.
Meanwhile, the competition in Saudi Arabia was fierce, with a royal member shockingly marrying a foreign woman as his queen.
The organization's goal was to secure diamonds from Infinity Brilliance and Saudi oil to control the global economy and the fates of smaller nations.
They had also taken over much of the medical sector, managing top medical talents and essentially dictating the future of global healthcare.
Ronald was their man in Saudi Arabia, having supported various women against the unexpectedly risen queen. The queen fell from grace and disappeared with her child.
Ronald had installed his puppet to control Saud oil, nearing the success of his long-standing plan. But a decade ago, the queen's son, long thought defeated and gone, appeared masked, toppling the existing power structure and taking control of the oil riches.
This twist was unforeseen by everyone, including Ronald, who had just arrived in North America, full of confidence, to coach Seamus on controlling Dustin and turning him into a compliant puppet. But upon landing, he was blindsided by the news from Saudi Arabia.
Overnight, his influence was erased by the son of a queen many had written off.
King's sudden rise ten years ago, taking firm control of the oil sector, leaving his forces to oversee Saudi Arabia, and then disappearing periodically, left everyone
questioning his where vel.ne
###Chapter 1023
A few years back, he showed up out of nowhere with a baby in his arms. That was the only time anyone saw the kid, and where the child ended up growing up remains a mystery.
notice.
King always kept his face hidden behind a mask, exuding an intense need to control everything around him. What really gave people the creeps was his complete distrust of everyone. Even those who had been close to him for years could be disposed of at a moment's A leader who trusts no one and conquers others with wealth and brute force is a terrifying prospect indeed.
Ronald found it tough to figure out King's true intentions whenever he dealt with him. Luckily for Ronald, King seemed utterly indifferent to him. The covert activities Ronald was involved in never even registered on King's radar. Whether King just didn't care about Ronald or his schemes was anyone's guess.
However, King's demeanor did seem to shift a bit when it came to the baby he'd brought back. No one knew who the child's mother was, and King didn't strike anyone as the type to have such desires.
Ronald continued to hold a significant position in Saudi Arabia, largely left to his own devices as long as he didn't push things too far. And King? He'd show up occasionally, only concerned with maintaining his grip on power and never meddled in anything else. He seemed perpetually busy, yet in an odd, untraceable way. To this day, no one knew what he looked like. If King wanted to keep his whereabouts a secret, tracking him down was impossible.
"Seamus, I was floored when I saw Isaac's face. It's impossible for someone to look so much like Max. King hates Max's guts, so the idea of him adopting Max's kid is out of the question. Plus, you've had people dig into Brielle and Max's relationship. Before her, Max had zero women in his life; there's no way he could have a child. So, it must be King's kid, but then again, the kid also looks like Max. Unless King and Max are twins."
The foreign woman the Saudi prince married years ago could very well be Max's mother. She became queen and was disgracefully dethroned and forced to flee abroad due to Ronald's schemes. At that time, she was pregnant, likely with twins.
If they were twins, why would King harbor such hatred for Max? Initially, King's focus was all about power and how to manipulate others. But at some point, he developed a burning vendetta against someone with an almost desperate intensity.
Ronald was pleased at the time
since their goal was to control
Brielle, who had already teamed up with Max Max genuinely cared for Brielle, protecting her in ways they hadn't anticipated. By then, it was too late to monitor Brielle-an oversight on their part. However, if King targeted Max, it would
indirectly benefit them.
So Ronald suggested to King to prevent Brielle from reconnecting with the Lynch family, knowing the Dorsey family patriarch would then deal with Max. Ronald was cunning, noting King's strong aversion to Max and Brielle being together. Could it be that he had his eyes on Brielle?
But King was a master of secrecy. Disappearing for over a year and returning with a child-no one knew which woman had managed to
share his bed, especially during an et
time when he seemed to despise all women, as if betrayed. King loved power and playing mind games. He did eventually act, stopping the Lynch family from claiming Brielle, much to Ronald's relief. 
They had hoped to use King to eliminate Max directly, but King hesitated, seemingly conflicted. Now, with Max dead and the Lynch family reclaiming Brielle, it mattered little to Rehald. He believed he had King figured out, manipulating him like a puppet. Yet, Isaac's
resemblance to Max was troubling. A deeper investigation into Max's identity was warranted, especially if he truly was King's twin. King's ruthless stance towards his own twin brother made him the perfect pawn for Ronald. 
"Don't worry, Ronald. I'll get to the bottom of this."
After hanging up, Seamus thought about Raymond's dissatisfaction with his daughter tonight. Maybe there was an opportunity to exploit.
###Chapter 1024
On the drive back, Brielle couldn't stop thinking about King. The evening had been a whirlwind, with Dustin dragging her in front of the butler just to gauge Raymond's reaction. It was all part of a plan to provoke the butler into making his next move. Seamus, the butler, was bound to slip up eventually if he took action.
Exhausted and with a pounding headache from all the scheming, Brielle leaned her head against the window and closed her eyes. "Do you think there's any chance the butler is in cahoots with King?" she mused aloud.
Dustin, his hands firmly on the steering wheel, glanced at her through the rearview mirror, his eyes a deep well of thought. "It's possible," he admitted. "But Seamus has been weaving his plans within the Lynch family for decades. No one's seen King face-to-face, but he's rumored to be under thirty. Seamus joined the Lynch household way before King was even born. If there's any connection, it's likely a mutual partnership. But King is definitely not the mastermind behind Seamus."
A wave of relief washed over Brielle, yet curiosity still nagged at her. "At the party, I heard rumors about King's family, the Dorsey family from Saudi, being somehow linked to the Beaconsfield Dorsey family. Is there any truth to that?"
Dustin frowned, navigating a tight corner. "There are countless Dorseys across the globe, not all of them connected."
"And what about the feud between King's ancestors and the first Lynch who struck diamond? Is there any truth to that ancient grudge?"
"That's ancient history. The specifics are murky, and King's branch of the Dorsey family, despite its standing in Saudi, isn't exactly basking in the limelight. Like us with our diamond empire here in North America, we've got wealth but steer clear of political brawls. Oil, on the other hand, is tightly controlled by the royal family over there. To them, King's family are outsiders, interlopers eyeing their oil riches."
Brielle had pieced together a different story at the party; one where a betrayed Dorsey ancestor found refuge and power in Saudi's oil fields. It seemed exaggerated now. Though that ancestor did make it to Saudi and gained some footing, seizing control of oil resources was a far-fetched dream.
Yet, King's current status as a key oil player intrigued her. Something monumental must have transpired, hidden from their view.
Back at the villa, Brielle couldn't help but share her speculations. Known for her sharp intellect, she was quick to connect the dots once her mind cleared from previous distress.
"Brother, if King managed to dominate the oil sector, there must have been significant upheavals in Saudi, right? Do you have contacts there who could shed light on some major conflicts?"
Dustin, well-connected globally, immediately reached out to his Middle Eastern friends. Tracking the Saudi royal family's shifts was as easy as following celebrity gossip.
Within minutes, Dustin forwarded relevant documents to Brielle's laptop. She pored over the information, extracting key details.
A major shift occurred about ten
years ago when a new prince
emerged as the oil sector's overseer,
becoming immensely wealthy. This
elusive prince avoided public appearances; visitors had to
undergo a day's worth of purification rituals before meeting him Displeasing him meant no one left
his presence alive. 
Yet, this prince was respected for his diplomacy and crisis management, helping Saudi navigate several international predicaments. His reclusiveness did nothing to
diminish his local statured
by the nation's devout spirituality. Instead of "prince," people revered him as the "Son of God." 
This divine title belonged to the queen's son, who, after her downfall in a power struggle, escaped with her unborn child, defying the harshest penalties. While the royal forces failed to apprehend the pregnant queen, the Dorsey family faced exile due to her escape. 
In a land where royal decrees dictated life and death, the Dorsey's exile was a stark reminder of their precarious position. Yet, against all odds, the queen's son returned, swiftly consolidating power to become the new ruler.
###Chapter 1025
Brielle couldn't care less about the royal squabbles that had plagued Saudi Arabia for generations. What really grabbed her attention was a specific point in time, exactly ten years ago. That was when Max left their sleepy town of Beaconsfield at just sixteen to conquer Wall Street. Even now, Max's true identity remained a mystery to her, a secret he never chose to disclose. If her suspicions were accurate, the whole scenario was downright bizarre.
Rising from her seat, Brielle shut her laptop and noticed that Dustin was also getting up.
"Got him," he said.
"Who?" she asked.
"Dummy."
"Little Hawk, you should get some rest. I'll go check it out," Dustin suggested.
Brielle frowned, "Bro, I'm coming with you."
Dustin didn't argue.
When they arrived at the scene, the first thing Brielle noticed was a pool of blood, sending a chill down her spine. The trail of blood led into a dark corner. She grabbed Dustin's arm and shook her head, signaling caution.
The cars parked nearby still had their headlights on, but the people were gone. The area clearly showed signs of a fierce struggle-trampled grass and, more ominously, no sign of Dustin's team or Dummy.
With her sharp eyesight, Brielle spotted a note pinned to a tree. She recognized the handwriting as Kenzo's from their university days spent together in the library. His sudden request for a meeting puzzled her.
The note included an address and an urgent plea to meet alone, claiming he had discovered a secret. Knowing the place and sensing the urgency in Kenzo's message, Brielle communicated silently with Dustin, quickly forming a plan.
The last time Brielle let Kenzo go, she considered her debt to him repaid. She had made it clear that their next meeting would be as adversaries. Given his near-fatal betrayal of Dustin, forgiveness was out of the question. Sharing the enemy's message with a loved one was a no-brainer for Brielle, especially under such strange circumstances. She suspected Kenzo knew she wouldn't come alone.
Driving separately from Dustin, Brielle navigated through several back alleys before entering a diner that reminded her of their favorite spot back in Beaconsfield. Its hidden location and nostalgic decor suggested it relied on regulars. 
Kenzo, already seated inside, didn't look up but pushed a cup of tea toward her.
"Still getting used to life in North America?" he asked, his tone unnervingly calm.
Brielle didn't appreciate his professor-like demeanor, acting as if past grievances didn't exist. She sat down, her voice icy, "Kenzo, get to the point."
He looked thoughtful, staring into his tea. "You were quite aloof in college, not one for socializing. I should never have approached you," he mused, almost to himself, stirring his tea absentmindedly. Brielle wanted to stop him right there; she had no interest in rehashing their past, a past devoid of any significant memory.
"But my father insisted I meet you, to make you fall for me."
At that, Brielle's frown deepened, suspecting he referred to 'the professor' as his father.
"I was confident, given my flawless public persona. I've never failed to seduce any woman my father pointed me towards."
Hearing this, Brielle's grip on her cup tightened. What was Kenzo implying?
She looked up, meeting his gaze. He still embodied the gentle demeanor from their first encounter. To the
world, Kenzo was the epitome of et
gentleness, never seen angry of displaying any emotion otherthan calm. 
Max was the cold, Andrew the fire, and Kenzo, the deep ocean-gentle in the shallows, mysterious in the depths. His public image was
impeccable, admired by many net
Beaconsfield and beyond, and even after stepping out of the limelight, fans still held out hope for his return. 
"But you never liked me. You were polite but distant," he continued.
###Chapter 1026
Since Brielle had been engaged to Spencer from an early age, she always saw him as her future husband. To avoid complications at school, she hardly ever initiated conversations with other guys.
Even when she went abroad for a student exchange, she kept to herself, quiet and reserved. This led everyone to call her "the Ice Queen," though in reality, she was just trying to protect her relationship with Spencer from being tarnished by gossip or humiliation from the
Dorsey family. Plus, the Haywood family wanted her to maintain that relationship diligently.
Back then, Brielle was obedient, believing that following the rules would lead to a good outcome. But everything changed when she exposed the sordid affair between Lillian and Spencer. That's when she realized her mistake and started deliberately getting involved with Max.
"Kenzo, just cut to the chase. Honestly, our past doesn't interest me much, cruel as it may sound. But since you've chosen to side with your backers, you should've known this day would come," she said, her voice indifferent.
Kenzo stayed silent, just watching her with a hint of sorrow in his eyes.
Rising to her feet, Brielle spoke, "If there's nothing else, I'll be leaving."
As Kenzo set his teacup down, he glanced at the bodyguard entering the room and chuckled lightly.
"You really have the Lynch family vibe now."
"Thanks for the compliment, Kenzo."
The newcomer was one of Dustin's men, and in this sealed space, Kenzo had no escape.
Dustin was the last to enter, fixing his gaze on Kenzo.
Kenzo raised an eyebrow, his smile fading slightly.
Brielle turned, intending to stride towards Dustin, but at that moment, Kenzo acted, pulling her into his embrace with a swift move.
Brielle stiffened. She had trained in Taekwondo and was quick to react, but Kenzo was faster. He was a master of his craft, far surpassing the skills of the bodyguards present.
Brielle realized then that letting Kenzo go previously had caused Max a great deal of trouble, and it must have taken a significant effort for Max to get that opportunity.
Kenzo held a gun, pressing it to the back of Brielle's head, smiling at Dustin.
"My apologies."
Without a word, Dustin watched as Kenzo pushed Brielle towards the exit. The atmosphere was tense, Dustin's men not daring to make a move.
Kenzo, slippery as an eel, had chosen this location deliberately for its complex layout, making it an excellent place to escape.
Both Brielle and Dustin thought they could capture him tonight, but they hadn't anticipated Kenzo's remarkable skill, leading them to a wall.
Lowering his height, Kenzo
whispered in Brielle's ear, "Max once kept a woman locked up in a castle, where he was the only other person. I heard he was quite fond of her. Brielle, always thought a person like Max could only truly care for one person, or maybe a certain type of person. Do you think his quick affection for you is because he saw someone else's shadow in you? By the way, I heard that woman had a child but then left him." 
Seeing her expression change, Kenzo felt a pang of sadness. He didn't want to do this; he was like a lowly worm, consumed by jealousy when he realized she had no mercy
for him. 
en FindNovel
In front of her, all his emotional control crumbled. Happy to see her in pain, he was a prisoner of love.
"Twenty years ago, at the
orphanage, I visited you. It was
winter, and you had just returned home with my father after selling gloves. You were so small. I was
hiding in the bushes nearby. I
thought you had left, but you came back with a stick of candied apples. Perhaps because I had fallen several times on my way there, looking quite disheveled, you mistook me for a beggar and kindly offered me the candied apples." 
###Chapter 1027
When Brielle heard him mention it, her mind drifted back to that memory.
For her, that stick of candied apples was a cherished treat-the best thing she'd get to eat all year. But when she saw the dirty yet beautiful face crouching in the bushes, her heart melted. She handed over the candied apples, swallowing hard herself. But by then, Kenzo had already been living with the Barnes family, and candied apples didn't mean much to him. The Barnes' servants used to say those treats would rot your teeth, were made in unsanitary conditions, and were just junk food for the poor. Kenzo, being two years older than Brielle and unaware of how precious those candied apples were to her, thought she was mocking him. Without hesitation, he slapped the stick of candied apples out of her hand. "Don't look down on me!"
Even at a young age, he was full of pride, aware of his mysterious lineage, the heavy burdens on his shoulders, and a future that seemed endless and bleak. He was fragile and sensitive, constantly fearing that his true identity would be revealed. He couldn't be seen eating a poor person's food, lest his identity be questioned.
That was his line of thinking as he glared at the pretty little girl in front of him. Her cheeks were frostbitten, her clothes too thin for the cold, as she bent down to pick up the candied apples from the snow.
"I only get to eat candied apples once a year."
Kenzo was taken aback. How could someone only have such a treat once a year?
In the end, he took the stick of candied apples into his palm. She said nothing more and walked away.
This moment left a deep impression on Kenzo, like a glimmer of light in the darkness. He never ate those candied apples; instead, he kept them hidden away, still holding onto them to this day.
Later, when his father instructed him
to get close to Brielle, he outwardly remained calm but was secretly thrilled. He had been quietly keeping tabs on her over the years. She had grown stronger, and the vulnerability she showed in the snow had vanished. Only they knew of their early encounter, not even his father was aware. 
His father's plan was for Kenzo to get close to her, lead her astray, much like Victoria. But Victoria's fate was her own doing, with no one else involved.
His father hoped Brielle, out of love
and desire, would lose her dignity, begging to stay by his side. Then, using Briette as leverage against the Lynch family would carry significant weight. If Seamus couldn't directly challenge Dustin, then threatening Dustin with Brielle would be their leverage over the Lynch family. 
Kenzo inwardly smirked; his father overestimated his son's charm. In Brielle's eyes Kenzo was just like any other man. From the moment her engagement to the Dorsey family was announced, until any instability in that arrangement surfaced, she had eyes for no else. Even if her affections for Spencer were more pragmatic than passionate, as long as her bond with
Spencer remained, she set clear
boundaries with other men.
When Kenzo sensed her relationship with Spencer wavering, he planned his move, to win her over and fulfill his father's mission. But Brielle defied everyone's expectations and instead initiated advances towards Max.
They spent two days together in an apartment, and Kenzo had been looking for her all along, even being in the same bar where Max was drinking. Kenzo had thought of countless ways to casually win Brielle's heart, but never anticipated she would leave with Max, looking at him with eyes Kenzo couldn't stand to see.
If you counted their childhood, Kenzo had met Brielle before Max did. If you considered their university days, he had also known her before Max. But why did it seem like her feelings for Max were so different?
Kenzo didn't know what that difference was; after all, he had never seen Brielle look at someone the way she looked at Max. But later, when he finally saw it, he knew he had lost his chance.
Now, with Brielle in his arms, he didn't even need to look down to smell the fragrance of her hair.
"Thank you for that stick of candied apples," he said, his hands firmly holding her as they moved closer to the tall wall.
###Chapter 1028
Kenzo knew the area like the back of his hand, almost as if he had anticipated tonight's events all along. Letting go of Brielle, he vaulted over the wall in mere seconds, but not before leaning in close to whisper something in her ear. "What if Max just sees you as a stand-in? Maybe, just maybe, you could consider me instead?"
Brielle stood there, staring at the now empty wall, speechless.
How am I supposed to respond to that, Kenzo? You're thanking me for that caramel apple I gave you back then, but I've regretted giving it to you ever since.
That night, she hadn't gotten to enjoy her once-a-year treat. She had questioned herself over and over again why she'd give something so precious to a stranger.
Her heart ached, feeling both lost and wronged over that caramel apple. Little Brielle wasn't as tough back then.
Kenzo had already disappeared.
Brielle turned to Dustin.
Dustin approached, gently tapping her on the head. "Did you plant it?"
A tracker.
They had planned it all. Capturing Kenzo wouldn't be easy. For someone who had managed to evade Dustin for so long, choosing this meeting spot meant catching him alive was nearly impossible.
So, Dustin suggested his team move in early, letting Kenzo take Brielle as a hostage.
"Little Falcon, I won't let anything happen to you. Trust me," he had reassured her.
Dustin wanted Kenzo alive, but if Kenzo tried to harm Brielle, he wouldn't hesitate to take him out.
Everything unfolded as planned. Brielle, taken hostage, got close enough to Kenzo and slipped the newly developed tracker, which was also capable of eavesdropping and as thin as a piece of paper, into his pocket. Once placed, it clung to the fabric, undetectable even if someone reached into the pocket.
Back in the car, Brielle and Dustin pulled out a laptop and instinctively put on headphones. Silence filled the air at first.
Dustin's driver had already headed back to the mansion.
An hour later, another man's voice came through.
"Where have you been?"
It was the Professor's voice. Brielle wasn't surprised.
Kenzo didn't respond and headed upstairs.
"Went to see Brielle, did you?"
Kenzo froze mid-step, turning to face him.
The Professor, calm and composed, placed his coffee cup back on the table.
"The look in your eyes when you see her... it's different from when you see others."
1.n
Kenzo approached with a cold laugh. "Annie's gone, Murray's gone, I'm probably next, then you. They've never cared about us. I'm just making the most of my time with the person I like. Is there a problem?" 
QUMS
Hearing this, the Professor sighed, his expression darkening.
"Who allowed you to talk like that?"
Kenzo stayed silent, turning to leave.
"Kenzo, don't let me hear such talk again. Everything we do has
?
meaning, and our contributions are recognized. Just like your grandfather, we are heroes. As
As for
your life, as long as you don't walk into Dustin's trap and take your medication on time, who would want you dead?" 
Silence followed, only the faint sound of footsteps going upstairs could be heard.
Brielle and Dustin were now in the living room. Upon hearing Kenzo's confession about making the most of his time with someone he liked, Dustin couldn't help but glance at Brielle.
Brielle, however, remained unfazed by Kenzo's words.
Once the conversation ended, Dustin set aside the headphones.
He hadn't expected his sister to be so popular.
Brielle also removed her headphones, catching onto something crucial-the mention of taking medication.
Thanks to King spilling more beans
than necessary, she knew that Max suffered from severe headaches without his medication, a pain so unbearable that even Max could momentarily lose consciousness. More gravely, failing to take the medication could lead to sudden death, a death so mysterious that it left no trace for medical science, merely deemed a heart failure. 
It was, arguably, the perfect method for murder.
###Chapter 1029
Is Kenzo popping pills too? Does that mean he's on the same stuff as Max? If it's the same, then the source must be identical. Michael controlled Max with this exact concoction, and now Kenzo's following suit. Could it be that Michael was played all along? And the
mastermind seems to have a knack for manipulating top talents in various sectors.
Kenzo, a powerhouse in the entertainment industry; Max, a titan in the business world. There must be countless unseen Kenzos and Maxes, and let's not forget the Lynch family. They're the crown jewels of the diamond industry. When every country's top talent is under control, this shadowy organization is practically playing god. But has anyone in the Lynch family ever been manipulated? Brielle glanced at Dustin, who was lost in thought about how long Kenzo had been into Brielle. Catching her gaze, he raised an eyebrow. "What's up?"
"Bro, if they can manipulate Kenzo and Max with drugs, why not directly control you? They've been after the Lynch family's power for ages, and yet here you are, bringing me back into the fold. Seems like a major oversight on their part."
Dustin's face stiffened, and he massaged his forehead. "Well, I've been picky since I was a kid, only ate what Grandma cooked. She was so dedicated, treated cooking like an art form. Guess they never found their chance. After Grandma's health declined, and she couldn't cook, I took over."
Brielle's eyes widened. "You? Cook?"
Seeing her disbelief, Dustin couldn't help but gloat. "I learned from Grandma. She was once invited to Australia to prepare a state dinner. In her youth, she was a master chef at those events, and that's how she and Grandpa hit it off. While other ladies excelled in arts and literature, Grandma was all about mastering state dinners, and she sure spoiled me with gourmet tastes."
Every Lynch had their own unique talent. "Grandma wanted to pass her skills to Mom, but Mom had no interest in cooking. She preferred the thrill of the business world. Grandma always worried she'd be exploited for her ambition. But then Mom met Dad, and our families united. Grandma's side is well-respected in Australia, known among the old guard of artists. The Lynchs' influence, especially in those circles, comes partly from Grandma."
Dustin went off on a tangent, but he
wanted Brielle to grasp the extent of the Lynch family's background. In the social circles of Beaconsfield,
the younger generation is mostly et
unaware of these connections, Grandpa's side merged into the business world, producing a mom who aspired to conquer it. As for the grandparents, the Lynchs have been the diamond industry's leading light since monopolizing it, a pinnacle of North American nobility.
Raymond and Sarah's union was a blend of ambition and talent. The more Brielle listened, the more she felt a sense of warmth, eventually breaking into a smile. If Dustin's extreme self-discipline and preference for his own cooking were what kept him safe, the adversary must be seething. And after clearing his inner circle once Dummy's betrayal came to light, they had even less of a chance.
Yet, Brielle suspected their failure
wasn't just due to Dustin, but the unity within the Lynch family. From Grandma's generation to the grandparents, the family's harmony free from scandals like affairs or illegitimate
yelmet
children-fostered a health toe!
and
beautiful environment. Such unity makes it difficult for adversaries to sow discord. Even the servants are more loyal. Anyone attempting to bribe a Lynch servant would face a formidable challenge, as those in the Lynch employ hardly lack for money. 
"Lil' Bri, your brother's quite the catch. With my cooking, the woman who marries me will be the luckiest."
&l
As Dustin said this, a vague figure flashed in his mind, causing a brief lapse into silence, then a frown. Which ex-girlfriend could it be? Brielle found it amusing. She thought of bringing up their first meeting but considering no ex had publicly complained, instead posting Wistful messages on social media, hoping for a reconciliation, she held back. In many ways, that was a talent in itself. 
"Bro, be honest, have you cooked for all your exes?"
"Isn't that obvious? They begged me to."
Brielle now understood why those women were so smitten. A top-tier heir, handsome, fit, from a prestigious family, kind, generous, and sweet-talking, who could also whip up a gourmet meal - what's not to love?
###Chapter 1030
Dustin, even with his roguish charm, always treated women with the utmost respect. Back in Beaconsfield, his support for Aubree was like a lifeline during her darkest days.
Who would finally capture his heart was anyone's guess, and Brielle found herself quite intrigued by the prospect.
Having gathered a good amount of intel, Brielle felt she was getting closer to understanding King's situation. The next step was to peel away the mask he wore.
"Sky, it's getting late. Let's call it a night. Whatever you want to dig into, we can tackle it tomorrow," Dustin suggested gently.
Brielle had only recently recovered from an illness and couldn't afford to burn the midnight oil. As soon as Dustin finished speaking, Brielle yawned, wished him goodnight, and headed to her bedroom. With her guess about King's identity, she had been sleeping soundly the past few nights. But tonight, insomnia struck, and she found herself dreaming about her year abroad as an exchange student.
Max had once asked her about her time overseas, but she couldn't quite articulate her experiences then, feeling it was much the same as back home-lonely, buried in research.
Now, she wondered why Max had asked about her exchange year. If memory served, she had spent a year and two months abroad, achieving top grades before returning to her routine of study and research at home. What had Max sensed back then?
But she couldn't ask Max now, with King in the picture. She needed to confirm her suspicions first.
Her dream was long and vivid, featuring an empty castle she couldn't escape, suffocating embraces, and a voice that chilled her to the bone.
"Why try to run? Didn't you say you'd stay with me?"
As an observerin her dream, Brielle could feel goosebumps on her own arms but couldn't make out the face of the man holding her-his presence was domineering, his actions forceful despite his
words. 
"I don't want this. I don't want anything," she protested in the dream.
Б
The temperature dropped as he grew impatient, sweeping her off her feet in a possessive gesture.
Then, the scene shifted, and Brielle found herself as an onlooker once more, witnessing a struggle that left her dream self pale and frightened. "What do you like about me? I'll change, just let me go," her dream self pleaded.
But the man was relentless, his grip tightening as he laughed at her resistance.
Brielle woke from the nightmare feeling shaken, unable to believe the dream's intensity or its resemblance to her own fears.
She had never been involved with anyone other than Max, especially not in such a shameful way. And to dream such a dream so soon after Max's disappearance in a fire filled her with guilt. 
Forcing herself awake, she was relieved to see the morning light. The dream had left its mark, stirring her heart into a rapid pace. Brielle's ives were clear: await Seamus's move and unveil the man behind King's mask.
Yet, over breakfast, she remembered
Kenzo's story about Max
l.ne
imprisoning a woman in a castle, forcing her love only to abandon her and their child later. fo FindNovel
Such behavior seemed out of character for Max but fit King's profile all too well.
###Chapter 1031
Brielle felt a sudden tightness in her chest and rubbed it gently before deciding to visit King's villa once more. But her car had barely left when it stalled at a crossroads, for reasons unknown. As she got out, intending to call for help, another vehicle pulled up in front of her. The passenger, a blonde woman with striking blue eyes, greeted Brielle warmly in English and even got her name right. Brielle was surprised but figured the foreigner's enthusiasm was due to the recent news frenzy about the Lynch family finding their lost princess. Anyone who followed the news would recognize her.
They chatted for a bit. "Congratulations, you've become even more beautiful."
Brielle didn't dwell on the compliment, responding kindly, "Thank you, you're quite stunning yourself."
The woman offered to help, but Brielle gestured that assistance was already on its way, and the woman drove off. Brielle remained there, somewhat overwhelmed by the stranger's warmth.
In the departing car, the blonde woman turned to her boyfriend. "I wonder if she and her boyfriend have split up. I mean, she only attended our college for a few days before switching to online classes. As an exchange student, exceeding three online courses usually means failure, but after just a few days, she did just that and only came in for the exams. She always wore a scarf, and when someone accidentally pulled it off, we saw the love bites her boyfriend left."
Sexual openness is common in the West, and I remember people joking about her boyfriend being too passionate, but her face turned pale as if struck by some misfortune. She quickly gathered her things and left, never to be seen at the school again. But Brielle's beauty was so striking, even among a crowd of attractive women, she stood out. Her unique charm and the popular exotic elegance made her seem like she stepped out of a painting; every move she made was captivating.
From her first day in class, many
guys wanted to add her on
WhatsApp, but she coldly declined, mentioning she was engaged back home. Even bold proposals for a fling were ignored. Who would have thought the distant Australian beauty was the diamond company's princess? 
The blonde woman teased her boyfriend, "Didn't you write her a love letter once?"
Her boyfriend, hands tight on the steering wheel, felt embarrassed by the memory. "The night I wrote that letter, I was nearly beaten to a pulp by some mysterious men, warning me to stay away from her."
"It must have been her boyfriend's doing, too possessive and always watching her closely."
The couple laughed, reminiscing
about the past. But Brielle was oblivious to these stories. She thought the warm greeting was just because of the news stories online. After waiting a while, someone came to fix her car. 
An hour later, she was back on the road. Arriving at the villa, there were no guards outside, and the iron gate was closed, leaving Brielle with no way in. But as before, a car drove in, its windows down. She saw that beautiful woman again, the same as last time. Brielle couldn't help but remember Kenzo's words about Max once imprisoning a beautiful woman in a castle, who had also borne a child. 
"Did Max take to you so quickly because he sees the shadow of someone else in you?"
###Chapter 1032
Brielle often found herself tangled in a web of doubts. She had always told herself that until Max showed any signs of affection, she wouldn't let herself fall for him first. But back then, she lacked confidence. Why would Max ever fall for a woman who had brazenly made the first move? Why had her attempts worked when so many others had failed? Was he really that drunk that night?
Her brother once mentioned during a meet-up abroad that Max had an incredible self-control around women-strong enough to spend an entire night with one and remain unaffected. Could a few drinks really change that, making him spend not just one, but two whole nights with her?
This doubt always lingered in her mind, yet Max's unwavering affection for her seemed to dispel all her uncertainties. Why couldn't it be her? Maybe she just caught his eye, or perhaps he had been moved by her from an earlier moment, thus allowing her actions. But one thing was undeniable-Max had always treated her exceptionally well, never once letting her down.
So, in Beaconsfield, when someone suggested she was just a stand-in, she could confidently refute them. It was impossible; she wasn't anyone's replacement. The way Max looked at her-that was something you couldn't fake. However, faced with Kenzo's words from the night before, Brielle found herself at a loss for words.
The existence of a child so similar to Max implied the existence of another woman. And at that time, Max-or rather, a different persona within him that was beyond his control-might have genuinely cared for that woman and fathered her child.
Had those events influenced Max's lack of resistance on those drunken nights? If so, Brielle feared she might indeed be living in the shadow of another woman, a thought she found utterly unacceptable.
She longed for King to vanish, for her Max to return-the Max who saw and loved only her, not this King who saw her as a substitute for someone else.
Sitting in her car, Brielle felt a pang of heartache. She didn't know how long she had been waiting there, but as dusk fell, the car that had driven in earlier in the day finally emerged. Brielle had been about to drive away when the massive iron gate swung open. 
Her body tensed. It was a clear invitation for her to enter.
Stepping out of the car, Brielle approached the gate with a mix of complex emotions and nervousness. If her suspicions were correct, how could she face what awaited her?
She hesitated, eventually retreating
back to her car in fear. Yet, she couldn't bring herself to leave, her eyes fixed on the slightly ajar gate as if not seeking the truth would keep her fantasies alive. FindNovel
Finally, Brielle attempted to reverse her car, intending to leave, but was halted by the sound of her phone ringing. It was that familiar number, the one, she had imagined answering countless times during her bouts of wishful thinking. Her emotions collapsed instantly, even though she knew this call wasn't a figment of her imagination. The pain was unbearable because she knew the caller was King, not Max. 
All she wanted was Max.
###Chapter 1033
King watched the woman on the monitor as she fell apart, his face growing colder by the second.
He knew exactly why she was crying. It was always about Max. Just hearing his name was enough to bring her to tears, never for him. She adored Max so much that without him, life or death didn't seem to matter. He knew it all too well.
How despicable she was.
What did Max have that he didn't? Why could Max effortlessly capture her affection? Her affection was so cheap, yet it was something he could never earn no matter how hard he tried.
At this moment, Brielle seemed like the most pitiful woman in the world. But when he glanced at his own reflection on the monitor, he realized his expression was hardly any better than Brielle's.
Maybe he was even more pitiful than the most pitiful person.
It didn't surprise him when Brielle didn't answer. He smirked and sent a message:
"Come on in. Take a look at Max's child with another. Looks just like him, doesn't it? You might like that."
People tend to lose control when faced with something they can't have, especially when it's so easily obtained by someone they despise.
He was so out of control he wished he could kill Max himself. But he was the last person on Earth who could actually do it.
Brielle, reading the message, realized she was under his constant surveillance. Now she understood how King kept track of her movements in Premier Palace so well. With cameras everywhere and his knowledge of their locations, including the hidden ones he had placed, he had free rein.
The thought sent shivers down her spine, and she was reminded of a dream from the night before. That dream instilled a deep-seated fear of King in her, as if she was terrified he'd lose control and punish her like in her nightmare.
But in reality, she and King had never crossed paths.
Disgust filled her eyes, and she felt goosebumps all over her body as she exited her car and walked through the iron gate.
The villa had a beautiful garden,
well-maintained but nothing like the
exaggerated castle from her dream. Brielle didn't think the dream was
real, assuming it was just her longing for the good times with Max that conjured it. 
Following the main path, she reached the ving room door. The door was open, as if someone inside had been waiting for a long time. Brielle hesitated before pushing the door open, instinctively changing her shoes in the foyer. 
He wasn't on the first floor, but a servant led her to a room in the back. Inside, there was a large chaise lounge where he lay, surrounded by multiple screens showing surveillance footage. Servants knelt by his side, massaging his legs, and another fed him grapes. His face masked, he lazily propped his head on one hand and chuckled as he looked up to her. "Decided to show up, huh?"
King's tastes
Brielle couldn't stand his posture, and the thought of the face behind the mask made it even harder to bear. But she knew she wasn't in a position to judge him.
s were different from
Max's. His occasional flirtations seemed more about testing what made Max's girl so special, akin to toying with a pet. She felt this vibe from him since their first encounter at the casino. 
Suppressing her discomfort, Brielle remained still, not stepping closer. She sensed King was using these actions to highlight that he wasn't Max.
Max disliked closeness, never allowing servants to attend to him so intimately. Max never liked his fingers stained with grape juice, always wearing gloves to peel grapes for her.
Brielle had once wished to see his fingers stained purple, frustrated that Max never gave her the chance. But she understood Max's cleanliness was something he couldn't compromise.
King, however, reveled in the sensation of colors on his fingertips when peeling grapes, a stark contrast to Max.
Even the way King had casually committed violence in her presence was different. Max had always been extremely gentle with her, shielding her from such sights.
King was not Max, yet he seemed to recall things that happened to Max. Otherwise, he wouldn't have mentioned the text message so casually or shown his grape-peeling so deliberately, almost as if he wanted her to give up hope.
###Chapter 1034
Brielle had reached the end of her rope. Every move this guy made only confirmed her worst fears.
Max and King were the same person, just different sides of the same coin.
The thought was absurd and yet painfully true.
She couldn't take her eyes off King, searching for any hint of Max in his movements, his build, the way his fingers twitched.
Back at the casino, she'd felt something familiar about him but couldn't pin it down.
Her mind had blocked out the possibility of him being Max, which was why she'd found King so strangely familiar.
King stood up, waved the crowd away, and sauntered over to Brielle.
Brielle took a step back, then froze, realizing that if King had wanted her dead, he could've done it ages ago.
Even now, if he wanted to hurt her, he could do it with a flick of his wrist.
She couldn't harm that face, but he could end her with a snap of his fingers.
So she stopped retreating, her gaze fixed on the mask.
King bent slightly, took her hand, and placed it on his mask.
"Wanna unwrap this gift yourself?"
His tone was playful, mocking, cutting deeper than any knife.
Brielle's fingers shook, scared to pull too hard and accidentally take off the mask.
She tried to pull away, but King's grip was firm. He started to remove the mask with her hand, her fingers curling in resistance.
Her wrist was turning red from his grip. Seeing this, he let go and wrapped his arms around her waist instead.
"Seeing that kid must sting, huh? Considering you and Max never got the chance."
Brielle's lashes fluttered, a desperate need to escape bubbling inside her. But he pinned her against the wall, his long fingers undoing the top buttons of her blouse. 
"Max might be gone, but his body's still here. Miss him? I can help with that."
He smirked as he leaned in, his teeth almost grazing her skin.
In that moment, Brielle came to her senses and slapped him hard.
The mask fell and shattered on the floor, the sound echoing her breaking heart.
Her hand throbbed, her fingertips going numb.
But he just took her hand and kissed each finger.
"He did this too, didn't he?"
Brielle's world buzzed, her legs turning to jelly at the sight of his familiar face.
She raised her hand to slap him again but found herself powerless under his gaze. How could she ever hit that face, the one she could never bring herself to harm?
Thinking of him in the fire broke
heart, he
prayers for his return an et
constant plea to the hevel?
She'd wanted Max to leave something behind in this world, but that fire had wiped everything out.
And now, this man with Max's face.
was
wanting her like he owned her
to keep her all to himself.
It was all too crazy.
Brielle bit down hard on his tongue, drawing blood, but he didn't even flinch.
Their mouths filled with the metallic taste, yet he wouldn't let go.
###Chapter 1035
Brielle felt the metallic tang of blood spread in her mouth. This wasn't a kiss anymore-it was a savage bite, like two beasts trying to consume each other's blood. It was more intimate than any exchange of bodily fluids. What a freak!
Her cheeks flushed red as she struggled to breathe. He seemed to enjoy watching her suffocate, admiring the rosy hue spreading across her face. Only when Brielle looked like she might pass out did he finally let her go. "Different from being with him, isn't it?" he taunted.
Brielle regained her composure and wiped her lips. "What's so different? You know what's going on with him sometimes. You should know, he and I have done everything."
It was just an excessive kiss; it didn't mean anything to her. She threw the words back at him, hoping to disgust him as much as he disgusted her. Brielle had always been oblivious to others' affections, assuming King's harassment was just his way of getting back at Max for using this body to be with her.
King fancied another woman, after all. With his controlling nature, he must have been furious when he found out Max was using this body to date someone else.
King didn't say a word, but his stare was intense, like a brewing storm ready to swallow everything around them. However, Brielle wasn't scared. She mentally pulled herself away from that harrowing kiss.
"How can he come back?" she asked, referring to Max.
King chuckled, a hint of madness in his laughter, as if his hatred for Max had only deepened, like Max had taken something precious from him. Someone as manipulative as King wouldn't want to share his body with another. Max's disappearance was a win for him-why would he want him back?
But Brielle wanted Max back.
"Don't dream," he said indifferently, widening the gap between them.
Brielle didn't know how to react. It was Max's face, his body, but not his soul. She opened her mouth but couldn't find the words, looking through King as if searching for the man she longed to see.
King bent down and picked up a mask from the ground. He didn't put it on; instead, he brushed off imaginary dust.
"Though, I've been curious about the taste of his woman," he sneered, placing the mask aside with a sly smile. "If you and I-”
Before he could finish, Brielle turned and opened the nearby door. She walked away without a second thought, not looking back.
As she was about to step onto the path, a young boy rounded the corner, crashing into her arms. Behind him was a majestic panther, standing as tall as an adult, radiating aggression. Isaac stepped back, looking up at the woman before him. Australian, beautiful.
Brielle had been irritated, but seeing Isaac, she couldn't bring herself to dislike him, though thoughts of King complicated her feelings. She was supposed to resent the child, a living reminder of the life she and Max had
lost. 
Fate had never favored her. Why else would the child King had with another woman live while hers with Max did not?
Since recovering, Brielle had refused
to fall back into despair. Yet, facing this living, breathing boy who resembled Max, her heart ached. Ignoring King's nature, this child was alse Max's. en FindNovel
She couldn't blame Max; such situations were messy for anyone. She squatted down, reaching to touch Isaac's head.
Isaac dodged, quickly scanning her.
A servant stepped forward, speaking softly. "Ms. Brielle, the young master isn't used to close contact. He used to only speak to the sir and is slowly learning to interact with others. Please don't take offense." 
Brielle's heart ached again. Isaac nodded at her and smiled.
"Nice to meet you, friend. Noir," he said.
The black panther, as if understanding, stepped forward, bowing its head and placing a paw in front of Brielle. Isaac, with innocent eyes, patted the panther's head. "Noir, apologize. You startled her."
###Chapter 1036
This was Brielle's way of accepting Noir's sudden pounce the other night as an apology. Staring at the well-behaved panther, her initial fear melted away as she reached out to touch him. Noir's fur was sleek and shiny, his paws massive, giving a sense of fullness and security when held. Brielle could never have imagined getting this close to such a fierce creature in her wildest dreams. After the touch, Noir, showing remarkable intelligence, withdrew his paw and sat down, awaiting his next instruction. His tail swished elegantly from time to time, and sitting like this, he seemed taller than a small child. Yet, this scene unexpectedly emanated warmth. Isaac remained silent, quietly observing the woman. Remembering he had to meet his dad, he nodded as if to say hello and moved to leave. But now it was Brielle who felt a pang of reluctance. She found herself fond of the boy, his presence alone lifting her spirits. Despite some inner conflict, she couldn't help the joy that surged through her at the sight of his face.
At that moment, the servant spoke up. "Ms. Brielle, please follow me this way; I'll escort you out." Reluctantly, Brielle glanced back at Isaac and nodded slightly. On her way out, she couldn't help but inquire, "Is his mom Australian?"
The servant nodded, sighing softly. "Yes, but after giving birth to the young master, she left him in a dumpster. It took a great deal of effort for the sir to bring him back. That's why the young master has had communication issues to this day. The sir probably fears losing him, so he's kept him in the castle."
How could a mother be so heartless as to abandon her newborn in a dumpster out of spite? Even if she despised King, that anger shouldn't be directed at an innocent baby. Brielle felt a surge of anger, empathizing deeply with the boy.
"Has his mother never come back to see him?"
"No, the young master grew up in the castle, rarely seeing anyone besides sir. From the time he was in
swaddling clothes, sir was the one who looked after him. The young master is quiet and well-behaved. Since he was a month old, he never cried or fussed. Later, he got a panther as a companion and has been playing with Noir ever since. But the details are not clear to us; that's just what is said." 
Brielle still thought the woman too cruel. If Isaac's communication issues stemmed from not being well-protected after birth, would his mother ever regret her actions? But considering what the servant said about his mom never visiting, she probably doesn't care about the child at all. Such a tragedy-a child bearing the brunt of adult grievances. 
Brielle also wondered if a man like King, who could emerge victorious in the cutthroat Saudi royal conflicts and manage a casino in the predatory environment of Beaconsfield, could truly love someone. His cunning and ruthlessness exceeded most. This, Max couldn't match.
Under Max, the Dorsey family had
been calm, allowing others within to plot for power rather than focusing on survival. But King's actions toward the Dorsey family, using Antonio to start their internal collapse, showed his strategic mind.
William died with unicel net
grievances, and Michael became utterly deranged. Not only did he bankrupt the Dorsey family, but he also drove them insane, showcasing his manipulative prowess at a level Brielle had never seen before. 
If Michael knew what King looked like, he might understand why Antonio was driven to madness and used that contraption. Antonio's hatred for Max was deep, wishing to attack Max even from beyond the grave. He longed to defeat Max, and King's arrival provided that opportunity.
###Chapter 1037
Antonio always called King "Mr. King" with the utmost respect. In his eyes, Mr. King was invincible, superior to everyone in Beaconsfield, able to manipulate others as if they were mere pawns in his game.
Antonio's most despised rival, Max, stood no chance against Mr. King. He would have gladly bowed down to shine Mr. King's shoes if it meant getting rid of Max. He was willing to be as loyal as a dog if Mr. King would just take Max out.
He idolized Mr. King, placing him on a pedestal so high that he deemed him untouchable, beyond reproach, refusing to let anyone speak ill of him. The higher Antonio placed Mr. King in his heart, the less invincible Max seemed, all dependent on Mr. King's willingness to intervene.
So, when that night came, and he took a bullet, clinging to the edge of a cliff, confessing his confusion and despair, it was genuine. He truly didn't understand why the deity he worshiped decided to cast him into the abyss without mercy, using him as a pawn for revenge against the Dorsey family.
The offer to see the man behind the mask was extended, but in Antonio's heart, Mr. King was sacred and untouchable, so the thought of unmasking him never crossed his mind. Clinging to the cliff, he watched in disbelief as Mr. King removed his mask. The familiar face underneath was a cruel joke to the world he thought he knew. He despised Max, wished to tear him apart, yet he had placed Max on a divine pedestal, bowing before him. The god he worshipped was the very person he loathed and wanted dead. How could anyone withstand such a blow? It wasn't just his world crumbling; it was his entire belief system. Laughing madly, he let go of the cliff's edge.
The bitterness was unbearable. Why was he always trampled by Max? To be toyed with by his nemesis at the brink of death was too pathetic a game to lose. If that was the case, then let them all descend to hell together. Max, the one he hated, and Brielle, the one Max loved-let them all perish.
He no longer hoped to defeat Max; he only wanted to use the manor's secret to make Max suffer, to make
him pay for the deceit and humiliation. As Antonio crashed onto the terrace, his mind replayed the moment the mask was removed, the mocking smirk he saw on the man's face, and the wind from the canyon laughed at his helplessness like a chorus of wailing ghosts. 
He had to get up; he had to find that box his grandfather spoke of. It was a towering hatred from the depths of his soul, dragging those who looked down on him, those who trampled on him into the inferno with him. The night sky lit up with flames and deafening explosions, marking the most brilliant moment of his life. Even as he was reduced to ashes, his resentment remained unquenched. 
Brielle, unaware of the story behind the fire, listened to the servant's words, noting the resemblance in temperament to Max. Max, too, was stoic as a child, leading to numerous visits from psychologists. Brielle speculated whether Max's alter ego, King, was a result of those times. 
Clearly, King was aware of things Max wasn't, even realizing the existence of his dual personalities and attempting to erase Max. Now, Brielle wondered if there was a way to eliminate King. Would Max return if King was gone? She wasn't sure. As the servant led her towards the exit, Brielle couldn't help but ask, "Have you ever seen his mother?"
"Never met her. Even the young master hasn't. Probably only Mr. King knows what she looks like. They say she cut off all contact after leaving."
Abandoning her child and severing ties, that woman must have truly despised King. These gossips, though centered around King, couldn't be taken at face value according to Brielle. However, one thing was clear: the woman was harsh towards her child and towards King. "Ms. Brielle, your car is right outside. I'll leave you here," the servant said. Brielle nodded, thanking him. As she departed, the servant respectfully returned to the villa.
King was already sitting on the sofa, watching the surveillance footage, including Brielle's conversation. When the topic of throwing the child in the trash was mentioned, there wasn't a hint of guilt on her face.
###Chapter 1038
Sure thing, if she felt any remorse, she wouldn't have done what she did. Her heart, cold as stone, couldn't be warmed, her gaze towards him filled with nothing but disdain and fear. Yet, the first time they met, her eyes sparkled with a brilliance, a beauty unmatched. His mother used to say, if a girl's eyes light up brighter than the stars in the sky when she sees you, she's definitely got a thing for you. When was their first encounter?
Ah, yes, on a snowy night. It was after he had quelled the conflicts in Saudi Arabia. He came to North America to negotiate business with the local elite. Oil, a coveted resource worldwide, was particularly eyed by the North American powerhouses, but he never took them seriously. The conflicts back in Saudi were far bloodier, far more ruthless, and he had climbed to his position stepping over countless bodies.
He wasn't afraid to spill blood, to sacrifice anyone for his goals. And he loathed betrayal, craving absolute loyalty. The turnover of his associates was high, showing no mercy the moment he sensed disloyalty. He was harsh on others, even harsher on his kin. Back in Saudi, his control was absolute, his opponents fed to the sharks, alive, to watch their terror, their struggle, as the sea turned red. That was his ultimate joy. Mother always said it was better this way, to live without humanity was to live without pain.
If he was the one struggling in the darkness, then Max was the purest, most refined being in the world. His life felt torn, waking up each day in unfamiliar places, nervously navigating through, absorbing thoughts from another mind. But eventually, he got used to this existence. He realized, the other persona, Max, was oblivious to his existence. This was King's greatest advantage, allowing him to scheme perfectly, deceiving Max, ensuring he'd never catch on.
Over the years, his plans were
flawless, largely because Max was so detached, so brilliant at everything that worldly successes meant nothing to him. Uncertain of his desires, even a stint on Wal Street was just a whim, casually laying down strategies that birthed DreamTech Designs. Max's influence was a boon for King. 
Quickly establishing himself on Wall Street, amassing wealth, King used it all to reclaim power in Saudi. Together, they could have been
invincible The ones Max wouldn't e
kill, King would, inflicting pain so severe, his very visage invoked terror. At that time, King admired Max. He was, indeed, a masterpiece of creation, devoid of normal emotions, making him easy to exploit. 
So, when Michael and his group provided drugs that induced severe headaches in Max, King didn't oppose. It was an opportunity for more control. Because he knew more, Max unaware of his existence, this was King's chance to eventually dominate completely, but he was in no rush. The drugs Michae introduced were no ordinary medicine, administered monthly with seemingly no side effects on Max, except for unbearable
headaches when skipped, forcing a transformation into King. 
In many ways, Michael's drugs aided King, marking when he could take control, rather than the abrupt blackouts and waking up in unknown places. Max's lack of emotion also meant a loss of curiosity, a diminished desire to explore the world, finding life too simple, almost dull.
Before his venture into Wall Street, Max had sensed something off but didn't investigate further. And King, being part of him, often skewed his judgments. Just as his presence affected King's decisions. King was like Max's blade, remembering every obstacle, waiting for the chance to take control and exact vengeance.
But he distinctly remembered the day everything changed. It was a bright, serene day, and Max was at Beaconsfield College to give a lecture.
###Chapter 1039
The girl who brought the flowers was absolutely stunning. Just a single glance from her could mesmerize anyone with the sparkle in her eyes. But King and Max had seen plenty of beautiful faces in their time, most of them fleeting like fireworks-brilliant for a moment,
then gone without a trace. So when she handed him the flowers, he barely looked at her and gave a cold, "Thanks," and that was it.
King and Max were essentially the same person, just two halves of a complex personality. Each had their role to play, and neither was easily swayed by emotions. That day at Beaconsfield College, the auditorium was buzzing with applause. The girl was pushed forward by a group of dignitaries to stand next to him for a photo op. Camera flashes converged, and all eyes were on them.
King stayed quiet, lurking in Max's mind. He was aware of what was happening but didn't feel much about it-experiences like these were rare for him. Max didn't even glance at the girl, too preoccupied with Wall Street's latest numbers. King, similarly uninterested, had his thoughts tangled in data too. But as they left the stage, he couldn't resist a quick look.
And that look took his breath away.
She was like a rare flower in a hidden valley, reminding him so much of their mother. Her eyes were truly mesmerizing, like the soft, lazy sunlight of a winter's day, stirring emotions even in the stark contrast of her pupils. King thought to himself that Max probably had no idea who their birth mother was. Max was indifferent to everything, like a monk walking through the world detached from it all-a god without humanity, overshadowed by his divinity.
But King remembered their mother well. She was a woman who had fought and loved within the complex circles of the Saudi royal family. She defied everything to be with her true love but ended in misery and disgrace. She always used to say, "Never love the wrong person." It had become her obsession, the root of all her bitterness towards the world.
King could understand these feelings. Unlike Max, who was born indifferent, King had seen too much and had grown numb. People always expect others, or even gods, to be selflessly devoted, but when it's their turn, they hope for understanding and empathy. King didn't want to be an untouchable deity, elevated and pure. He was flesh and blood, wanting to live selfishly and hold power in his hands.
When their mother fled Saudi Arabia, she was almost captured but was saved by a benefactor who helped her reach Beaconsfield. The identity of this benefactor remained a mystery, according to their mother, the debt was impossible to repay. In Beaconsfield, with little to her name, she continued to receive support from this mysterious benefactor, which led her to meet Martha Dorsey and Daisy Barnes, forging invaluable connections. 
Choosing Martha was fate. Mrs. Dorsey was desperate for a son to secure her standing within the Dorsey family and found an ally in their mother. Despite her setbacks in love, their mother was no fool-she carried the shrewdness of her royal upbringing. She revealed her identity asa Saudi princess and the royal lineage potential of her child, promising a future of power and influence if her son were to claim his rights back in Saudi Arabia.
Martha, suffocated by her childlessness and the political turmoil back in Saudi, quickly agreed to the arrangement. Their mother took on a discreet role as a nanny within the Dorsey household, interacting only with Martha. The child, named Max by their mother, carried her surname, though he grew up unaware of his true lineage, mistaking her for just a dedicated servant.
During his isolation in the attic, nearly starving, it was their mother who wept outside his door, a silent guardian. Even if he had known she was his mother, Max, having lost the ability to speak, would likely have remained silent, his brilliance in other areas unmatched.
When Martha realized Max's
muteness, she was frantic. Her
pawn in securing her place within the Dorsey family seemed flawed. She sought out medical experts far and wide, leveraging the Dorsey family's influence. But it was their mother who eventually revealed Max's talents to Michael Dorsey. Michael, recognizing Max's genius, immediately positioned him as his heir, with King emerging as a new persona to navigate this complex existence. 
###Chapter 1040
Max was an enigma, a puzzle wrapped in mystery. He knew the sting of a blade, the kind of pain that could make a grown man cry, but the everyday emotions that danced in others' hearts were foreign to him. That's where King came in a persona born from the depths of Max's psyche during those endless therapy sessions that only seemed to deepen his mysteries. King had always been there, rooted in Max's being, waiting for his moment. Max was perfection personified, a sculpture too pristine to touch. King, however, was his antithesis. He cared deeply about the world and the people around him, noticing the subtle shifts in mood, the silent cries for help. It didn't take him long to realize that the most inconspicuous servant in their villa-dressed in drab clothes and moving with quiet steps-was their mother.
When King revealed his existence to their mother, she wasn't surprised. In fact, there was a trace of joy. Max had always been too impassive, too easy a target for those with malicious intentions. But King was different; he was a wolf raised in darkness, ready to bite back at the slightest provocation.
At ten, Max's life was a tightrope walk over a pit of vipers. Every cup of tea could be his last, every shadow could hide a dagger. The Dorsey family, with its ambitions and schemes, eagerly watched for the young heir to falter. But they didn't count on King, who maneuvered from the shadows, ensuring Max remained untainted by the blood that sought to drown him.
Their mother's departure was as bleak as the snowy day she left, her eyes void of light. King receded into the background as Max, with his innate talents, solidified his position within the Dorsey family. Martha, overwhelmed by pressure, eventually broke down into madness. Max, in a rare display of compassion, arranged for her care abroad.
Life seemed to smooth out after that. King knew Max inside and out, though he never claimed to know everything. The real turning point came during the year and two months that Brielle was abroad as an exchange student.
By then, Max had become a legend on Wall Street, while King reclaimed his throne in Saudi Arabia, becoming one of the world's wealthiest men. They were two sides of the same coin-one an angel, the other a devil.
The night that changed everything
was cold, with snowflakes as large and chilling as the day their mother left. King found himself in North America, ensnared by a royal family who drugged him at dinner, hoping to force him into marriage. But love and romance were currencies he refused to trade. 
After escaping, he encountered a gang on the streets. Unlike back home, these thugs were armed and dangerous. King dealt with them, efficiently, only to be interrupted by Brielle, fresh from class and clutching a stack of books, among them a copy of the "Three Character
Classic." 
Was man inherently good or shaped by his surroundings? King pondered these questions, momentarily distracted by the irony that he and Max were perfect examples of this ancient debate.
He cleaned his gun on his shirt,
expecting Brielle to be horrified by the scene. Instead, she approached, concerned for his well-being. Under the sprawling branches of a century-old tree-a local landmark-King found himself drawn to Brielle, not just for her beauty but for the kindness in her
eyes. 
King was a realist; attachments were liabilities. He considered cutting down the tree, a bizarre solution to a problem of the heart, blaming his sudden affection on the majestic oak rather than admitting his feelings for Brielle. Such was the convoluted logic of a man who had lived in shadows for too long, where even the most innocent connections seemed like threats.
###Chapter 1041
Brielle walked up to him, pulling out a handkerchief and placing it gently in front of him. "Are you hurt?" she asked softly.
Her voice was like music, making him think of flowers blooming. Strange, do flowers actually make a sound when they bloom? Maybe it was just the feeling blossoming in his heart.
When he looked up, he was immediately taken by her eyes, sparkling under the streetlight, making his heart skip a beat. She was stunning, even more so than she had been on stage at Beaconsfield College.
He suddenly remembered - she was the girl who had given him flowers. Her scent was just as unforgettable. Without realizing it, he had even remembered the perfume she wore. His heart pounded uncontrollably, and he felt a nervous excitement. "Are you hurt?" she repeated, concern evident in her voice.
He wasn't injured, but something about her ignited a need inside him. His mom's words flashed through his mind: if a girl looks at you with eyes that shine like stars, she's into you. So, maybe she liked him too.
Without thinking, he kissed her. It was like being under a spell, and he loved every second of it. Was she crying then? In that alley? He couldn't quite remember, only that he felt a strange mix of satisfaction and regret. Being with a woman felt overwhelming.
He lacked restraint and noticed her eyes were red from crying. Regret set in when he realized it might have been her first time. This wasn't how it should've happened. He took her to the villa he had bought, bathed her, and she cried in her sleep like a broken doll. He didn't care; he could afford to keep her, even if she wanted the most iconic building in the city, he could buy it for her.
He truly liked her - every whimper, every glance she gave him. He remembered stealing a glance at her on the podium that year. Max hadn't been moved, but he had been. Yet, he had ruthlessly suppressed that spark of emotion. He didn't need it.
Love was a sickness, curable with
time. Out of sight, out of mind. But the world doesn't work on logic.
Back then, King had quietly buriedet
his feelings, and so had Brielle for Max, knowing the gap between them was too wide. She was rational, like King, and they both killed that budding emotion without hesitation. 
Brielle was like Max, and she was like King. So when King saw that glimmer in her eyes under the tree, it wasn't because Brielle liked him; it was because she recognized him as Max, Spencer's Uncle Max, the man she had once tried to forget. Seeing him that night brought back those buried feelings, but she fought to keep them down, only asking if he was hurt. 
She showed restraint, didn't make a move, yet King was completely smitten. He thought she liked him, but she was really still drawn to Max.
That night was wild. When he woke up to her slapping him, he was confused. Why would she hit him? No one had ever dared to hit him before. He was always feared. What gave her the right?
Anger filled him, and he thought of ways to get back at her. Maybe throw her to the sharks, watch her struggle. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. He was hooked on her scent, her eyes, everything about her.
But then she reported him, saying he had assaulted her. His first visit to the police station, and even the royal family used it as leverage to force him into a bad oil deal. All because of her.
He couldn't let it go. A few days later, he went to her school and found out she was an exchange student from Beaconsfield, top of her class, with many male classmates asking for her contact info.
Having just tasted desire, King
wanted to keep Brielle to himself. If
he loved her, she shouldn't be
exposed to others. Her beauty deserved to be cherished in confinement, like a canary, singing only for him. He vowed to put her in the most exquisite cage and take care of her meticulously. 
###Chapter 1042
"Clang."
The servant's clumsy drop jolted King back to the present from his torrid memories. Honestly, there wasn't much worth reminiscing about-it was just him offering her the world on a silver platter, only for her to keep seeking an escape. Her disdain for him was blatant, hitting him with words as cold and cutting as winter frost. His usual ruthless and calculated demeanor, so effortlessly displayed in front of others, crumbled to pieces in front of her icy-hearted resolve. It wasn't until he found a child abandoned in a dumpster that he realized his colossal mistake. When he first saw her under that tree, the spark in her eyes wasn't for him but for the face he wore. His looks had been deemed among the most enviable by fashion magazines, outshining even the most popular Western celebrities.
Maybe, on that fateful night, her eyes did light up momentarily, but he had mistaken it for affection. It wasn't. But this time, King got it wrong. He was always so sure of everything, except when it came to her, constantly getting it wrong.
It was indeed Brielle's affection, but it was for Max, not him. How could she possibly have feelings for Max, even throwing herself at him? And Max-he didn't resist, succumbing to the moment with clear-headed abandon.
King was filled with intense loathing. He couldn't believe it. Like his mother, he had fallen for someone heartless. He thought coldly, it didn't matter. Unlike his helpless mother, he had power, and there was still time. He could slowly make her realize who she should love. He was willing to teach her, even if it meant through pain and hurt, engraving his affection into her very bones. Maybe one day, he would carve that heartless heart out of her fragile chest. The deeper her love for Max, the more absurd he found it.
The very person who fought to leave
him was now enamored with another aspect of him. Later, when
Brielle and Max headed to Beaconsfield College together, he realized she had been drawn to Max from the start-drawn to that cold, distant facade of a man. So, when they met abroad, the light in her eyes wasn't because of his striking appearance but because she saw
Max, and that was it.
He had been fooling himself all along. What a humiliating realization. Brielle, why couldn't you like me, even just a little?
His schemes in Beaconsfield became even more deranged, vowing to use pain to remind Brielle who could truly protect her. She had always been looking forward to reuniting with her family, hadn't she? So, he decided to eliminate Dustin completely before that reunion could happen.
That led to the standoff between Kenzo and Dustin, guns drawn. At that moment, King was in a state of madness-a jealous lunatic wielding power, wishing to disrupt the entire town of Beaconsfield. Kenzo must have had feelings for Brielle too, his gentleness utterly nauseating.
King despised him, just as he
despised those classmates who confessed to Brielle. So, when Kenzo moved against Dustin, he
deliberately lured Daisy to the scene of their confrontation. Otherwise, how could Daisy, a mere hypocrite, stumble upon Kenzo and Dustin pointing guns at each other?
That night, Daisy hid in the shadows, too terrified to breathe, watching in horror as her usually gentle son confronted Dustin, the CEO of Infinity Brilliance. Unfortunately, Daisy was too weak, fainting shortly after.
King was proud, knowing Daisy
would tell Alivia about Kenzo's
actions. Alivia, already defeated and
begging Jaired for help, would
certainly use this information as a bargaining chip with Jaired. And Jaired, who thrived on chaos would be delighted by the turmoil in Beaconsfield and share the news with Brielle without hesitation. 
See, every step of his plan was perfect. In the end, Brielle would distance herself from Kenzo. He despised every man who came near her, but most of all, he despised Max.
###Chapter 1043
But he never expected Daisy to be that helpless. Nor did he expect to feel just as useless himself.
All he had to do was sit back and let Kenzo deal with Dustin. That way, Brielle would be in agony. She had hurt him deeply, and making her suffer seemed like a fitting reminder. Sometimes, hatred is a kind of memory.
After all, this whole mess wasn't his plan. Kenzo was the one who betrayed Dustin, driven by the shadowy forces behind him.
King reassured himself that all he needed to do was watch. He didn't care about the lives of others, nor did he care about the decades-long schemes of those behind Kenzo. Toying with them, letting them think they had Saudi Arabia in their grip, was amusing. His favorite pastime was watching the self-righteous fall into despair, just like Antonio.
He just wanted Brielle to learn her lesson.
But when the moment came, he couldn't stand to see Dustin die.
He had already intervened to stop the Lynch family from taking Brielle back. If Brielle found out he had stood by while Dustin was in danger, she would never be with him.
He must have been affected by Max, making him indecisive.
That night, Dustin managed to escape. Kenzo's men were close to catching him, but King stepped in.
He had Dustin taken to a small village, where he was found by a woman studying medicine.
After all this, King swore never to do something so foolish again.
He should have dealt with Dustin like he did Daisy, not helping him survive.
When it came to Daisy, he hadn't hesitated for a second.
Even though Daisy had seen everything, her fear stopped her from telling Alivia. Just running into Kenzo sent her into a panic, and she fled.
If Daisy couldn't do her job, she was useless.
That night, he hadn't planned on killing her. He just wanted to pressure her into revealing what she knew, hoping she would tell others.
It was Daisy's last words that sealed her fate.
"I don't know anything. If you have a grudge against Kenzo, go after him," she said, right after getting a card from Kenzo.
Could someone so weak and useless really spill a secret?
He doubted it, so he decided to kill her.
Plus, Daisy's death would make Brielle suspect Kenzo, killing two birds with one stone.
He had always hated that old witch. She had conspired with Martha and always indulged Alivia in hurting Brielle.
If she was useless, why keep her around?
A waste of air.
When he killed her, King even imitated Max's voice.
herio
Daisy was utterly shocked. To her, Max was just a youngster, close t
Martha, and she believed Max would never kill her, especially since they had secrets on Max. 
Discovering her son's true nature had already shattered Daisy's world. To then realize, in her final
moments, that she would die at the hands of someone she had known for years must have been devastating. 
"You're Max."
"How could it be Max?"
"What's your deal, and what's Kenzo's?"
Daisy had so many questions, but she only managed to start a sentence before she died.
King felt nothing over her death.
Afterward, he focused on how to kill Max and take his place by Brielle's side, making sure she wouldn't notice Max's change.
He didn't need to hurry; he had been patient for so long, enduring countless intimate moments between them.
But when Brielle got pregnant, he lost it completely.
Brielle had once thrown away their child I like garbage, yet she cherished Max's child as if it were the mo
precious thing in the world.
belongs to en.kikistoric stat
Why?
Why treat Max's child like a treasure and his like trash?
It wasn't fair.
He was filled with hatred.
He had to take Brielle away, so he rushed his plans.
This haste tipped Max off that something was wrong.
###Chapter 1044
When Brielle got back to the villa, her mind was still a whirlwind of emotions. She was desperate for Max to return, but King was definitely not keen on relinquishing control of their shared body. The big question was whether Max's personality even still existed. Given King Surviving that inferno, probably figuring out Antonio was behind the explosion and that there was a way out down the cliff, was nothing short of miraculous.
was alive, it likely meant Max had taken a severe hit.
Brielle felt torn. To negotiate with King, she needed to find his Achilles' heel. But did King even have one? Their child? She couldn't bear to use the child as leverage, not when he bore such a striking resemblance to Max.
So far, King's only apparent weakness was his past lover, a woman whose face was unknown to anyone but King himself, according to the mansion's staff.
It seemed she had no choice but to get closer to King to uncover the truth. But was King going to give her that chance?
Lost in thought on the couch, Brielle was snapped out of her reverie when Dustin walked in, announcing, "The tracker pinged a new location, then vanished. Must've been Kenzo catching on."
Apart from a brief exchange between Kenzo and the professor, Dustin hadn't uncovered much. The only lead they had was the tracker's last known location.
"You found something, Skylark?" he asked, sitting beside her, his concern palpable.
Brielle wasn't ready to dive into the complexities of dissociative identity disorder, a phenomenon not unheard of in medical circles, with reported cases of individuals hosting up to a dozen personalities. How science explained that was beyond her.
"Bro, where's this new place? I'll go with you," she declared, ready to face whatever came next.
Without hesitation, Dustin shared the location, and they hit the road again.
The place was more secluded than they expected, already swarming with Dustin's people by the time they arrived. Dustin led the way, pushing open the door to reveal a room that sent chills down Brielle's spine-a massive poster of herself hung on the wall. 
Anyone would be creeped out by finding their likeness adorning the wall of a stranger's hideout. Brielle instinctively stepped back, noticing the poster, along with everything else was destroyed. No prizes for guessing Kenzo was behind this mess. 
M
"Look around for any other clues," Dustin instructed his men, who immediately began scouring the room.
Everything there was connected to Brielle-books she'd read, clothes she'd discarded, even the heels she wore at a gala, protected under a glass dome next to a tiara.
Picking up the shoe, she realized the extent of the collector's obsession. This wasn't the work of someone who'd then destroy their own collection. The vandal could only be Kenzo.
The tracker's last known location was here, suggesting Kenzo spent hours wreaking havoc before disappearing.
Brielle's mind raced to the one person who could have amassed such a collection-Myles. The realization that Myles had been collecting items related to her, including that oversized poster, hinted at an unsettling affection. But why? She hardly knew Myles.
Rubbing her temples, Brielle's gaze fell on a bottle of prenatal vitamins half-consumed, along with iron supplements and pregnancy-safe medication, all partially used.
She'd recognized everything else in
the room as hers, from glasses
she'd used at restaurants to personal belongings. She'd thought this place was a shrine of sorts, a collection to satisfy some bizarre obsession of Myles'. 
But these medications? When had she ever taken them?
###Chapter 1045
Brielle stared at the meds in a daze, while the bodyguard kept rummaging around. But aside from the obvious items, there didn't seem to be any hidden secrets in the room. It looked just like a storage space. "This is insane! Is this Kenzo's room?!" Dustin blurted, knowing Kenzo's feelings for his sister and assuming it was his place.
After muttering a few curses, he wanted to comfort Brielle. Anyone would feel weirded out by this.
"It's not his, bro. This is Myles's place, King's double," Brielle corrected.
Dustin squinted and kicked aside some clothes on the floor. A fleeting thought crossed Brielle's mind, but she couldn't pin it down.
"Bro, let's not mess with any of this stuff. Just move it all to my place. Maybe I can find some clues."
As Dustin crouched down, brushing aside a piece of clothing, he found more medication. But this wasn't the usual folic acid; it was for terminating pregnancies, including Mifepristone.
This pack had clearly been tampered with, but not much had been used. Dustin found it strange. If everything in the room was related to Brielle, and these were abortion pills, when had Brielle taken them? A fierce look crossed his eyes. "Did that bastard Max make you take these?" he demanded.
Brielle quickly jumped in to clear it up. "No, he never made me take anything."
Even when they found out the baby couldn't survive, Max's grief was just as intense as hers. Her memory was clear; she remembered not taking such medication. They were so desperate to save the baby back then, taking these pills was out of the question. Could it be that this place held not only her stuff but someone else's, too?
"Bro, just pack everything up and take it to my place for now."
Seeing no further leads, Dustin had no choice but to follow her instructions.
Back in the car, Brielle's mind was still a mess. She forced her eyes shut, but that fleeting insight kept flickering in her brain.
Her run-ins with Myles had always
nět
been brief, and she couldn't tell whether it had been Myles or King she sawn Beaconsfield. Even counting their first meeting at the casino, their total conversation hadn't lasted more than an hour. 
Then there was the kidnapping to the manor, which was clearly King's doing since Max had somehow appeared out of nowhere to rescue her from the fire. This meant King had been at the manor, simply overpowered by Max in terms of body control. 
Other than the kidnapping, her contact with "King" was minimal. Myles, being a top hypnotist, couldn't possibly have those feelings for her.
Where did it all go wrong?
Brielle couldn't figure it out, feeling that the key to everything still lay with King. But the current predicament didn't just involve King; the butler at the Lynch mansion was another puzzle.
Were the butler's backers in league with King? What exactly was the butler planning? She had to get to the bottom of all this.
Back at the villa, the bodyguards worked quickly, soon having everything neatly laid out in the living room. Brielle's sharp memory kicked in. She could recall when she'd last touched some of the items just by seeing them.
For instance, the cup in her hand was from a dinner with Kenzo. The rest were from cafes around Dorsey Tower.
Her gaze settled on a stack of
papers - her first draft of a
senior-year thesis. Her major
required a ton of writing, and from freshman to senior year, she had to churn out several pieces each week. If Myles had indeed been coffecting deliberately, he would've taken her freshman and junior years' work too. 
But he had only taken her senior year's. Brielle had gone abroad for an exchange in her junior year and had started prepping her thesis upon returning. Brielle was too sharp. A quick scan of everything revealed a clue. Most items collected by Myles were from after her exchange year, with very little from before.
This suggested to Brielle that the days following her exchange year held special significance for Myles, or rather, marked the time when he started paying attention to her.
Of course, this was just one of Brielle's theories, and she wasn't entirely sure. The scene had been tampered with by Kenzo, who might have removed some freshman to junior year items, potentially skewing the truth.
###Chapter 1046
As Brielle approached the assortment of medications, a lot of things around the place seemed familiar, except for this particular collection of drugs. She had no recollection of them whatsoever.
Folic acid, a necessity for pregnant women, and mifepristone, used for medical abortions, were an odd pair to find together.
Brielle's head started to ache from all the thinking.
After a night's sleep, she got up for breakfast, still pondering over the matter, but Dustin had already left early.
A few days before, he had paraded Brielle in front of the butler, Seamus, giving the impression that Raymond was not welcoming of his daughter. For the past few days, Seamus had been trying to curry favor with Raymond in Dustin's presence, suggesting that Dustin should pick a fight with Raymond now and then. It would potentially speed up the chances of Seamus making a move.
After all, with Seamus having managed to stay under the radar within the Lynch family for so many years, it was unlikely he would easily show his true colors.
Before leaving, Dustin made a point to tell Brielle, "Don't worry about the Lynch family's affairs. You've been out and about yourself these days, so I guess you must have found some leads. If there's something you want to check out, go ahead, but don't forget to have someone watch your back."
A spark of determination flashed in Brielle's eyes, though she still felt uneasy about Dustin.
Seamus was in cahoots with the professor, and Kenzo was on that side too. Their goals were probably only known to King. In essence, everything traced back to King.
King seemed to despise her now because Max had used his body to date her for a while.
Now that King had taken over and was vaguely aware of those memories, he already had another woman in his heart. He probably couldn't wait to humiliate Brielle thoroughly.
But Brielle was out of options. King was not someone to bow to threats. To uncover the truth, she had to approach him proactively.
Death did not scare Brielle. If he had wanted to kill her, he would have done so already. There was no need to fear his underhanded tactics.
So, at noon, when the sun was at its peak, she visited the villa again.
The same servant opened the door for her.
"Ms. Brielle, can I help you?" the servant asked, her face looking a bit pale, prompting Brielle's concern.
"What's the matter?"
"The master has gone out, and the young master has locked himself in his room, refusing to come down for food. He's been in there since this morning." "Has he done this before?"
"We're not sure. The young master is quite independent. Besides, he's only recently come to stay in this villa and isn't familiar with us yet. He's probably still wary." As Brielle slowly walked forward, gathering information about the young boy, she inquired, "What's his name?"
"Isaac, but the master usually calls him 'Little Cricket'."
Only when he's upset does he call him Isaac by his full name.
The nickname was quite endearing.
Brielle smiled, reaching the villa's entrance when a woman appeared, one she had seen twice before at the main gate.
The woman, evidently a regular visitor, was making herself coffee and raised an eyebrow upon seeing Brielle enter. "Who's this?" she asked.
"The master's friend," the servant replied with respect.
The woman's gaze briefly lingered
elhet
on Brielle before she indifferently looked away, seemingly
disinterested. "Where has King gone off to now?" 
"He left early this morning," the servant answered.
The servant then led Brielle to the sofa, asking her what she would like to drink.
Meanwhile, the woman with the coffee sat back down on the couch, her gaze scrutinizing Brielle.
"Thank you, but I won't have anything," Brielle declined with a smile.
The servant proceeded to the kitchen, returning with a tray, mably to continue her a
Isaac upstairs. Contempt
The woman stood up, taking the tray from her.
"Little Cricket causing trouble again? I'll take it to him. He won't eat anything you guys bring him."
A look of relief flashed across the servant's face.
"Ms. Kailee, thank you for your help."
Kailee smiled, "Little Cricket's issues are my own. I hope to build a good relationship with him, especially since I'm going to be his mother." 
An awkward expression appeared on the servant's face, who remained silent.
With that statement, Kailee turned her attention to Brielle.
"Make sure our guest here is well taken care of."
She positioned herself as the lady of the house, emphasizing Brielle's status as a guest.
###Chapter 1047
Brielle didn't say much until she made her way upstairs. Once there, she turned to the housekeeper and asked, "Who might that be?"
Surely, she couldn't be the woman King once liked. This one seemed way too eager, unlike the one who left voluntarily.
"She's a friend of the master," the housekeeper said, not offering anything more.
Brielle nodded and decided to wait for King to return. Instead of chasing after the truth elsewhere, she figured it was better to stay close to him.
Meanwhile, King was sitting at a table, propping his head up with one hand. Across from him was an elderly man named Ronald, who had followed King to North America after stabilizing affairs in Saudi Arabia. King's face was hidden behind a mask, a clear sign of his guarded nature. Ronald, with his sharp eyes, knew better than to try and peek. The mask was sacred, and he wasn't about to test King's fiery temper. Ronald had once schemed against another royal, causing her downfall-a fact King seemed to overlook. After all, King had been just a kid at the time, and his focus was now on power, leaving him unaware of Ronald's betrayal of his mother. Feeling a bit smug, Ronald thought King's naivety worked in his favor. "King, according to our plan, it's time to target the Lynch family. Dustin's too smart to be brainwashed-he's a dead end. But Brielle, she's their weak spot, and we can use that." Ronald's words hung in the air as King swirled his glass of red wine, pondering. "Ronald, you've been a mentor to me in the Dorsey family. Even though I haven't returned to our Saudi roots, your high standing in the family means I should listen to you."
Despite being exiled from the Dorsey
family for his treachery, King had never reconnected with his maternal side, holding onto a sliver of mercy because of his mother's good relations with the family. Ronald chuckled to himself, thinking King was foolish for not delving into the family's old grudges. 
But Ronald knew he couldn't challenge King outright, given his own shaky position.
"King, with Max out of the picture, it's time to settle old scores. If you want to torment him beyond the grave, targeting his beloved Brielle would do the trick. She was head over heels for Max. By capturing her and using the Lynch family, the diamond mines could be yours, leaving Max restless in his afterlife. Two birds, one stone." 
King's lips curled into a sly smile as he thought of an even more twisted plan. "Ronald, your idea has merit, but humiliating Max directly sounds better. Imagine making Brielle fall for me-the agony it would cause him. Placing his photo in front of us as I take his woman would be far more satisfying, don't you think?" 
Ronald, knowing full well King's extreme and sometimes perverse thinking, didn't care as long as Brielle became a pawn in their game.
"This approach works too. As long as the Lynch family knows Brielle is under our control, they'll hesitate to act. Seamus is already busy poisoning Raymond against Dustin. If we can turn father and son against each other in the Lynch family, taking control of them will be a
piece of cake."
###Chapter 1048
"King, I'm just looking out for you, as someone who's been around the block a few more times. Everything I've done, it's for your own good." Ronald added that last bit, hoping to keep King on track with their plan to capture Brielle.
It was strange, really. They had been plotting for years, and by all accounts, things should've been running smoothly. They had someone in Beaconsfield to keep an eye on Brielle, planning to get rid of her permanently. But, by some twist of fate, Brielle survived. After that, they found trying to brainwash Dustin to be a Herculean task. The guy was a bit of an airhead, never holding a grudge over his parents' fondness for his sister, and was especially careful about what he consumed. Forget slipping something into his drink; he wouldn't even drink water unless it was under his direct supervision.
Dustin might have seemed carefree, but he was inherently cautious, making it impossible for them to find an opening, thus setting them back considerably.
They eventually realized they couldn't just off Brielle. If Dustin remained an unsolvable puzzle, then Brielle could be leveraged as the Lynch family's Achilles' heel. As long as they had her, they could still threaten the Lynch family.
However, things started to go downhill about five years ago, around the time Brielle was in her junior year of college when she went abroad. Assuming she wouldn't stir up much trouble as an exchange student, they paid no mind to her overseas endeavors.
From that point on, it felt like there was always some unseen force working against them. Initially, Ronald suspected King, but after testing the waters a few times, it was clear King couldn't care less about Ronald's schemes.
If it wasn't King, they chalked it up to bad luck. Then there was Brielle suddenly getting close to Max, who kept her under tight surveillance, throwing more wrenches into their plans.
Brielle's return to the Lynch family was a significant oversight on their part. If King could take action now, it wouldn't be too late.
King stood up and set his wine glass down.
"Ronald, leave Brielle to me. I've already dealt with Max. Like I said, I'm not interested in your little schemes. Just stay out of my way, and let me handle my vendetta against Max."
He had already made it clear that his so-called revenge involved making Brielle fall for him. So, Brielle had to stay alive.
After leaving the room, King looked out into the evening sky and coughed, feeling the need to change his bandages.
Back at the villa, he found Brielle dozing off on the couch, having waited all afternoon without eating anything. The servant started to greet him but was silenced with a gesture. 
He went upstairs to take off his coat, then headed to the indoor pool. Shirtless, the burn scars from a fire stretched visibly across his arm, healing poorly due to negligence over the past few months, some areas still inflamed. 
Just as he was about to dive in, Brielle's voice stopped him in his tracks.
"Your wound won't heal if you keep getting it wet."
King paused, wrapping himself in a robe instead and opting to recline on a nearby deck chair.
The sight of his injury reminded
Brielle of the fire; Max had held up a beam with that very arm, allowing her to escape. The burn stretched from his shoulder to his elbow, a testament to the pain he must have endured. 
She took a deep breath, sitting at the edge of the pool, the water illuminated brightly. The chair King sprawled on seemed tailor-made for him, his mask still concealing his face. Brielle was only a few meters away.
"If you keep getting that wound wet, it won't heal next month either."
"It sounds like you're worried about me, but I guess it's Max you're actually concerned about."
A smirk played at the corners of his mouth as he removed his mask. Brielle's gaze shifted away from his face to the water, unable to hide her reaction.
###Chapter 1049
King's mood soured visibly as he stood up and closed the distance between them. He grasped Brielle's chin, turning her face towards him.
Brielle had a stubborn streak that often left people at a loss.
In that moment, as King stared into her eyes, he remembered the first time he'd noticed her at Beaconsfield College, standing out even from the lecture podium.
When they met again under that old oak tree, her eyes seemed to say everything - both the spoken and the unspoken.
Whenever she fixed those piercing eyes on something, it made you want to get it for her, no questions asked.
Their eyes locked, and neither of them spoke.
Unexpectedly, King softened, dropping his hand to his side. "Put some ointment on it."
Brielle thought she'd misheard him. When he repeated himself, she frowned, thinking about refusing. But remembering how he got that injury, she couldn't bring herself to say no. When the servant brought the first aid kit, she opened it and immediately grabbed the antiseptic.
The burn hadn't been properly treated; it was red and inflamed.
With a large cotton swab, Brielle carefully applied the antiseptic, then found some cream.
As she applied the cream, she noticed him flinch slightly. Her thoughts drifted to Max's words.
If they couldn't be together, he hoped she'd lead a safe and peaceful life.
Patrick had also mentioned that Max talked about the stock distribution of Dream Tech Designs, like he was preparing a will.
But back then, nothing had happened yet. Why had Max felt his life was in danger?
Was it Michael's medication?
But Max had been on Michael's medication for years.
As Brielle focused on the burn, she couldn't help but blow on it gently, causing his skin to goosebump.
King's Adam's apple bobbed, his eyes darkened.
She heard his voice from behind her.
"During the time around your pregnancy, Max always disappeared, always on the phone, like he was planning something. Did he sense your presence then?" 
King raised an eyebrow, turning to face her. Even now, she managed to piece all the details together.
"Do you want me to answer your question?"
His fingertip lingered at her chest, popping the first button. The unspoken agreement was clear; answers came with a price.
Brielle bit her lip, her eyelashes quivering as they closed. "Yes."
The first button came undone. "Then my answer is also one word, 'yes.""
Brielle caught her breath, keeping her eyes shut. "So, Max knew something was happening to him, but he was clueless about you until new the final stage when he finally sensed your presence?" 
As she finished her question, she felt warm breath on her neck. He was teasing her, his lips never touching her skin, just the hot breath causing a shiver. 
He was like a wolf, choosing the best angle to strike his prey.
The second button was undone. Brielle wanted to retreat but found herself caught by his arm around her waist.
"Actually, he sensed it before he went to Wall Street, but he wasn't interested in delving deeper."
"Is he dead?"
Asking this, Brielle opened her eyes, looking deep into his. The temperature around them seemed to drop.
All her previous questions were merely a buildup to this final one.
King felt the pain of the burn flare up again, spreading to his heart. He stood up, tying the robe around him, and made to leave swiftly.
Brielle also rose, this time following him. "You can do whatever you want if you answer this question for me."
King stopped, then grabbed her wrist, pulling her into another room. This room was dimly lit, but its luxurious decor was evident.
She was thrown onto the soft bed before she could react, her jacket torn open, the remaining buttons scattering across the floor with a crisp sound.
###Chapter 1050
"Anything at all?"
King repeated her words, his eyes raking over her, a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth as he leaned in closer. "Really anything?"
Brielle was frozen, but remembering why she was here, she bit her lip and nodded.
"Yes."
All she wanted was to know if Max was still alive. If he wasn't, her own life felt meaningless; nothing mattered anymore.
King seemed to catch onto her thoughts, his breath hitching for a moment. For a split second, he genuinely wanted to strangle her. His hands found their way to her neck, tightening instinctively.
Yet, Brielle didn't even blink. She stared right at him, maybe recalling the sweet moments they once shared, her cheeks tinged with a soft blush.
In front of Max, she'd always been a bit shy, no matter how many times they'd been close. His face, those gentle eyes, always took her breath away.
But now, those familiar eyes were filled with complexity and anger. He looked like he wanted to tear her apart, to drag Max back from the dead and punish him over and over.
As his grip on her neck tightened, she stubbornly held his gaze.
Finally, King let go, his hand trailing down before pulling back. He didn't touch her, just left her hanging there.
She should be grateful that he was calmer now, not like before when he would have kept her by his side against her will.
Realizing this, she saw the frustration in his eyes as he pulled away from her.
Instinctively, she reached out to grab him, "Wait-"
But before she could finish, King pushed her away.
Right. He wasn't like this before. How did he change so suddenly? He used to be forceful, making sure she enjoyed it regardless.
Like that time at the Dorsey estate, by his nature, he should have finished Antonio off, but he didn't.
Because Max had influenced him. Up till now, Max hadn't shed any Dorsey blood. So, in the moment of killing Antonio, Max's mindset had swayed him. Not finishing the job led to severe consequences.
King snapped back to reality, realizing he couldn't let Max's ways shape him anymore. He was in control now, and he had to act on his own terms. Turning back to Brielle, who sat on the bed, hair slightly messy and cheeks flushed against her pale skin, he felt a surge of frustration.
He scoffed, flicked off the lights, and pushed her back onto the bed.
This time, he wasn't just teasing.
"Look at me!"
His voice was cold as he held her chin, stopping her from moving.
Brielle's palms were sweaty with tension, and in the dim light, they could only see each other's eyes.
King hesitated no longer, kissing her deeply while his hands roamed freely.
But Brielle was regretting it, she was scared.
Despite telling herself that this was Max,
belon this body and face
belonged to him, just his darker side, she couldn't accept it when it came down to it. 
She tried to pull away but was caught by the ankle.
"It's too late for regrets now."
King's voice was low, as if he was suppressing something.
"Max!"
Brielle called out, suddenly reaching forward to hug the man in front of her.
King froze for a moment before fury took over again.
So, even now, she was thinking of another man.
He bit into her neck hard, tasting blood.
Brielle winced, her body trembling uncontrollably.
Feeling the dampness on his shoulder, King realized she was crying.
Annoyed and frustrated, he pushed her away, grabbed a blanket, and threw it over her before storming out.
Brielle kicked at the blanket, and by the time she pulled it off her head, the room was empty.
He had stopped himself after all.
King lit a cigarette, glancing at himself in the hallway mirror.
His bathrobe hung loosely, a
cigarette between his fingers, Max's face flushed with desire, his eyes
gleaming with dangerous allure.
He scoffed and headed downstairs, just as a servant reported that Ms. Kailee was there, spending time with the young master.
King paused, silently smoking.
By the time he finished his cigarette, the grand hall was empty. He
glanced at his pale, slender hal
and clenched his fist. 
###Chapter 1051
Indeed, he was in control of this body, but the way Brielle had called out just now had his soul trembling.
Max wasn't dead, merely in a deep slumber.
And to think, he believed he was gone for good. So, was he that smitten with Brielle? Even in his sleep, in the midst of recovery, he seemed desperate to reunite with her.
Getting rid of Max proved far too complicated. If Max faced true death, he too would find himself staring down the same fate.
The fire had only weakened him.
King lit another cigarette, his aura of brutality sweeping from his head down to his very hair in an instant.
Being the same person, just with differing personalities, why did Max win her affection while he got nothing? How was that fair?
Well, if that's the case, then nobody gets to have it easy.
He leaned back, his Adam's apple moving sensuously as he crushed the cigarette between his fingers.
Timing Brielle's expected arrival downstairs, he called over Kailee.
Kailee had a thing for him, or she wouldn't have followed him all the way from Saudi Arabia to North America.
Coming from the well-regarded Sanchez family in North America, she had met King during a visit to Saudi Arabia. Despite never having seen King's face, her pursuit was relentless. Now, she even sacrificed her dignity, frequently visiting to see little Isaac, proving her determination.
Having known King for so long without so much as holding hands, and receiving nothing but coldness from him, Kailee found solace in winning over Isaac. Thankfully, the boy took quite well to her. Aside from King, Isaac listened to her the most.
She didn't forget to regularly diminish the woman who had abandoned him in Isaac's presence.
"Little cricket, did your daddy ever tell you where that woman is now?"
Isaac, naturally slow to grasp emotions and struggling to speak a full sentence, didn't really pick up on Kailee's instigation, thinking she was merely making conversation. "Dead, daddy said."
Kailee's eyes lit up. She hadn't heard about the woman's demise, but the thought of King having a child with someone who so heartlessly left him irked her.
King was a catch, and that woman's inability to see it was her loss.
Kailee wasn't fond of Isaac, given he was another woman's child, but winning him over was essential.
"Little cricket, must be hard, never having seen your mommy. But don't worry, I'll always be here for you."
Her eyes gleamed with triumph as she took his hand.
"Imagine, if I became your mommy, wouldn't you be happy?"
Isaac only showed emotion with King. At Kailee's words, his brows furrowed slightly, and he beckoned his leopard closer.
The leopard, graceful in its approach, came to his side, flicking its tail.
Isaac hugged its neck, nuzzling affectionately.
"Noir, mommy."
Kailee failed to grasp his meaning, only to hear Isaac continue.
"Mommy, mommy, Noir is mommy."
Kailee's face darkened instantly.
Cursed by his secluded upbringing in the castle, Isaac had seen no one but KingBefore arriving here, lacking most basic understanding
even
the
that human mothers were, in fact, human, not animals of a different species. 
Unable to clarify right then, Kailee wished she could eliminate the leopard.
But the leopard, ferocious to outsiders, could be horrific in its true nature without Isaac.
Daring not to provoke it, Kailee tried another tactic.
"But Noir can't talk to you, I can. Your daddy's hardly around, you need someone to look after you."
Isaac released the leopard.
"No need, to talk."
That effectively shut down anything Kailee hoped to say.
Frustrated Kailee seized the
moment when a servant informed her that the master was summoning her, ber eyes lighting up as she hurried downstairs. 
Isaac remained in the room, patting Noir's head lovingly.
The leopard, adoring him, nestled close, occasionally rolling about like a domestic cat.
Isaac smiled, his thoughts drifting to the Australian he'd seen a few times.
Beautiful.
Just like Noir.
Eyes sparkling.
Meanwhile, Kailee reached the living room, her heart skipping a beat, at the sight of the masked man on the sofa. 
swno!
Could this be the night something happens between her and King?
If only she'd gone for a beauty treatment that morning.
Regretting her lack of preparation, she excitedly sat beside him, her cheeks flushing.
"King, are you—"
Before she could finish, the man abruptly pulled her close.
At the same moment, Brielle arrived at the stairway, her gaze narrowing at the scene before her.
###Chapter 1052
Kailee wasn't paying attention to anything else. She stretched out her arms, trying to wrap them around King's neck for a hug.
Brielle took a sharp breath, her knuckles turning white as she gripped the armrest. What was he planning to do? What did he intend with Max's body?
King raised an eyebrow slightly, a smirk forming on his lips. He shrugged off Kailee, straightened his suit, and then stood up, heading upstairs.
Kailee didn't notice Brielle. Her gaze followed King to the second floor, but Brielle had already retreated into the shadows. Kailee's cheeks flushed as she got up, intending to wrap her arms around King's waist, only to hear him say, "You can go back now." Kailee paused, feeling as if her soaring spirits had been slapped back to the ground. But she couldn't give up, not when there had been a hint of progress after all these years. She decided to stay right there, waiting until he came down.
Meanwhile, King had already reached the second floor, standing beside Brielle. He spoke in a low voice, deliberately distinguishing it from Max's tone. "This mansion is under surveillance. I'm not in the habit of putting on a show in front of others, but you can head to the room filled with cameras we used last time. You should be able to see from the footage."
Brielle's breathing became erratic, her anxiety causing her to grasp his hand. "This is Max's body!"
King leaned lazily against the railing, his slender fingers tapping on the cold pillar, his voice light and carefree. "It's mine too. You resist me, but others don't. What am I to do? I can only seek other women. Just not sure how Max would feel if he ever comes back. Could he handle it?" He withdrew his hand, pulling out a lighter, and with a flick of his thumb, a flame burst forth. Brielle knew King was pressuring her. His tactics were always like this, succinct yet precisely calculated to hit where it hurt the most. Her reaction had hurt him, so he conjured up this scene to disgust her.
Downstairs, Kailee was growing impatient, almost wishing she could strip down right there and tie this man to her. She wanted to go up and see what was happening but was held back, urged to keep her cool. Kailee was desperate, feeling this was the closest she had ever been to King, and she couldn't let this opportunity slip through her fingers.
Upstairs, Brielle took a deep breath and reached out to grasp his wrist. King paused, surprised. This was the first time she ever initiated contact with him in all the time he had known her. The hostility in him softened.
Whenever she had seen him before,
дне
she treated him like trash, nothing but disdain and contempt. Even after forgetting those incidents, her eyes were always wary of him. She had never made the first move. He recalled carefully and realized there had been one other instance, but it was just a ploy to escape. That had deeply wounded him.
This kind of initiative, it was a first. Even though he knew she had an ulterior motive. He looked at her pale hand, his gaze softening. He wasn't that difficult to appease, after all.
Back in the room, Brielle took the initiative to close the door behind them. King, with all the time in the world, crossed his arms and leaned against the wall, curious about the tricks she might play. He wouldn't be so easily swayed this time. He wouldn't let Max's presence affect him.
If she wanted to persuade him not to pursue that woman, she would have to at least kiss him once. Thinking this, he lowered his head. Probably two kisses would do.
But her first question was, "You said Max might come back, do you also feel that he's not dead?"
King's smile froze, and the hostility within him surged once more. He looked at the face filled with concern before him, but those eyes, looking at him, were actually searching for someone else. If Brielle simply disliked him, he wouldn't mind. But her love for Max was something he found unbearable. 
He turned and pulled the door open. "Maybe I should go to her. At least when she's in bed with me, she won't be thinking of someone else."
Brielle's hands wrapped around his waist, her head resting against his back. "Don't."
"Brielle, don't you think you're being selfish?" He looked down at her hands, covering them with his own. "You resist me touching you e
because in your eyes, I and Max are two different people. You feel guilty towards him. So, I'll follow your wishes, treating me and him as separate individuals. Since we are two different people, you have no right to stop me from touching someone else, right?" 
He chuckled, gently prying her hands away.
###Chapter 1053
Brielle suddenly found herself speechless, a shadowy part of her heart exposed in the light of love. Because in love, everyone's a bit selfish.
She remembered, a bit too late, how King had always indulged her. She could come and go from the casinos as she pleased, no one stopping her. She could wander in and out of this place, and still, no one dared to intervene. He still wanted her. Was it disgust or affection? How could he feel anything for her when he had once loved someone so deeply? Could it be that being in Max's body was influencing his feelings?
Her mind was a whirlwind, and without thinking, she reached out and grabbed his sleeve. Her forced sweetness triggered a flood of memories for King.
He recalled how Brielle had tricked him into signing a six-month oil contract, leading him to her school, where he found her tutoring another male student. The tutoring was casual; a few words from her, and the other student seemed to grasp everything immediately. King had watched from outside the window, later asking around about her grades. He found out that the teachers adored her and that her exotic beauty made her incredibly popular. This irked him. This beautiful bird should hide her dazzling feathers and stay confined to his room.
That day, Brielle stayed late at school, and for the first time, King showed unusual patience as he waited for her. She walked past him, clutching her books, but this time without her copy of the "Three Character Classic."
He grabbed her roughly, one hand around her neck and the other at her waist. "Calling the police? You've got some nerve," he said, his frustration needing an outlet.
Brielle froze, surprised by his sudden
appearance. How are you okay?"
.n
she asked, believing that, given her status as a student from a prestigious university, the police would have taken her report more seriously. 
King found her naivety maddeningly charming. Some people, he thought, existed solely to trample the law.
But her innocence was intoxicating.
Unable to move, she faced the wall, her voice trembling slightly as she warned him not to cross the line.
King rested his chin on herder,
inhaling her scent, his gaze fixed on
her flushed ears. Delicious.
He chuckled, momentarily considering how Max might be oblivious to her allure, his mind always wrapped around algorithms and data. King whispered in her neck, watching her stiffen. "Feeling something?"
Brielle bit her lip, wishing she could
kick him to the curb. But with her neck and waist restrained, she couldn't turn to face him, and her
upbringing prevented her from net
cursing him out loud. She managed
ор
a feeble insult, tinged with
tears. "Jerk, beast." 
Hearing her quivering voice, King felt a surge of heat. "Brielle, right? The good student?" he mocked.
To Brielle, "good student" sounded like a taunt. Young and previously overwhelmed by him, she tried to appear calm. But as his hand moved lower, her voice shook with fear. "Don't you dare."
To King, her indignation was like an aphrodisiac. She was so pure, so untainted. He wanted to corrupt her.
###Chapter 1054
"Too much? What do you even mean by that? Explain it to me," he said, his voice laced with mock curiosity.
King realized he had a knack for getting under women's skin. Just a few words and they were often left speechless with rage. The more upset they got, the more entertained he felt.
Brielle was experiencing her first trip abroad. She had always been so careful around the Haywood family, living as if she was walking on eggshells to avoid displeasing anyone. She was, as King mockingly pointed out, the perfect student-rigid, rule-abiding, never straying off the path.
Maybe there was a moment at Beaconsfield College when she thought about stepping out of line, but she quickly corrected herself. Now, faced with this situation abroad, she was utterly unprepared. How could a bookworm like her possibly stand up to someone like him? She was left speechless.
King found her struggle amusing. The more defiant she became, the more intriguing she was to him. When he first saw her, she had this icy demeanor, like a flower perched high on a branch, unattainable. Now, that facade was starting to crack. "Why so quiet, Ms. Perfect? Thinking of calling the cops? Have you thought about the consequences?"
At this point, Brielle was too young, too inexperienced, easily provoked by his taunts. But she knew that engaging with him would only make things worse. She turned to face the wall, her voice softening into a plea. "Max, please, don't do this."
King stiffened, then chuckled. "So, you do remember my name."
A wave of unspoken joy washed over him. She was becoming more appealing by the second. Pulling her close, he suggested, "An exchange student, huh? How about attending your classes online from now on? Spend the rest of your time with me." Brielle's heart skipped a beat. She tried to stay calm and even attempted to dial for help with one hand, but King quickly seized her hand and snatched her phone away. He held her tight, nibbling at her neck.
"Come with me, I'll give you whatever you want."
He was relieved that Max hadn't interfered at this point. If Max had woken up to find himself holding a woman, it might have spelled the end for her. Max was unromantic, unlike him.
Brielle remained silent, realizing she was no match for him.
"Max, I'm Brielle, Spencer's fiancée," she tried to reason with him, but King merely raised an eyebrow and chuckled softly.
"Ah, is that so? Makes it even more interesting."
The bastard. Pervert. Brielle cursed internally, both angry and powerless. A pain shot through the back of her neck, and her world went dark. She passed out.
When she woke up, she was in a
lofty castle, isolated from the rest of
the world, unable to escape. Her clothes had been changed, leaving her feeling uncomfortable all over. She tried to reach out to the outside world, but it was futile; she'd been cut off from any communication. 
He was serious, intent on keeping her in this luxurious cage. What Brielle despised most was being diverted from her chosen path against her will. Yet, she was puzzled. Why had Max changed so drastically? Wasn't he supposed to be aloof and distant, disliking the company of women? It made no
sense to her. 
As she pondered, the door opened. King entered, holding a mask, a chill surrounding him. Yet, upon seeing her, a smile curled on his lips.
"Little Canary, come here."
These past few days, he hadn't
called her by her name, seemingly pleased with this new nickname. Every time Brielle heard footsteps outside, she wished she could just hide away. But the room's lavish decor left no room for concealment, not even the wardrobe.
He drew her close, inhaling deeply as if she were the most fascinating creature, before finally letting go.
"Missed me these past few days? Angry?"
It was all Max's fault, waking up suddenly and nearly blowing his cover. Thankfully, he managed to keep his secret, with Max still oblivious to his existence. Holding her in his arms, he felt utterly content.
By now, Brielle had figured him out; his moods were as changeable as the weather, and he could be downright eerie. But as long as she played along, he remained placated.
###Chapter 1055
She thought she had him all figured out, so she made a bold request.
"Let's get this over with in one go," she said, longing to return to her normal life.
No sooner had the words left her lips than he tossed aside his mask, grabbed her, and threw her onto the bed.
"All at once?" His voice was cold. "Seems I've been too gentle with you."
Terrified, Brielle scrambled to the far side of the bed, but his grip on her ankle was firm, leaving her unable to move.
It was then she realized the violent streak hidden beneath his charming facade. Unreasonable. Terrifying.
Sensing her fear, King softened his demeanor and pressed a kiss to her lips. "Stay close to me, Little Canary."
Brielle remained silent, passively accepting everything he imposed on her. He did whatever he pleased, showering her with gifts that felt more like shackles. If she refused, his temper exploded.
Diamonds, jewelry, designer handbags-every morning, she woke to find them piled around her. True to his word, he was keeping her like a caged bird. But none of it made her happy; it wasn't what she wanted. New faces arrived at the castle, and cries echoed through the hallways. From upstairs, Brielle overheard his command. "Make it clean."
He meticulously wiped his fingertips with a handkerchief, as if avoiding contamination. Outside, the mournful wails and muffled gunshots filled the air. He wanted her to witness the consequences of disobedience firsthand.
He noticed her watching from the balcony and casually tossed his handkerchief aside. A bodyguard dutifully picked it up and left the room. He beckoned her, like calling a pet.
Reluctantly, Brielle descended the stairs. As she approached, he pulled her into his arms. Instinctively, she wanted to resist, but the memory of those men stopped her cold.
Satisfied, he held her tighter, lifting her hand to scrutinize it. "Soft and delicate. Don't be like the others."
His tone was so casual, as if the lost lives meant nothing to him.
Back home, Brielle had been
focused on her studies, eager for her parents' approval. Abroad, she
aimed to impress her professors and secure a position at Dorsey International, where competition was fierce and only the best vy League graduates were admitted.
But now, with the CEO of Dorsey International himself towering over her with a starkly different demeanor, her dreams shattered. She longed to be as far away from him as possible.
"A good student, scared stiff?" He loved calling her that, and "Little Canary both names dripping with mockery, making her skin crawl. But silence would only lead to harsher punishment. 
She regretted asking about his well-being that night. Had she known it would lead to this, she would have kept her distance.
But it was undeniable; he had a way with women. Others might have succumbed to his looks and lavish
gifts, seeing nothing wrong shi
being with him. After all, isn't life
about improving your
circumstances? 
To many, Max was a ladder to the heavens, an opportunity beyond mere hard work. Yet, Brielle was terrified of him, a powerful madman.
"Those men earlier, they disobeyed. Their heads were the first to go. Don't follow their example."
Sensing her fear, he pulled her closer, smugly satisfied. "As long as you obey, I'll give you anything you want."
###Chapter 1056
Brielle didn't want anything anymore.
She used to have a clear goal: ace her exams, outshine everyone, and get into Dorsey International. But now, everything was in shambles. With her life turned upside down and an engagement looming over her, what would the Dorsey family think if they found out? And
what about the Haywoods? She couldn't even bring herself to imagine the fallout.
Back when she was struggling to make ends meet, all she wanted was a full stomach and warm clothes. Once she was taken back to the Haywood family, her desires became simpler still: to make her parents proud. "What's on your mind?"
A hand grasped her chin, forcing her to turn her head. Her earlobe felt the soft pressure of a kiss.
"Thinking about how to leave?"
The temperature in the room seemed to drop with those words. Terrified, Brielle couldn't move. "No, I swear," she protested hastily.
But he didn't believe her. He pulled her into his arms and pinned her down on the couch. That night, she was nearly driven to fainting from his torment.
He seemed genuinely worried she might try to escape, so in the days that followed, he made her witness the gruesome fate of traitors. Having lived a sheltered life, Brielle had never seen such brutality-worse than anything on TV. Life seemed as cheap as paper. After several days of these horror shows, she lost her appetite and became significantly thinner. He even brought in a doctor, who diagnosed her with malnutrition. His face turned red with embarrassment.
It was shameful for him. He'd taken great care of her, yet she was malnourished. He stayed in the mansion, making sure she ate three meals a day. After eating, he would insist on "aiding digestion" by engaging her in other activities.
But Brielle couldn't get past her internal struggle. She loathed the control he had over her life, and her mental state deteriorated daily. That's when Myles appeared, hired to be her hypnotherapist.
He was the only outsider she had seen, and she saw in him a glimmer of hope for escape.
Fast forward to the present, in the dark room with just the two of them. King snapped out of his thoughts, curious about her next move. She was clutching his sleeve, indecisive.
A flicker of sadness crossed his eyes, a momentary pain that seemed to tug at his heart. Why couldn't it be him? Why wasn't he enough?
He needed to find a way to completely eliminate Max, to take full control so that Brielle would lose all hope of Max's return. Since Max was still somewhere within him, weak as he might be, he needed a plan to ensure Max would never awaken. For instance, by sleeping with his woman-could Max's fragile spirit handle that blow?
King smirked coldly, but before he could react, his lips were captured in a kiss. His pupils dilated slightly, his hands freezing in the air as Brielle wrapped her arms around his neck, her eyes tightly shut. Every pore in her body repelled what she was doing, but she knew she had to do this. 
The kiss deepened from a peck to something more intense. She wasn't very skilled at it, quickly dominated by him. King wrapped his arms around her waist, securing her rin his embrace. Hadn't he scared her into learning this many times? Yet her
u
technique remained clumsy.
He felt a perverse satisfaction, thinking perhaps he could let Max live a moment longer. Let Max see how the woman he loved was trying to please him.
Brielle only managed a minute before pulling away. Her gaze fell on his face. His reaction wasn't overly dramatic, but the storm in his eyes was undeniable. He felt something for her, just like Max.
Brielle felt a tinge of guilt, wanting to use his feelings to bring Max back. Love is selfish; she couldn't blame herself. It was his fault for not being Max. She suppressed her inner conflict, not just with King, but with herself too.
Had it been any other time, she
would never have considered using someone's feelings-it was too despicable. But no one else was in her shoes, unable to fully empathize with her plight. She just didn't want totese Max. She was haunted by the fire, by the child she lost 
Was it so wrong to want Max back?
If Max was still within him, seeing her kiss another should provoke some reaction, right?
###Chapter 1057
King gazed at her, his heart a storm of emotions. He knew the game she was playing, the tricks she had up her sleeve, and that this was a trap. Yet, he willingly stepped right into it.
"Good student? Little Canary?" he called out, gently cupping her face.
Brielle blinked, puzzled by his sudden use of nicknames.
But catching the look of fondness in his eyes, she quickly realized he was seeing someone else through her.
Too smart for her own good and a bit slow on the uptake with emotions, Brielle mistakenly thought King fancied someone who resembled her, maybe someone like Annie, or another. She figured he was looking at her but seeing someone else. To King, she was just a stand-in.
This realization somewhat lightened the emotional load on her shoulders.
If he saw her as a stand-in, she could do the same with him. Fair's fair.
"Okay."
She murmured her agreement, and then he pinned her to the bed. "Remember something?"
Brielle wasn't quite sure what he meant, but she knew better than to contradict him when he was in one of his moods.
"A bit," she replied.
A spark lit up in his eyes as he leaned down to her neck, chuckling softly. "Is that so."
Brielle stared at the dim ceiling, feeling a strange sense that he wasn't as fierce as she thought.
Pet him the right way, and he was quite easy to appease.
Like a large wolf nuzzling at her neck, a gesture Max had also done before.
Thinking back on her times with Max, she realized he had his mean streaks too.
Like how he enjoyed seeing her flustered, or ducking his gaze, vulnerable as a hedgehog exposing its soft belly, always eliciting his gentle laughter.
A shiver ran through Brielle, her gaze complicated as she watched the man at her neck.
They were different, yet not so different.
King's mean streak just ran deeper than Max's.
He was not Max.
Brielle pulled her gaze away, refusing to soften towards him. If she did, Max would never make a comeback.
King, who had plotted so much in Beaconsfield to keep the Lynch family from finding her, deserved to disappear for his selfish brutality.
A warm trail of kisses moved down her neck.
Brielle felt her toes curl as they were gently held and kissed, sending shivers down her spine.
She wanted to kick him away, but he caught her ankle.
It was too late for regrets now.
She closed her eyes, convincing herself it was Max's touch, their intimacy nothing new.
"I like you."
The words whispered in her ear were soon sealed with a firm kiss, stealing her breath away.
She braced herself for what was next, but then there was a knock at the door.
Her eyelashes fluttered; King, too, struggled, sweat dripping from his brow to her cheek.
A childish voice came from outside.
"Daddy, I'm hungry, Noir is too."
King's Adam's apple bobbed, his forehead veins nearly popping, his body taut as a poised wolf.
Brielle expected him to ignore the interruption, focused solely on his own pleasure.
But he stopped, pulling a blanket over her before lazily tying a robe around his waist.
Opening the door, he crouched to meet Isaac.
"Haven't had dinner?"
Isaac clung to a leopard's head, Noir looking quite cooperative.
Noticing his dad's flushed face and soft eyes, Isaac furrowed his small brow. "Hungry, daddy, didn't eat."
King massaged his brow, tempted to scold but softened at the sight of his son, barely reaching his knee, remembering the hefty price paid to save the boy. 
"What do you want to eat?"
"Pasta."
Isaac glanced around the room, spotting the bulge on the bed.
"Daddy, a woman."
Brielle curled up under the blanket, the spacious bed offering no hiding place from the embarrassing intrusion akin to a couple caught by their child in a compromising position. That kind of
Элох
embarrassment was something only parents could understand. 
Especially since she wasn't the child's mother. In his eyes, was
any different from those tryin she
seduce his dad? Content t belongs to FindNovel
###Chapter 1058
King gently ruffled Isaac's hair, his mood light enough to bring a faint smile to his lips.
"Go ahead and eat. I'll be down soon."
Isaac scanned the room one more time, then nodded slightly. Once the child and the sleek panther had left, King shut the door and returned to the bedside. The person in the bed was cocooned under the blanket, leaving no gaps.
He approached and gently tapped the lump. "Hungry? Want something to eat?"
Brielle didn't move, wishing she could just disappear at that moment. But remembering her purpose, she reluctantly extended a hand to grasp his wrist. "Let's finish this."
Her voice was raspy, her fingers pale against his wrist. King raised an eyebrow slightly, took her hand, and kissed it softly.
"In such a hurry?"
Brielle was still under the covers, her gaze conflicted. It was strange; after all the mental preparation, why did she feel so low right now? She opened her mouth to say something, but then there was a thud nearby.
She threw off the blanket only to find the man had fallen asleep on the bed. A spark of excitement flashed in Brielle's eyes. She quickly propped him up, caressing his hand against her cheek.
Was Max coming back? Would he become the person she knew once he woke up?
There was another knock at the door, this time by a servant. Brielle covered him with the blanket and walked out.
The servant was accompanied by Isaac, who was carrying a tray, seemingly for King. Brielle had a soft spot for the boy, her heart melting at the sight of him. But Isaac showed no particular emotion towards her, except perhaps finding her eyes as shiny as diamonds. "Ms. Brielle, I heard the master wanted something to eat?"
"He's asleep now, won't be eating just yet."
The servant, wary of asking further and thinking of Kailee waiting downstairs, felt a headache coming on.
"Ms. Kailee is still downstairs. Seems like she's planning to stay the night."
Kailee was determined to wait for King to come down.
"Ms. Brielle, should I send Ms. Kailee away?"
Brielle hesitated, knowing she had no right to send away guests, especially not knowing Kailee's relationship with King.
"Handle it as you see fit," she replied, then turned to Isaac to take the tray from him.
Isaac looked up at her, then frowned. "You smell... like Daddy."
Brielle's cheeks flushed, feeling as if she'd been directly called out. She steadied her nerves.
"Where should this go, kiddo? Let me help."
Isaac looked her over maturely, then shook his head slightly. Brielle tensed, puzzled by his gesture. Was it a sign of disapproval? The thought brought a sudden sense of loss.
Isaac, however, remained silent, petting the panther before heading to his room. Brielle followed with the tray. The panther swished its tail elegantly, occasionally glancing back at this stranger.
Once in the room, Brielle placed the tray on a side table. "Is this okay?"
Isaac's room was neat, unlike the typical child's chaos. He ignored Brielle, picking up a giant, oversized cat toy. Brielle was certain it was a cat toy, just much larger, as the boy and the panther played happily. 
After setting the tray down, Brielle realized she had nothing to say to the child, her guilt mounting when thinking about what she intended to do to King. She turned to leave, but Isaac suddenly spoke up. 
"Daddy, good. You, bad."
His clear, understanding eyes seemed to see right through adults. Brielle froze, almost instinctively wanting to defend herself. But Isaac was King's child; King, who was Max could survive gunfire at ten. Was it likely his child would be nalve? 
God closed a door for Isaac but opened a window - his acute sensitivity to emotions. In his world, good and evil were subjectively colored. Isaac petted the panther's head, his gaze sharp as a knife, cutting straight to Brielle.
"You, bad."
He repeated, his eyes emotionless, but each word struck Brielle's heart like a cleaver.
###Chapter 1059
Brielle stepped back, unable to look him in the eye. She was plotting against his father, even wishing for his demise, which made her the villain in his eyes.
To this child, who had been abandoned in a dumpster by his mother at birth, King was his everything. What would he do without King?
The harsh reality hit Brielle hard. She couldn't let King disappear, at least not for this child's sake. But if King stayed, how could Max come back?
Her phone rang, breaking the tense silence and providing a much-needed distraction from the boy's penetrating gaze. She didn't look at Isaac, just raised the phone to her ear. "Hey, bro."
"Why aren't you back yet?"
Dustin had been keeping close tabs on Brielle, especially after learning she had gone to King's mansion. His concern was evident.
"I'm not coming back tonight."
Instead of hunting for the truth elsewhere, she decided to focus on King. He knew a lot but chose to stay silent.
Dustin paused, rubbing his temples in frustration.
"Just because he's not hurting you now doesn't mean he won't, little kite. We don't really know his true nature, and you've seen the details from Saudi. He's ruthless. Don't think you're an exception." "Bro, I know what I'm doing. Trust me, I'll be fine."
Dustin had always said he wouldn't stop her from investigating. Now, he found it hard to argue against his own words. Besides, with Seamus planning to make a move, staying close to King might actually be the safest choice, given some deal between King and Seamus. Though Dustin believed he could protect Brielle, it was ultimately her decision.
"If anything feels off, call me. I'll handle him."
King wanted the Lynch family's diamond resources. If it came down to trading those for Brielle's life, Dustin wouldn't blink an eye. Wealth meant nothing compared to his sister's safety. "Got it, I understand."
After hanging up, Brielle found herself in the hallway, caught between Isaac's room and King's room. With King unconscious, it seemed like a sign that Max might be on his way back.
Initially, Brielle wanted to get rid of King, but Isaac's presence made her pause. She returned to King's room, watching him sleep peacefully. His face, identical to Max's, made her wonder who would wake up.
Would it be Max? Could their closeness have triggered Max's return?
Brielle's mind was in turmoil, aware of her own deceit, yet she had things to say to Max. If they couldn't be together, she wished for his happiness.
Those were his words in the fire, but without him, how could she find happiness?
Brielle stayed by his side all night, eventually falling asleep by the bed.
Meanwhile, the man on the bed slept deeply, his mind replaying past events vividly. After imprisoning Brielle in the castle, he often forced her to watch gruesome scenes? She lost weight, and he watched over her meals, ensuring a few days of peace. 
However, she couldn't overcome the psychological trauma, resisting his advances. King struggled to understand her, with no friends to ask for advice on winning a woman's heart.
Others in his circle suggested buying houses, cars, and jewelry, and he had followed their advice.
"Do you want a big castle? If you like flowers, I can hire dozens of gardeners for you."
"How about this new handbag?"
"Brielle, talk to me."
Brielle had withdrawn into herself,
likely overwhelmed by the bloodshed she had witnessed, her initial

resistance turning into fear. King regretted his actions. Brielle was young then, and the upheaval in her life had a profound impact. 
Yet, he couldn't let go. So, he taught her how to use firearms. Brielle seemed interested, perhaps thinking of the day she'd shoot him. Her remarkable shooting skills weren't learned at school; they were his teachings. 
###Chapter 1060
Of course, those training sessions were filled with their fair share of close encounters.
"Watch out for the recoil with this hand. Hold it steady," King instructed, standing right behind her, his breath tickling her ear as he guided her through disassembling a gun in seconds. "Little Canary, pay attention. This could save your life someday," he said.
The training room was packed with all kinds of weapons, but her hands were just too small for any of them. She'd mentioned wanting a custom-made one.
King's eyes had met hers then, with a look that said he knew exactly what she was thinking-that she might use that custom gun on him.
He wasn't into digging his own grave, so he pulled her close, a smirk on his lips, "Planning to make me bite the bullet?"
Brielle didn't say a word, but her silence was answer enough. That was the first time King tasted the bitterness of heartache.
He was suddenly reminded of his mother, the woman who had thrown herself into the royal family for love, only to end up in a miserable state. He thought he was different, that he could control his destiny. But love can't be forced, not even with mountains of gold could he win her smile.
So why bother being nice?
"Focus on your training. Miss a shot, and you'll be punished. You know how I like to punish you," he said, his tone casual as he brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, smiling.
"With that in mind, I bet you'll improve quickly, won't you?"
Under his threats, she did learn fast. Naturally talented, her shooting skills soon reached above average.
King hadn't expected Max to be the one to finally craft her a custom gun. Both had invested in her, yet it was Max who reaped the rewards.
"Bang!"
Brielle, lost in thought, missed her shot. The next second, she was pinned against the wall, King's kiss leaving her breathless and speechless.
The next day, and the day after that,
it was the same. Brielle practiced while King lounged on the couch, watching her progress from fumbling with parts to expertly disassembling the gun, a smile playing on his lips. 
But his joy was short-lived. Brielle, gripping the gun, aimed it straight at him.
He had seen this coming. Calmly, he continued reading his newspaper.
"If you pull that trigger, have you thought about the consequences? I can destroy everyone you care about in Beaconsfield, including the orphanage."
His threats were always so blunt. Brielle's gun shifted back to the target.
Putting down his newspaper, he wrapped his arms around her waist from behind.
"Why are you still so disobedient?" he murmured. Brielle's body trembled, her shot going wide. Her skills had been improving, and he rarely caught her out like this.
His kiss was forceful, sparing no part of her. Being with him was like dancing on the edge of a cliff-romantic but deadly, never knowing when you'd fall.
Eventually, she stopped practicing because King refused to get her a custom gun. When he was around, he pushed her to her limits, and when he wasn't, she felt lost and despondent. This time, King brought a man named Myles. From the first glance, Brielle felt something familiar about him, but couldn't quite place it.
After Myles arrived, King's visits became more frequent and more demanding. Brielle realized she had truly become his caged canary, unable to escape her gilded prison. Any defiance led to days confined to
bed. 
QUMS
Even with Myles around, King didn't hold back. Knowing someone was outside only made him more ferocious, intentionally making her cry out, embarrassing her. It became his favorite game. Brielle grew more despondent until Myles sought her out for a talk.
"Ms. Brielle, opposing him will only make things worse. Say a few kind words, and he'll do anything for you," he advised.
Her pride was deep, and even if it
burned, it would leave ashes. She'd been through a lot recently, with barely a spot on her body unmarked. Facing Myles, she remembered being pinned down in the living room the night before. If she wasn't mistaken, Myles' room was on the first floor. He must have heard everything. 
###Chapter 1061
Brielle felt a wave of embarrassment wash over her, so intense that her whole body heated up. She couldn't bring herself to meet his gaze.
To Myles, she looked like a fragile, beautiful, and blissfully unaware little creature. She seemed so delicate, her cheeks flushed as she hugged her arms to her body, occasionally glancing towards the living room door, as if she feared someone might suddenly walk in. Myles couldn't help but think about how stunningly innocent and untainted she appeared, despite the signs of distress she bore. Her eyes were always clear, a purity that was mesmerizing. He thought, no wonder Mr. King was so fond of her.
"Mr. King, could you please help me? I want to call the police."
The plea from such a delicate beauty was a lure no man could resist.
How old was Brielle at the time? Before she left for her exchange program abroad, she had just celebrated her eighteenth birthday. She had always been the youngest in her class due to skipping grades, embodying the epitome of youth and charm at seventeen or eighteen-full of life, with an indelible spark of youthfulness. And she was beautiful without even realizing it, utterly oblivious to how her gaze and her vulnerable demeanor were so captivating.
"I want to call the police. I know he has a lot of power, but at the end of the day, he's an Australian, and the laws here won't be too lenient on him. Or, could you please help me send a letter to my professor? My major's professor is highly esteemed internationally; if he could stand up for me..."
As she spoke, her eyes nervously darted towards the living room door. For a moment, Myles couldn't bring himself to look at her, feeling even her presence irresistibly alluring. No wonder King was so taken with her. "Ms. Brielle, don't be nervous."
Myles raised his hand, intending to offer comfort, but then, remembering the hidden cameras in the living room, he quickly withdrew, feigning calm.
"You just need to say a few kind words, and Mr. King will let you attend your classes. Don't make this harder on yourself."
Myles took the opportunity to drop such a hint to Brielle.
When King returned that night, he no longer encountered the disdainful looks from before. When he demanded her attention, she didn't show much resistance.
"Little Canary, have you become obedient?"
Afterwards, she tilted her head, her eyes still brimming with a hint of grievance, "I want to attend my classes, even if it's online."
In that moment, it struck a chord in his heart. He felt as if, at that moment, even if Brielle asked for his life, he would give it without hesitation.
So obedient. So compliant. After keeping her locked away for so long, he thought it was time to give her a taste of sweetness, to show her that pleasing him was beneficial. After pressing her further, he finally nodded in agreement.
The next day, Brielle began her
online classes, appearing somewhat more spirited. She also devised a plan, dragging out the duration of her online classes as long as possible, even enrolling in courses outside her major. She figured this man wouldn't dare to act out in front of the camera with so many people watching, giving her a chance to breathe. 
But she had miscalculated. After two weeks, the man caught on to her scheme. While she was still engaged with her webcam for a class, he gestured for her to come over from just outside the camera's view. Pretending not to notice his arrival, she sat up straight, earnestly listening to her professor.
But in the next moment, the fabric below her waist vanished, and he somehow produced a sharp dagger. The cold metal sent shivers down her spine. Those on the other end of the camera couldn't see what was happening below her waist. Brielle, frantic and red-eyed, hurriedly turned off the video. Closing her laptop, she turned towards him with a mix of anger and frustration.
He was smirking, toying with the dagger in his hand, and gave her a teasing smile, "Good student, you've been studying so hard. Aren't you tired? Come here, and I'll help you relax."
Shameless. Contending with
someone so devoid of shame only

left her feeling powerless. Her cheeks flushed with anger, her fingertips trembling. He always had a way of infuriating her effortlessly. And he could just take advantage of the situation to draw near, embrace her, and kiss her. Before moving on to the next step. 
###Chapter 1062
It was outright bullying, sheer force over reason.
If you talked to him gently, he might listen, but only when you were both behind closed doors.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes as she heard footsteps outside the unmistakable sound of Myles.
Frozen with fear, she felt herself being lifted onto the table in a humiliating position.
"Lost your song, Little Canary?" he taunted.
Brielle's cheeks flushed with anger, and a fierce look flashed in her eyes. "One day, I'll make you pay for this."
The man was taken aback, then chuckled as he lightly gripped her chin. "Impressive. That's got more bite than calling me a brute."
Brielle trembled with rage in his presence. She couldn't outfight him or outwit him. She couldn't even stoop to his level of shamelessness without feeling degraded.
Her eyes reddened in a flash.
Little did Brielle know, she would eventually join Dorsey International and sharpen her verbal skills in the corporate world. She'd never find herself at a loss for words again, no matter who she faced. Perhaps deep down, she knew she needed to hone her verbal jabs. Not only that, but she also learned to keep her emotions under wraps, never letting anyone provoke her to the point of tears.
But she was still young, facing such a personality for the first time. Her usual composure had vanished, replaced by a voice forced out by desperation.
She could clearly hear Myles's footsteps halting outside the door, as he had come to offer her psychological support these past days. But at that moment, he stopped, likely having heard something.
King seemed to enjoy her embarrassment, as if he were a male animal flaunting his conquest, making sure all rivals knew she was his and his alone.
With no other options, Brielle buried her head in his shoulder, unable to control her voice any longer.
Outside, Myles's hand had already reached for the doorknob. Hearing the intermittent sounds, his fingers twitched. A fleeting emotion crossed his eyes before he stepped back, glanced at the surveillance cameras, and quickly left, not wanting his own turmoil to be witnessed.
He'd never been much for women, but since arriving here, he'd heard
her voice time and again, in moments of utter vulnerability and pleas for mercy. Her voice, with its hooks and barbs, seemed to latch onto his heart, embedding itself deep within. 
No one could understand this feeling.
At times, he'd wonder about her current state-was she flushed, what emotions did her eyes betray?
He remembered the day she had pleaded for his help, her eyes brimming with tears, her body marked, her black hair cascading down like a fallen fairy.
If fairies truly existed, she'd have been the embodiment that day.
Myles returned to his room, glanced at a certain part of his body, and punched the wall, blood staining his knuckles.
Damn it.
Leaning against the wall, sweat trickled down his forehead. He was King's shadow, doomed to mimic him for life.
A perfect shadow should replicate even the emotions, shouldn't it?
This thought, heavy with implication, stirred a storm of emotions within him, yet he masked them well. The true skill of a hypnotist, he mused, was in hypnotizing oneself. Meanwhile, upstairs, Brielle heard Myles's footsteps fade away and pushed against the man before her in frustration.
Unmoved, he held her head, his kisses leaving her breathless.
For King, these memories were precious.
Before Brielle had actively pursued
Max, King had never considered removing Max from the picture. They were indispensable to their respective thrones-Max with his Dream Tech Designs and Dorsey International, King with his oil interests and casinos. 
King was sensitive in matters of the heart but desperately starved of love.
In a way, Max's lack of ordinary emotions was a blessing, sparing him the grief of a mother's futile courage and the filth of human sentiment.
Max's emotional world was as blank
as a sheet of paper, whereas King's was tainted with the world's darkest shades, so sullied that he doubted
the existence of true feelings 
###Chapter 1063
Memories of the past were like faded photographs to Brielle, barely worth a second glance, maybe even forgotten. But for him, they were everything.
If Isaac wasn't still around, breathing and alive, he probably would've given in to the deep sleep within this body a long time ago, willingly handing over the reins to Max. There wasn't much to hold onto-power was in his grip, yet in the end, it felt like he had nothing at all. Yet, because little Isaac was still here, he found reasons to live, to watch how Brielle inched closer to Max. That first night she took charge, wasn't it him who pushed her to learn that? Wasn't he the one who taught her how to use a gun?
In the end, his existence seemed to be erased from her world, devoid of any memories of him. Even if she were to remember someday, the look in her eyes would probably still be one of disdain. Why? Life could be so unfair. He endured so much pain for Max, and yet, even this small semblance of life was being snatched away. Why should Max get to live?
The thought of eliminating Max was born in that very moment.
King lay in bed, those memories replaying over and over in his mind. He wanted to open his eyes, to finish what he had started, to claim Brielle once more. But another part of him watched coldly from the sidelines, desperately trying to erase his existence. "Can't you just let her be mine?" He had asked Max this countless times, and Max's response was always brutally simple.
"Get lost."
The room was quiet, and Brielle, curled up by the bedside, was sound asleep, oblivious to the person on the bed whose fingertips twitched, slowly opening his eyes.
Max rubbed his temples, feeling an unbearable headache. A voice in his head persisted, "If you don't like her, why not just give her to me?" He had heard this voice before, realizing something was off then. Because the voice sounded too real, sometimes accompanied by footsteps equally real, even though there was supposedly no one around.
Max glanced over to the sleeping figure by his side, his brows furrowing even more, wanting to reach out but finding the headache worsening. Taking a deep breath, he got out of bed, gently lifting Brielle onto it and covering them both with a blanket. Perhaps sensing he meant no harm, the headache vanished, momentarily silenced by someone else's quiet.
Max looked around the room, its dark style not to his liking. And Brielle, seemingly cold, snuggled closer to him, seeking warmth, burrowing into his embrace. He noticed the fatigue in her expression, pulled her closer, and breathed in the scent of her neck. A familiar, comforting fragrance.
Brielle was too tired to wake, but Max didn't sleep. Instead, he got up and left the room. He headed straight to Isaac's room and pushed the door open without hesitation. Inside, the little tyke was playing with a panther, swinging a toy around, with the beast playfully trying to catch it. Despite the panther standing taller and more formidable than the child, it behaved like a pet in the kid's hands.
Isaac, hearing footsteps, looked up, confusion flickering in his eyes.
"Daddy?"
Max stiffened, stepping closer and squatting down to place his hands on Isaac's shoulders. Holding the toy, Isaac met Max's gaze, his brow furrowing. "You're not Daddy."
Max ignored the comment, lifting
Isaac into his arms and standing up.
Isaac didn't struggle; instead, he
commanded the panther, "Noir, bite him." That vicious streak was somewhat reminiscent of King. 
Max found it amusing, pinching Isaac's cheek lightly, "Bite who?" The pinch brought tears to Isaac's eyes and he bit his lip, not daring to retaliate. Max let go, weighing the child in his arms, noting he felt lighter. 
""Haven't eaten?"
Isaac tried to wriggle free in his embrace.
"Stop moving, or you'll get a spanking."
His tone was nonchalant as he carried Isaac to the sofa and sat down. Isaac didn't dare to move anymorezclenching his fists, his face, a spitting image of Max, filled with anger. No matter how much he tried to act grown-up, his childlike nature was evident at the slightest provocation. 
"You're bad."
Max raised an eyebrow, chuckling softly, pulling him closer.
"Later, you're going to apologize to her. Do you know how hurtful your words can be?"
"She," naturally, referred to Brielle.
###Chapter 1064
Max didn't wake up because of any loud noise or because King was scheming something against Brielle. It was the presence of the child that jolted him awake.
The kid's words to Brielle had struck a nerve in him too. Max knew Brielle inside out. She would end up feeling guilty because of this kid and his words would cause her pain, even though she was clueless about it for now.
Isaac stayed quiet, fiddling with a nearby cat toy. Max was weak, but it wasn't a physical thing; it was all mental exhaustion. King had always known about Max's existence, but Max had only recently started to suspect something, while King had been plotting for years. Now, new information was slowly filling Max's mind. Even though it helped him understand some of King's actions, it was a heavy mental load that needed time to process. On top of that, his body had just gotten off the meds, which made his headaches worse, giving King more chances to take over.
Max had only scratched the surface of what King had done and knew nothing about the deeper plans. Both Max and King were geniuses, but King had always had the upper hand in their battle. If there was anyone who could pull one over on Max, it had to be King. As Max stared at the little one in front of him, memories of a misunderstanding with Brielle floated to the surface. He recalled watching a father and daughter through a car window and wondering what it would be like if Brielle had a kid. He had thought he'd make a great dad. But reality was different. He wasn't the father he thought he'd be. The feud between Brielle and King was still a mystery to him. He could only catch snippets when King revisited those memories.
He didn't think it was unfair because he understood why King existed. Isaac was better off than Max had been as a child. At least Isaac could express himself. Max, as a kid, didn't even know when he was hungry and sometimes ended up locked in the attic, nearly starving before someone found him.
The psychiatrist Martha had brought in always said things that tormented him, making him want to run away. Back then, he wasn't even ten and didn't have the cunning he had now. Most kids would cry when they were hurt or wait for an adult to pick them up when they fell. But Max's first thought when he felt pain was how to hide it. He wanted to shift it, but he didn't know onto whom.
That's when King was born.
Max's thoughts weren't extreme. He didn't want King to disappear or for the kid to resent him and Brielle.
This body had to be handed over to King; e knots of the past be untied by King and Brielle
ΛΟ
themselves. Besides, he couldn't hold on much longer. 
Max looked at Isaac and smiled. "Be good to her, okay?"
Telling him now that Brielle was his mom would only make him
resentful. Isaac had never known a mother figure. What he wanted most was King, so the knots in the kid's heart had to be untied by Briette herself. It takes the one who tied the knot to untie it. 
Feeling tired, Max got up and walked back inside to the bed. Brielle was still asleep, unaware that he had woken up once already.
Max's world was a private one; he was used to keeping things to himself, unlike King, who could easily express his feelings. All he could do was temporarily hand over control to King, since he couldn't get involved in the past grievances.
Back when he and Brielle had visited
Beaconsfield College, he realized she had feelings for him then. Max hadn't lied to her or pretended to be deeply in love. His mind was preoccupied with formulas and data; he genuinely hadn't noticed Brielle,
Leli
and that was the truth.
The atmosphere at Beaconsfield College that night was perfect. By any romantic standard, he should have confessed to noticing her too, making them seem like soulmates destined to be together, which would have made her love him more and cling to him. But Max wasn't good at lying. When Brielle talked about that moment, he barely remembered the girl who had given him flowers. Even though he later went back to Beaconsfield College for that photo, it did little to mend the regret of that moment.
Now, however, his memories included more, including King's perspective. King had glanced at Brielle and liked her. So, Max wasn't selfish enough to deprive himself of the memories related to King and Brielle.
###Chapter 1065
Max was always upfront. Since he hadn't been involved in the past drama between these two, he saw no reason to jump in and mediate now.
King, on the other hand, had a serious grudge against him, clearly pulling the strings from behind the scenes.
Even if Max told him, "I don't mind your presence," he knew King's personality well enough to realize that wouldn't fix anything.
Because Max had been around before King, King was deeply insecure, always fearing he might vanish one day, worried he was just a shadow of Max.
The more arrogant King seemed to the world, the more insecure he felt inside.
King's existence was entirely because of Max, and he was terrified that Max could take it all back at any moment, which made him anxious.
When King fell for someone, his anxiety went through the roof, always afraid Brielle might leave, convinced she didn't need him.
So, he built walls around her, thinking that would make her stay forever.
During Max's introspective phase, he began to understand how King came to be, and it stirred something deep inside him.
Max was always a bit emotionally clueless, rarely showing his feelings.
He realized he had long ago decided to discard that impulsive, scared, fragile part of himself.
No one understood King better than Max. Competing for control was pointless.
But in Max's eyes, recognizing King didn't mean he had to respect him. After all, the way King treated Brielle was unforgivable.
King hadn't realized his mistake yet, so Max figured it was only fair to let him face Brielle's wrath.
Brielle had a sharp tongue, capable of cutting deep, something King hadn't experienced yet, but he was about to.
Max believed Brielle should reclaim her own peace.
Gently, Max kissed Brielle's forehead.
Love required selflessness, or at least the ability to hide one's selfishness well.
That was his gift to Brielle.
As he drifted off, Max's thoughts were interrupted by that all-too-familiar, annoying voice.
"Smart move."
Max's response was as brief as ever.
"Buzz off."
"Ha, don't think too highly of yourself. You just hope I'll come out, handle everything, and then you can reap the benefits, letting Brielle see your true colors." Max was a man of few words, but King... King was a talker.
There's a saying: the guiltier you feel, the more you talk.
Why had King orchestrated everything to keep his existence from Max?
Because he was scared of disappearing, knowing full well he was the newcomer.
Facing Max, King's words especially overflowed, bordering on petulance.
"Max, just watch. When I wake up, I'll have her, over and over."
"Go ahead. I'll still feel the pleasure."
There's nothing like out-shaming the shameless.
King fell silent, choked by his own indignation.
The room quieted.
When Brielle woke up, sunlight filled the room, casting a golden glow even on the sheets.
Looking at the person beside her,
she felt as that c in herd
a sense of Max's presencet
gentle, trustworthy aura. 
She couldn't help but snuggle closer, convinced Max had returned to her last night.
Her theory seemed correct; getting closer to King seemed to bring Max back.
King, still half-asleep, felt the weight of someone on him.
Opening his eyes, he saw Brielle, her cheeks flushed, almost within reach of past happiness.
He raised his hand, caressing her cheek.
Brielle looked away, her gaze falling. It wasn't Max; it was King.
But at this point, there was no turning back.
Just as she was about to settle in, she was pushed away.
Confused and disheveled, she sat on the bed.
King got up, straightening his clothes, his mind replaying Max's last words.
He needed to find a way to deal with Max permanently before getting intimate with Brielle.
Otherwise, wouldn't he just be handing Max a victory?
His expression darkened. As he was about to leave the bed, Brielle's a wrapped around his waist from
behind. 
"Are we not doing this?"
To walk away now, after coming this far?
Was he resisting?
sams
Maybe, considering he had once loved someone else and even had a child.
And now, her seduction carried an ulterior motive. His sharp mind must have sensed it.
King looked down at the hands
around his waist, having fantasized countless times about her taking the initiative. Now, she was there, holding him, pressing against him, yet all he could do was look, not touch. 
A surge of frustration crossed his face. Max knew exactly how to get under his skin. They knew each other too well; a single word was enough to hit where it hurt the most.
###Chapter 1066
King didn't pay Brielle any attention; his mind was busy trying to figure out Max's Achilles' heel. The more he thought about it, the clearer it became-Brielle was Max's weakness. And not just Max's, but his own as well. Behind him, Brielle's arms wrapped around him, a
gesture that had replayed in his mind countless times.
They were both sitting on the same bed, but their thoughts were worlds apart. Eventually, King stood up, his eyes finally meeting hers. She reluctantly let go, pulling the comforter close and locking eyes with him. She had a gut feeling that Max had come back last night; her plan must have worked. After all, it was Max's body they shared, and any embarrassment she felt was nothing compared to the joy of having Max back.
Her cheeks flushed at the thought, her grip on the comforter tightening. It reminded her of the first time she had helped Max into her apartment. Now, she was using the same tactic with King.
King raised an eyebrow, feeling a bit better. He reached for a lighter, intending to have a smoke, but a thought stopped him cold.
"She hates the smell of smoke."
His hand froze, and his expression darkened. Max was waking up, regaining some consciousness. This situation was similar to the past when King could occasionally see the world through Max's eyes, except back then, Max was unaware of his presence. Now, it seemed Max knew more and more, which filled King with a sense of dread. Was his own existence fading?
The lighter flickered on and off. Brielle watched, puzzled by his actions. From her point of view, he looked serious and troubled, almost crushing the cigarette between his fingers.
Finally, he tossed the cigarette into the trash and left the room.
Why was Max waking up so quickly?
King's mood was grim, and it didn't help that someone chose this moment to bother him.
"Sir, Ronald is here."
What did that old man want now?
King put on his mask, becoming the cold, ruthless man he was known to be in the presence of others.
Downstairs in the living room, Ronald was waiting respectfully.
Ronald glanced at King's disheveled appearance, noting his bad mood.
"King," Ronald greeted with a smile. "We've informed the Lynch family that we have Brielle. Once we secure the diamond resources, we'll make sure you get a significant share." Wasn't the whole point to control the world's diamond supply?
King sat down, seemingly uninterested in the topic, merely responding with a noncommittal grunt.
Ronald was trying to gauge King's thoughts. King was known for his decisiveness and brutality, his desires always clear.
Despise something? Eliminate it.
Like something? Keep it.
So far, nothing seemed to have caught his fancy.
Ronald had considered investigating the woman who bore Isaac, but King had protected her identity too well. Everyone was still in the dark about Isaac's mother's identity. Ronald suspected King was Max's twin brother. With Max gone, King had achieved his goal and forcefully kept Brielle.
But would they continue their partnership?
Ronald broached the topic of diamond resources as bait.
Sure enough, at the mention of diamonds, King's lips curved into a smile. He had everything-wealth,
status. Now, all he wanted was toet
eliminate Max. Yet, despite his efforts, Max remained deeply entrenched within him. It seemed a long-term strategy was needed. 
The diamond resources Ronald offered could be useful. Max's desire to be with Brielle would surely require passing the Lynch family's tests. King could use his face to sour the Lynch family against him, making them see this face as an enemy. It was a win-win 
If the Lynch family opposed Brielle's relationship with Max, it would put Brielle in a tough spot.
King liked this plan and was eager to put it into action. As for the diamond resources, he couldn't care less. But to keep the game going, to allow those behind the scenes to climb higher only to fall harder later, he played along. 
"Fine," King agreed. "We'll share the Lynch family's diamond resources. Whatever I have is at your disposal too."
Noticing a shadow at the staircase, he deliberately raised his voice, ensuring she would hear.
###Chapter 1067
Ronald's face lit up with satisfaction. He always knew he had King figured out.
Just imagine-once their organization took control of oil, diamonds, and healthcare, the world would be theirs to command. Decades of plotting had all led to this: reshaping the global order by seizing these vital resources. After Ronald left, King relaxed into the sofa's cushions.
Brielle was about to descend the staircase when the doorbell rang, freezing her in place.
The butler answered the door, and in walked Kailee.
Kailee, booted out the night before, was feeling down but decided to roll the dice again. To her surprise, King was actually home.
In the past, she'd be lucky to see him once or twice out of ten visits, but lately, her luck seemed to be changing.
On her way over, she brushed past an older man-Ronald.
Ronald raised an eyebrow as he glanced back at Kailee.
So, this was the woman always hanging around King?
If King was now showing interest in women, maybe they could use that to their advantage.
Though King claimed he wanted Brielle to fall for him, that didn't mean he couldn't entertain other women.
Ronald felt a plan forming and decided to set the honey trap in motion immediately.
Kailee had made her way into the living room, her eyes lighting up when she saw King.
"King!" She strode over, still regretting last night but couldn't help herself from rushing to hug him, carefully watching his reaction.
Unlike before, King didn't resist, filling Kailee with joy.
"How about we go shopping today? Let's take Isaac with us. I've been getting along so well with him lately. Didn't you say you'd marry whoever could get him to talk more?"
Kailee buzzed with excitement, eager to fetch Isaac and show King how much their relationship had improved.
King remained silent, letting Kailee get carried away.
"My family is quite curious about you too. If we were to marry, they'd approve."
The mention of marriage sparked an idea in King's mind.
Right, he could marry someone else first. After all, they were all using the alias 'Max If 'Max' ended up married to another woman, any future marriage proposals to Brielle would be moot-who'd want a twice-married man? 
Why hadn't he thought of this sooner?
King chuckled, turning to face Kailee, who misread his reaction as agreement, her face glowing with excitement.
But then, a voice echoed in King's mind, Max's voice: "Don't be rash."
ve
Max, a persona built on rationality, viewed King as the remnants of a child's ego formed in a battlefield of life and death, never having experienced warmth or coldness from others. 
A person wielding power without restraint could be unstoppable.
"Got your ID with you?" King asked nonchalantly, a smirk tugging at his lips. "Marriage isn't off the table."
Hearing no ion from Max, he felt a surge of happiness, almost ready to marry Kailee on the spot.
Kailee's eyes sparkled, almost disbelieving her own ears. King agreeing to marry her?
Her excitement was palpable, but it quickly faded.
"My family holds all my identification documents. You know my family's situation it's all over the place. If marry you, the Sanchez clan will be under my brother's thumb, and
surely, someone will try to stop it." 
After all, with King controlling oil and having made an appearance at a recent gala, everyone wanted to curry favor with him but hadn't found the right opportunity. Marrying King would elevate her status within the Sanchez family, potentially upsetting others who might then seek to block her path.
"It won't be a problem," King replied, standing. His tone was even more detached. "Choose a time."
With that, he headed upstairs.
Kailee, a smile flickering across her face, hurried off to prepare with the Sanchez family.
Upon reaching the top of the stairs, King found Brielle standing still, likely having overheard their conversation.
Her favorite, Max, was about to be entangled with another woman. Even if they returned to Beaconsfield, a marriage between them would now be considered bigamy. He moved to pass Brielle, but she grabbed his wrist.
"What do you really want?"
If this was merely revenge against Max, who was now dormant, with them sharing the same body, erasing Max completely was impossible without both of them perishing.
###Chapter 1068
"If you're mad because Max used this body to date me before, what's it gonna take to make you feel better?"
Brielle's take on things was totally different from King's.
She thought King was still hung up on his past love, unable to move forward, even if he wanted revenge against Max. He just couldn't get over that emotional hurdle. So, when they almost crossed that line a moment ago, she found herself being pushed away.
Brielle frowned, now more convinced than ever that King had been putting on an act the whole time. The real him was just too hard to pin down.
She had met a calm, calculating man in Beaconsfield before.
But the man in front of her now? Sure, he had his schemes and tactics, and a bit of impulsiveness too-traits that didn't quite fit a leader.
Or was it just because Max was in the picture, making him more emotionally unstable?
Brielle sensed Max had returned last night, so she felt she had to stick close to King, stopping him from doing anything pointless, like marrying another woman.
But his mood swings were too rapid, unpredictable, making him hard to handle.
Brielle's patience was wearing thin, her expression darkening.
"Do you know why the woman you loved left you?"
King stiffened, disbelief clear on his face as he turned to look at her.
But Brielle didn't realize her words had hit his sore spot.
"Stubborn, self-righteous, set in your ways-why would she love you?"
After her words, a metaphorical darkness engulfed Brielle, as if a mountain was pressing down on her, revealing just how terrifying his anger could be.
She took a step back but stood her ground. "And let's not forget, heart of stone. You didn't spare a single one of those folks in Saud."
The temperature around them plummeted, cold enough to make Brielle's teeth chatter.
His hand gripped her throat, and he removed his mask, revealing eyes brimming with red, staring at her intensely.
Brielle couldn't stand seeing Max's face with such an expression and instinctively turned away.
"If you're gonna marry someone else using Max's name, you might as well kill me now."
Her tone was indifferent, her heart inexplicably aching.
"I really do want to kill you now, you liar."
She hadn't remembered.
And why would she? Past memories were painful to her.
She didn't want them.
His voice was hoarse, anger barely contained, his grip tightening.
Brielle struggled to breathe, her cheeks flushing from the strain.
It seemed he was truly enraged, and she
sn't understand why this e
s engulfed her to
torment.
Ignoring her own heartache, she lowered her lashes, provoking him further.
"If it were me, I'd run away too."
A statement that cut deep.
King was in disbelief, not expecting such cold-hearted words from her beautiful lips.
Or maybe he wasn't surprised, having been through it once before.
Back then, her words were "What you can offer, I don't want. I owe you nothing."
were evne
Years later, tangled again, her words more poisonous, ruthless. Was this a skill
Dorsey International? more et
Before,
could leave her trembling, unable retort. Now, a mere sentence from her could
in disarray. Content bone
She had grown up fast.
King's breathing became erratic, his rationality snapping. He grabbed Brielle's hand, pulling her into the bedroom.
Even with sunlight streaming in, he felt a bone-chilling cold.
Avoiding her eyes, driven by fury, he tore her clothes apart.
King was at a loss, never having been taught what to do in such moments.
His mother had told him, as long as he held power, he could have anything he wanted.
But upon grasping it, he realized he couldn't cage a bird he wished to keep.
It had beautiful plumage, a melodious voice, yet refused to sing for him.
Mountains of gold and silver meant nothing to it.
He thought he had learned how to tether this bird to his side, but he was mistaken.
It struggled as if his presence was hell.
He truly didn't understand how to love someone.
Now, possessing her, he felt extreme joy and equally intense pain, spreading from his heart throughout his body.
He wished he had never met her.
Hearing her muffled cries, he stiffened, looking down at her.
Her shoulder bore a bite mark, bleeding; her lips were swollen, turned away, tears silently falling.
He reached out to wipe them away, frowning at the tear on his fingertip.
Crying for what?
Wasn't he the one who should be crying?
###Chapter 1069
"Brielle, look at me!"
His grip on her chin was like a beast pushed to its edge, ferocious and unyielding.
Brielle winced, wanting to push him away, but the pain was too intense, sapping her strength.
Every cell in her body screamed in agony, her complexion turning ghostly pale. She was powerless to escape his grasp.
If it had been Max, he would never have treated her like this.
Her icy stare met his, tears brimming from the pain. Seeing Max's face only made her world feel more surreal and torn apart.
It felt like a nightmare.
She raised her hand and slapped him hard across the face.
His head snapped to the side, the taste of blood filling his mouth.
Touching his face, he glared down at her, eyes burning with intensity.
Her eyes, filled with familiar disdain, cut through him.
King couldn't understand how they could be so close physically but worlds apart emotionally.
What would it take for her to look at him the way she looked at Max?
Nobody had ever taught him that.
So, he covered her eyes with his hand, moving quicker now.
To silence her harsh words, he leaned down and kissed her forcefully.
Like a coward deceiving himself.
"Mmmph," Brielle struggled, her voice choked with sobs.
By the end, she felt like she was being torn apart.
It was deep into the night when it was finally over.
In Brielle's memory, she had never been treated this way, her body curling up from the intense pain.
The bedside lamp cast a soft glow on her beautiful, tear-streaked face.
The hand around her waist held her tightly, not allowing any escape.
King felt a pang of regret, even calling out to Max in his mind.
But Max didn't respond.
When he came to his senses, King rested his chin on Brielle's hair. How could he have thought to seek help from Max? It was madness. ""Brielle?"
He called out.
Brielle didn't respond.
King grew agitated again, wishing he could control her thoughts.
"Brielle, talk to me."
He sat up, turning her to face him, gripping her chin.
"What are you thinking?"
Brielle was exhausted, the pain keeping her awake. Hearing him, she raised her hand and slapped him again.
The mark from her previous slap had barely faded, and now there was a new one.
She had slapped him before, and he would always punish her afterward, never letting himself be at a disadvantage.
But now, seeing her red-rimmed eyes filled with pain and defiance, he lost the desire to continue punishing her. ""Does it hurt?"
How could it hurt? Wasn't it supposed to be pleasurable?
He really didn't understand.
As soon as he finished speaking, Brielle pulled her hand back, her voice hoarse.
"It was awful."
King didn't understand what she meant, leaning closer.
"What did you say?"
Brielle closed her eyes, her fingertips trembling from the pain.
"I said you were terrible at this."
After that, she didn't say another word.
The room fell silent.
As Brielle drifted off to sleep, she heard him ask in a careful whisper,
"Was it really that bad?"
She didn't respond, thinking it was just a dream.
The next morning.
Isaac pushed open the door, finding the room quiet, with someone lying on the bed. He intended to wake his daddy up like he always did.
By his side was a panther, the boy and the beast approaching softly.
"Daddy, wake up, breakfast, hungry."
The man didn't wake, instead pulling Brielle even closer.
Isaac stood by the bed, seeing his daddy lazing in bed for the first time.
He moved to the other side of the bed, noticing the woman lying next to his daddy, his brow furrowing.
"Daddy, there's a woman in your bed."
Brielle's brow wrinkled in pain, the discomfort from last night compounded by a lack of sleep, wishing only for rest.
King opened his eyes to meet his son's small gaze.
Isaac sat on a chair, a majestic black
panther squatting beside him. The panther sat with its butt on the ground, front paws supporting its
weight, both looking fiercely at the bed. 
en FindNovel
Isaac's small hand stroked the panther's head, their stomachs growling in unison. "Daddy, I'm hungry, and this bad woman is taking you away."
He was worried about getting his cheeks pinched again. As he spoke, his expression was solemn, ready to let Noir bite if it happened again. 
King noticed the red mark on his cheek.
"What happened?"
"It's from being pinched, really hard."
King couldn't have pinched him. When he had first brought this child home, he had consulted countless. doctors, spending all his effort to keep him alive. He watched the boy closely, fearing he might disappear like Brielle. Despite his stern demeanor, he genuinely cared for the child. 
After all, this was all that remained of Brielle, the only thing connecting him to her.
But Isaac wasn't one to lie, which meant Max must have bullied the child when he wasn't looking.
###Chapter 1070
If King didn't take action soon, he'd be watching Max getting cozy with his girl, and little Isaac might start calling another man dad. That was a nightmare scenario King was determined to avoid at all costs.
Isaac, with his wide, curious eyes, had no clue about the storm brewing in King's mind. Since that one day when he had gone out on a whim to buy a ring, Isaac had mostly kept to himself in his room, except for when King came to visit. Those were the moments when Isaac would open up a bit more.
Now, with the villa bustling with new staff members, Isaac, ever the polite kid, responded to their questions but never engaged beyond that. He only ever sought out his dad for company.
Rubbing his temples, King glanced over at Brielle, still fast asleep, half-covered with love bites. Gently covering her with the duvet, he got dressed and scooped Isaac into his arms. "What's on the breakfast menu today, champ?"
Isaac wrapped his arms around King's neck, his gaze drifting back to the bed. "Steak."
"Brushed your teeth yet?"
"Nope."
King headed to the bathroom to grab Isaac's toothbrush, adorned with a cartoon cicada, and squeezed some toothpaste onto it before handing it over.
Isaac took the toothbrush and, in a playful twist, started brushing Noir's teeth with it instead.
King didn't scold him; he simply fetched another toothbrush, applied toothpaste, and handed it over again.
"Daddy, Noir needs clean teeth too."
Isaac, full of enthusiasm, lifted Noir's lips as the panther, having grown up alongside him, patiently let the boy fuss over him, even baring his teeth to make it easier. "Make sure you brush yours after Noir's," King instructed.
After getting ready, King found Isaac still amusing himself with Noir, who swished its tail indulgently, allowing the mischief.
King tapped the panther on the head affectionately. Living with humans had made Noir almost too understanding.
Isaac's days were filled with playing with Noir, the two inseparable companions only leaving the room when hunger struck.
Waiting outside, King finally took Isaac downstairs, with Noir trailing beside them, its tail swishing lightly. The villa's staff were all recent hires; King, wary by nature, preferred not to keep the same people around for too long. Moreover, these individuals were all professionally trained, handpicked from a facility King had established for just this purpose.
Isaac didn't bother learning the names of the staff; in his world, there were only Daddy and Noir.
Breakfast was ready on the table, and King instructed a staff member to set aside a portion for Brielle to have later upstairs.
Post-breakfast, King had a meeting to attend, but Kailee chose that moment to cling to him, flaunting her ID.
"When are we going to make it official, King?"
The sight of finger marks on his cheek surprised Kailee. Could the person responsible still be breathing?
Even though a mask concealed most of his face, the marks were unmistakable, as were the nail scratches on his neck. Kailee's mood darkened at the thought of another woman leaving those marks.
Who could it be?
Despite her long association with
King, she hadn't noticed any woman close to him. Then, it hit her – an
Australian beauty, recently the talk of the town and supposedly the lost
princess of the Lynch familyve
Feeling the threat, Kailee attempted to hook her arm through King's, but he deftly avoided her, focusing on his computer.
"King?"
Her voice carried a tinge of hurt as she tugged at his sleeve, "You wouldn't happen to be seeing someone else, leaving me out in the cold, would you?" King's response was indifferent, not even sparing her a glance.
"With your brother tied up with the Sanchez family affairs, shouldn't you be lending a hand?"
Kailee pouted her gaze drifting to Isaac playing with Noir, a smile creeping onto her lips. "Little cicada, let's hit the mall today! You'll love it - remember how fun it was last time we went out? Plus, you'll meet lots of new people." 
Isaac, busy manipulating Noir's paw, looked up briefly. "Daddy, the lady in our bed."
The implications hidden within those words were massive, causing Kailee's pupils to shrink as her gaze involuntarily swept upstairs.
But at that moment, Brielle was still
lost in slumber, thoroughly worn out from a night of untamed, unskilled passion, hardly in any state to wake up early. 
###Chapter 1071
Kailee couldn't see anything, but her gut was screaming that the woman Isaac mentioned was the same one she had seen that day. Anger bubbled up inside her, and she shot up, pointing an accusing finger at King. "Were you just messing with me when you talked about marrying me yesterday?!"
King didn't even flinch, his fingers tapping away on his computer, completely ignoring her.
Just then, Kailee's phone rang. It was her brother, Joseph. Tears welled up in her eyes as she answered the call, quickly wiping them away.
"Bro."
"You still at King's place?"
"Yeah."
As soon as the word left her mouth, she saw King get up, apparently heading upstairs. She hurried after him.
"King, give it to me straight. Were you just playing me yesterday? I'm warning you, even if you're from Saudi, I'm not scared of you. If you dare mess with me, my brother will handle you! He doesn't blink an eye at killing!" Joseph, the so-called "killer," sighed, rubbing his temples. "Stop making a fool of yourself and come home."
Kailee hesitated but then heard Joseph's voice drop to a serious tone. "I don't want to repeat myself."
Kailee froze, no longer chasing after King.
After she left, King's phone rang again. It was Joseph.
"My sister's been bothering you, I see."
"Yeah."
"King, looks like Ronald is trying to set you up with some beauties, probably because he saw my sister clinging to you. I'll keep her away from now on."
Joseph knew Kailee could be headstrong but wasn't bad at heart. Her presence could briefly divert the public's attention from Isaac, as everyone was digging into Isaac's birth mother, hoping to leverage that information in deals with King.
Joseph had intentionally sent his sister over to shift the focus to her, signaling that King was moving on and wasn't hung up on the past.
Meanwhile, King had reached the room where Brielle was sleeping, barely opening the door before deciding to end the call with Joseph. "King, about the organization backing Seamus-"
"We'll talk another time."
ove
Ending the call, King turned his attention to Brielle, asleep with one arm peeking out from under the covers. Approaching her, he remembered the criticism from the night before, his expression darkening. Gently, he adjusted the blanket to ensure she wouldn't catch a cold. 
He glanced at her phone and decided to take it. She was better off staying by his side, without needing to worry about the Lynch family or any friends. Just him. Despite the time that had passed, King was still making the same mistakes, though he didn't realize it. 
Dustin had received a message; someone had informed the Lynch family that Brielle was with them. Dustin's brow furrowed at the message. Brielle was with King, but this news hadn't come from King's camp. Surely, if King had other
intentions, he would've reached out sooner, not now. Was it someone
from Seamus's side?
Rising, Dustin glanced at Seamus, who was directing servants around him. Despite years of dedicated service to the Lynch family, earning their respect, Dustin noticed something off. "What's wrong, young master?"
"Brielle's been kidnapped."
Dustin's expression was tense, but he kept an eye on Seamus, who initially looked down, then smirked slightly.
"What do you plan to do, young master?"
"Let's see what they want first. Brielle is part of the Lynch family and should inherit our shares. If that's what they're after, I'm willing to negotiate."
But Seamus's contempt was palpable. The Lynch family's shares were trivial compared to their control over global diamond resources, which, combined with Ronald's oil and their medical dominion, could make them unstoppable. "Let's not be hasty, young master. Perhaps consult your father first."
"Dustin, don't you realize? My dad hasn't exactly welcomed Brielle with open arms."
His voice was laden with defeat. "Mom's gone missing, and in this house, only grandma and I really care about Brielle."
"Your father has his reasons."
"Hah, what reasons? He's heartless, only ever caring about power."
Seamus's eyes sparkled at Dustin's words, offering a few words of comfort before hurrying to his room once Dustin had left.
###Chapter 1072
Seamus's room was still alive with the hum of machines working overtime as he quickly reached out to Ronald. "Ronald, just like we thought, ever since Brielle showed up, things between Dustin and Raymond have been going downhill fast."
At that moment, Ronald was busy selecting companions. A line of stunning women from around the globe stood before him, each one making Kailee look plain in comparison. If King had even a smidgen of interest in Kailee, he wouldn't give these women a second glance. King had kept Isaac hidden away in his mansion for years, making sure no one knew what he looked like until just over a month ago. Ronald had a hunch that King and Max were actually twins.
If they were brothers, their tastes couldn't be that different. So, Ronald had picked women who resembled Brielle, figuring King would have a type.
Right now, Brielle was with King, but given King's hatred for Max, there was no way he'd end up with her for real.
To King, Brielle was just a tool, a way to mess with Max. Once King felt he'd had his revenge, he'd toss Brielle aside like garbage.
The women Ronald was picking now were pristine, unlike Brielle, who had been "tainted" by Max. Ronald couldn't hide his smug grin; the organization's mission was almost complete. After selecting five women, he finally got back to Seamus.
"The Lynch family task is yours. You've stalled long enough. Now that you have this chance, you need to make the most of it. If you blow this, no one's going to wait for you anymore." Seamus felt a mix of annoyance and determination.
Wasn't Ronald the one who had his plans in Saudi wrecked by King? And now, he was just one of King's lackeys.
Seamus doubted Ronald truly had any hold over King, who didn't seem like the type to be anyone's puppet. But Ronald spoke with such confidence, and Seamus, having struggled with the Lynch family for years, felt his resolve waver.
"I understand. I'll get on with the next step ASAP."
After ending the call, Ronald arranged for the women to be sent to King's mansion.
Inside King's place.
Brielle finally woke up, feeling a deep hunger gnawing at her insides.
Remembering where she was, she grabbed a dress and headed to the bathroom. She filled the tub with
warm water and eased herself in et
wincing as the water touched her wounds, a sharp pain in a certain area making her face go pate. 
The hunger and pain made her bath short. Wrapping herself in a towel she opened the wardrobe, expecting to see only King's clothes but was surprised to find an array of women's outfits. 
When had these been put here?
Picking an outfit that fit her perfectly, Brielle realized these couldn't have been meant for her.
Were they for another woman from King's past?
It wasn't that Brielle was clueless; any woman in her position, with no memory of a past with King, especially one involving a child, would find it hard to believe. Dressed, she opened her room door and saw King standing there, holding a plate of freshly cooked steak. Seeing her discomfort seemed to darken his mood.
"Eat something."
Still reeling from the previous night, Brielle accepted the plate and went back to her room. A large table near the floor-to-ceiling windows offered a view of the outside world.
Under different circumstances, she might have enjoyed her meal, but King's presence across from her, slicing the steak into pieces and pushing the plate towards her, made her uneasy. After finishing her meal in silence, she felt a bit better and looked up at him.
"Do you have any medicine?"
Her discomfort was clear, a reminder of the previous night's ordeal.
"What kind of medicine? Birth control? Do you think you need it? Don't you know why you lost the child with Max? During those three years at Dorsey International,
Michael had you fed with so much birth control it damaged you. Your body's past needing any more." 
###Chapter 1073
Brielle had just set down a glass of warm milk King brought her. But in a flash of anger, she splashed it right across his face, her body trembling with fury. "Get out."
King's cheek still bore the imprint of her slap, and now drenched in milk, he felt a sting of injustice.
Had he said something wrong?
Max had kept secrets from her, secrets that led her to harm herself. King felt she deserved to know the truth, no matter how bitter.
Brielle's grip on the glass tightened, her face flushing with rage.
King's patience began to wear thin as he stood up. "I wasn't wrong. You lost the baby because of this. You see, when you're with him, he keeps everything from you."
He believed he was the better man, open and honest with her. Yet, she never seemed to appreciate it. King was at a loss for what he'd done wrong.
Brielle's head buzzed with anger, recalling the hurtful events from the night before. Now, King was deliberately reopening her wounds. Was he taunting her because he had a child, a beautiful little boy, while she and Max had lost theirs?
Taking a deep breath, she tried to suppress the discomfort in her body.
"Are you happy my child is gone?"
King's lips tightened. He wasn't exactly happy, knowing it was Brielle who suffered. However, the thought of her bearing Max's child unsettled him. In his mind, that child should never have existed. Its natural loss seemed like a mercy to everyone involved. "Somewhat happy, I guess."
This time, not only milk but the glass itself was hurled toward him.
King dodged, the glass grazing his cheek before shattering against the wall.
""Get out!"
Brielle's emotions surged, a wave of pain and nausea hitting her.
King stood still, noticing her pallor, regretting his words.
"Brielle, are you alright?"
Attempting to stand, Brielle's face drained of color.
King moved to support her but was pushed away.
"My child may not have survived, but even your child's survival means nothing when the mother discards him like trash, right? What did you do to make her detest you so?"
en FindNovel
King froze, retracting his hand.
"Brielle, provoking me won't do you any good."
A sarcastic smile crossed Brielle's lips as she turned away, slowly moving towards the bed. But King, acting on impulse, scooped her up and pinned her down.
"I misspoke. Considering the birth control pills, their effect should've worn off by now. You and Max didn't have a child, but how about having one with me?"
Brielle tried to slap him but lacked the strength. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
King, initially eager, softened at the sight of her vulnerability. He buttoned up her dress, his actions awkward, unsure of what to say next.
He gently stroked her back, trying to comfort her. This gesture, however, only intensified Brielle's anguish as she realized the impact of the birth control pills on her body. She shouldn't have trusted the Dorsey family or Dorsey International. It was alPher fault. 
"Max"
In her grief, she whispered his name, her voice breaking as she cried into King's chest.
King stiffened, pain spreading through his body as he felt her tears, not for him, but for another.
"Okay."
He responded, continuing to comfort her, lost in his thoughts and feeling utterly out of his depth. Brielle had cried before, but those tears were never for him, making this moment even harder to bear.
King, smelling faintly of milk,
wondered what Max would have done in his place. Unsure, he blurted out an offer to buy her a car Bentley, Maserati, Lamborghini – anything she wanted. 
Her tears stopped abruptly. She looked at him, her gaze dark and cold.
"Get out."
Though it was his house, King felt an unsettling urge to leave.
Leaning against the wall outside, he ruffled his hair in confusion.
Where had he gone wrong? Was telling her the truth a mistake? Or was his desire to be with her the issue?
But didn't Max want her too?
###Chapter 1074
Suddenly, a flash of realization hit him like a bolt from the blue, echoing Brielle's words from the night before. "Your work totally sucks."
He stiffened, an awkward flush spreading across his face. Right on cue, his phone rang. It was Dustin.
""King, it's Dustin."
Dustin had caught wind of something and, unable to reach Brielle, dialed King's number.
"Is Brielle with you?"
Any flicker of emotion on King's face vanished, replaced by a calm, unreadable expression. "Yes."
"I tried calling her but got no answer."
"That's because she's here with me. And don't bother reaching out to her again."
His tone was casual, eyes narrowing with a hint of menace. "As far as the Lynch family is concerned, consider her no longer your daughter." Dustin chuckled lightly on the other end. "What are you on about?"
"It means I want to keep her by my side."
"And does Brielle agree to this?"
"Why should she need to agree?"
He had the means to make it happen.
""King, let's meet."
After a moment's thought, King proposed a time.

Once the call ended, Dustin's face darkened. He tried Brielle's number again, only to be met with the same result-her phone was off. He chuckled again, undeterred. No matter how powerful this oil tycoon thought he was, if he dared to harm Brielle, Dustin would make sure he wouldn't leave North America alive.
They agreed to meet at a quaint coffee shop, an unlikely place for either of them, indicating mutual distrust. By choosing such a location, it left no room for any premeditated setups. They arrived almost simultaneously. The coffee shop was deserted. Without a word, Dustin took a seat at the center table. "I don't want Brielle to come to any harm. Just state your terms, and let's not waste each other's time."
King placed his hands on the table, his people strategically positioned within a mile's radius, ensuring Ronald wouldn't detect his meeting with Dustin. Dustin's men were also scattered around, ready to engage if things went south.
Dustin was unclear about the
specifics of the deal between this
man and the butler but had already marked King as an enemy. Naturally, there was no room for pleasantries. He had warned Brielle before: just because King wasn't a threat-now didn't mean he wouldn't become one. Yet, he hadn't expected trouble to arise so soon. He couldn't allow Brielle to interact with such dangerous individuals again. 
"I've already stated my terms."
For the first time, King looked directly at Dustin, noticing a resemblance between him and Brielle. But due to Annie's constant presence around the Lynch family, sending mixed signals, the family was no longer taken aback by Brielle's appearance. Dustin frowned. "What terms?"
"To act as if the Lynch family never had this daughter. I want her to stay by my side."
Dustin couldn't help but laugh. "And what does staying by your side entail?"
King was at a loss for words, his only desire was for Brielle to see no one but him.
"How many diamond resources will it take for you to let her go? I've received messages; isn't that what you're after?"
Plundering resources, cutting off smaller nations' wealth to reign supreme was their game. With oil in the mix and now diamonds, these people could do anything they wanted. King remained silent for a minute before finally saying, "I want her to marry me."
Dustin was prepared for anything.
Even if King demanded all the
diamond resources, he was ready to
comply, then take his family somewhere peaceful to spend their days. Everyone was tired of the constant scheming. Even if it meant. living a modest life in some remote area, Dustin was okay with that. At the thought, he almost convinced himself he had lived such a life. He frowned, questioning the feasibility of such a memory lapse. 
Dustin snapped back to reality as King's proposal of marriage echoed in his ears. He thought he was hallucinating, but looking at the man seated before him, it was clear no joke was intended.
"I want Brielle to marry me. I'm willing to overlook everything else."
Dustin narrowed his eyes, noticing the clear marks of fingernails around King's neck, even beneath his mask. A sharp look crossed his eyes.
"What have you done to Brielle?"
###Chapter 1075
"Of course, I'm doing exactly what I want to do."
King's answer was quick, and in the next moment, the sound of guns being cocked filled the air, a synchronized chorus that hinted at multiple people involved.
But he didn't flinch. Instead, he casually traced the rim of his coffee cup with his fingertips.
"Are you sure you want to start something here? She's under my control, like putty in my hands, to mold as I please."
Dustin's chest heaved with rage, itching to pull the trigger and end King right there. He couldn't bear to think of what Brielle had endured, despite his promises to protect her.
A vicious glint flashed in his eyes as he kicked the table in front of him, sending it flying.
Dustin was known for his agility, which had allowed him to escape from Kenzo and his men in the past. And King was just as skilled, having spent years eliminating obstacles for Max.
As the table soared towards him, King swiftly retreated, kicking the table up into the air.
"Boom!"
The table crashed down, sounding like the start of a war. Dustin's punches followed, but King was quick to dodge, making them evenly matched.
"Why are you so angry?" King genuinely wondered. "What's wrong with her being with me? The Lynch family has other enemies to deal with. If she goes back, she'll just become a target. With me, I'll keep her safe." That was his reasoning. While dodging Dustin's punches, he continued to back away. The small coffee shop suddenly felt too cramped for their skirmish.
"Is this how you protect her? By forcing her?" Dustin's words were laced with self-anger, upset at himself for even thinking King would keep Brielle safe. This man was nothing but a beast, a scoundrel! "King, I can intervene in the Saudi affairs. Don't think you can do whatever you want."
King's temper flared as well. "If it wasn't for me getting you to that doctor, do you think you'd still be alive? You're ungrateful. I saved you for Brielle's sake."
As soon as he finished speaking, a punch sent his mask flying. King touched his swollen lip, recalling how Brieffe had slapped him in the morning and now her brother in the afternoon. He felt like an outcast, unwelcome by all. 
Back in the day, Dustin and Max used to share laughs, but now, after King had saved him, Dustin had turned hostile. Unfair.
Dustin, looking at the familiar face,
raised an eyebrow, then furrowed it at the mention of the doctor, torn between which piece of news was
more shocking. He stepped back, scrutinizing the man before him. 
QUMS
It was impossible for anyone to resemble someone else to this extent, not even twins. But the man before him was unmistakably Max.
Piecing together his sister's behavior, Dustin guessed a possibility. Was Max suffering from amnesia?
But as long as this person was Max, regardless of which version, he wouldn't harm Brielle, and Dustin breathed a sigh of relief. Yet, something about this man irked him.
If King was indeed Max, then it meant he had also conspired with the butler to obstruct the Lynch family's quest in Beaconsfield. His expression turned icy.
Max didn't seem to suffer from
memory loss, given his control over Saudi oil and resources on par with the Lynch family. If it were amnesia, his personality wouldn't hav@shifted so drastically. 
What game was he playing?
Seeing the slap mark on King's cheek, Dustin couldn't help but assume Brielle was responsible, sparking an idea.
"Brielle's handiwork?"
King reacted like a cat with its tail stepped on, instantly defensive. But Dustin's mocking gaze stopped him short, leaving his words trapped in his throat.
###Chapter 1076
Dustin thought to himself, That was a solid hit.
At first, everyone assumed Max had perished in the blaze. No one understood the hell Brielle went through that month better than Dustin did. Haunted by auditory and visual hallucinations, she seemed trapped in a never-ending nightmare. And then there was the child they never got to welcome into the world. The agony she endured was immeasurable.
Yet, Max had assumed a new identity, seamlessly blending into the shadows, even managing to wreak havoc from within. Just thinking about it made Dustin's blood boil, but Brielle had chosen to stay by King's side, so it wasn't his place to interfere. After all, this was his sister's personal affair.
But to let this man get close to Brielle without any consequences? No way.
The table was already a lost cause, so Dustin picked out a new one and took a seat first, setting the pace. After a moment, King followed suit.
Meanwhile, the café's owner hid behind the counter, too scared to come out. Having witnessed the brawl, he was dumbfounded. Didn't their hands or feet hurt? He dared not intervene, opting instead to shrink back completely.
Seated calmly now, Dustin tapped his fingers lightly on the table, his gaze casually falling on King.
"You're thinking of marrying little Bri?" he asked.
"Yeah."
"She doesn't seem too keen, does she?" If she were, she wouldn't have slapped him.
This guy was nothing like Max. Although Dustin wasn't a fan of Max either, Max had won Brielle over with kindness. But this guy? He did whatever he pleased, completely disregarding the feelings of others. King's expression remained stern, unaffected by Dustin's comment. Inside, however, a storm was brewing.
"It doesn't matter if she agrees or not. I make things happen. You, the Lynch family, are just treading water. You should've never brought him back."
Dustin glanced at him, seeing Max's face but wishing he had a different mouth.
"What's the status of your collaboration with the Lynch family's butler?"
King hadn't really cooperated much with them, but he had aligned with their actions once. After all, he genuinely wanted to get rid of Max and had no desire for Brielle to be found. He wished for her to stay in the castle, just like before, so he
could see her whenever he returned.
His urgency grew, especially sensing Max becoming aware of his presence. Previously, he could afford to plot slowly, but not anymore. He had to act fast. Every minute he could spend with Brielle felt stolen.
He always worried that he might disappear one day, leaving Max to enjoy domestic bliss. His mood darkened, his hand tightening.
"I'm not too interested in their organization, but there's a guy from the Dorsey family in Saudi, considered a traitor. After being kicked out, he joined them, landing a mediocre position."
That was Ronald. Ronald thought he controlled everything, but in King's eyes, he was just a middleman.
Dustin raised an eyebrow, surprised King was willing to spill the beans. Actually, King wasn't keen on sharing, but just a second ago, he had heard Max's voice in his head. "Brielle and her brother get along well."
Meaning, if you upset him, get ready for more slaps.
King was livid, wishing Max would appear when he wanted and stay away when he didn't. Yet, oddly, he believed what he was told and thus shared about Ronald.
"Ronald has been around for years. I let him handle the trivial plans. His minor schemes, I'm willing to go along with."
"Why?" Dustin was taken aback, only to hear King's hoarse reply, "Because it's boring."
Unable to get what he wanted, he was in a state of resignation. Like a child tired of throwing tantrums without getting the candy, he simply let it be.
Especially since it wasn't just about
not getting what he wanted, but also fearing Max discovering him and erasing Kim from existence. After all, he was the one who showed up later. Whether it was Brielle or fate itself, both seemed to favor Max. 
King always felt like he shouldn't exist.
Such is the unfairness of this world. He was the first to care for Brielle; logically, she should have liked him in return. But in matters of the heart, there's no precedence. Yet, when it едпо came down to who would last
between him and Max, precedence
suddenly mattered. 
He was never the favored one.
###Chapter 1077
over these meant rewriting the rules of the game. So, this was a plot decades in the making.
Dustin had been digging into the forces behind the butler for a while now, and was starting to see the outline of their grand scheme. This group was ambitious, almost madly plundering the world's riches. Oil and diamonds, the twin jewels of global wealth, holding sway As Dustin considered the man before him, he wondered, if Ronald hadn't fully secured King, could the Lynch family potentially team up with this character? King seemed to read his thoughts and stood up abruptly.
"I don't see why I should help you."
His tone was dismissive, his mind preoccupied with how to win over Brielle's heart. Dustin let out a soft chuckle, giving him a once-over.
"The Lynch family doesn't need your help. You're the one looking for my assistance, otherwise why agree to meet today?"
It was unusual for such a headstrong individual to seek a meeting unless he had something to ask. Yet, when it came down to it, the man seemed reluctant to voice his request. King's fingers twitched at his side, Brielle's words echoing in his mind. Your game is seriously off.
Is it really that bad? He wasn't sure, having never compared notes with anyone else. And when he first got intimate with Brielle, she ended up in tears. In his mind, tears meant pleasure, a sign they wanted more, so he believed she enjoyed their time as much as he did. Now, facing Dustin, North America's most eligible bachelor with a flawless ex-girlfriend track record, King felt out of his depth.
"How can I make her happy?"
Houses, cars, she didn't care for them. Bags, jewelry, even less so. What then? Dustin hid a smirk, keeping his expression smooth.
"Brielle isn't one for material things, but there's something she does love."
"What's that?"
"A diamond ring."
Dustin didn't flinch as he delivered the line, his conscience clear. King's eyes lit up. Right, hadn't Max bought Brielle a diamond ring before? How could he have overlooked such a crucial detail? No wonder his other gifts fell flat. He hadn't hit the mark. "The bigger, the better. She especially loves those the size of a pigeon's egg."
Armed with this new strategy to win over Brielle, King's demeanor towards Dustin cooled.
"I won't assist the Lynch family with their issues. Goodbye."
Dustin smiled, "Alright then, goodbye."
King left the café, Max's warning ringing in his ears, "Don't listen to him." Back in Beaconsfield, Dustin had cozied up to Brielle just to get under Max's skin, sparking a jealous streak. Now, blatantly manipulating King who, when it came to Brielle, seemed to lose all sense of judgment. If he went through with buying a diamond ring, he'd likely end up getting slapped again. 
"I'm not listening to him. Or are you worried, Max? Afraid that if I win Brielle over, she won't want you back?"
Max hated to admit any similarity
between him and King; it was
downright embarrassing. Their only common ground? Their love for Brielle. If only King knew when to keep quiet. A silent embrace could win Brielle over, but his words often poured gasoline on the fire. Max fell silent. Opposition only spurred King on further. The only person who could influence King was Brielle. And the only one who could deceive her was someone from her own family. Had Ronald attempted such a tactic, heads would have rolled. 
King's stubbornness wasn't just about Brielle; it was a double standard. If he truly didn't want to help the Lynch family, he wouldn't have bothered with Dustin in the first place, But he loved to win arguments, even if it meant facing Brielle's wrath again. King walked away, feeling more confident, while Dustin remained seated in the café, absently tracing the rim of his cup. 
King might refuse to ally with the Lynch family, but he wouldn't go out of his way to oppose them either. With diamonds and oil in their grasp, couldn't these riches sway most people? Could the world's wealthiest not leverage an organization? Yet, Dustin's mother hadn't returned. Had she uncovered something else?
All Dustin could do was wait for further instructions from her. He glanced down at his cup, a frown creasing his brow. What was that about a female doctor King mentioned?
###Chapter 1078
When King got back to the mansion, he saw Brielle slouched on the couch, cut off from the world since he'd taken her phone. She looked like she was stuck in some sort of limbo, unable to do anything. Isaac, meanwhile, preferred hiding out in his room, not keen on talking to her.
As soon as King walked through the door and saw Brielle, his eyes softened. He loved the feeling of coming home to her.
Brielle, though, had the opposite reaction. Her face screamed annoyance, her expression a neon sign of disdain, piercing King's heart like a dagger.
But he thought he knew how to make things right.
"Brielle," he called, sitting next to her and taking her hand.
Brielle scowled, feeling an instant headache at the sight of him.
King pulled her into a tight hug, resting his head in the crook of her neck. For a moment, as she looked down at his dark hair, her heart softened.
Then he brought up the kid, and all her buried anger flared back up. She had only just learned about the three years of birth control pills, and the remorse was fresh. His words were salt in the wound, making her cheeks flush red with a mix of rage and pain. King, clueless about her turmoil, nuzzled his head against her neck. "Don't be mad. It was my fault," he murmured.
Brielle stayed silent, at least acknowledging his attempt to apologize. But then he said, "What's done is done, no point in dwelling on it," and she snapped. She wanted to slap him silly.
King was baffled by her reaction, not getting why she was so upset.
"Get out," Brielle snapped, standing up to head upstairs.
Now annoyed, King yanked her back into his arms. "What's the problem? Can't we talk without you throwing a fit?" He had let her slaps and demands to leave slide, but now she seemed to be picking a fight again.
Brielle trembled with anger. How could this man have the same face as Max? If she wasn't hoping for Max to return, she'd never stay near King.
Taking a deep breath, she tried to ignore him, seeing her stay as a means to an end. Max would come back if she waited long enough.
King, thinking she had calmed down, hugged her tighter, feeling smug.
Brielle stayed silent, not wanting to act on her anger. She even closed her eyes to avoid looking at him.
But she still wanted to contact her brother, fearing he might think she was in danger and start a war with King.
"My phone?" she asked, trying to keep her voice calm.
"Why do you need your phone? Planning to run away again?" King hit a nerve immediately.
Brielle's frustration was tangible as she explained, "I just want to call my brother, so he doesn't think I'm being held captive."
"You are being held captive, so he's not wrong," King retorted, his head still resting in the crook of her neck. "Brielle, don't leave me."
Feeling a mix of anger and helplessness, Brielle almost cried, biting back her frustration before managing to say, "Get out."
Meanwhile, Isaac, who rarely ventured out when not hungry, watched the scene from the balcony, with Noir underfoot. Noir didn't protest, just flicked its tail. Isaac climbed down, looking sour. "Noir, let's go outside."
The mansion had plenty of escape
routes, and with Brielle and King in the living room, Isaac chose the back garden. He always had bodyguards with him, and since moving in, King hadn't restricted his movements. King, maybe naively, hadn't realized Isaac lacked basic worldly knowledge, focusing instead on making Isaac solely dependent on him. 
As the boy and his leopard walked through the streets, Noir kept a vigilant eye on their surroundings. Their unusual pairing drew stares and smartphone cameras, particularly because Isaac was strikingly beautiful. 
Isaac felt uneasy about the new woman in the mansion. Though there had always been unfamiliar servants, none had shared King's
bed. She was different; King cared
about her, but her intentions weren't pure. 
###Chapter 1079
Isaac sat on a nearby chair, his eyes lazily scanning the ebb and flow of people in the distance. Among them, a woman stood out, trying her best to hide under her hat. That woman was Alivia.
With a mask, sunglasses, and a hat, only her hands were exposed. Her reputation in North America had been shattered, along with her connections at the institute. After being thrown out by the powerful Lynch family, no one dared to associate with her anymore. Alivia wasn't one to give up easily. Every time she thought about that humiliating night, she wished she could tear Brielle to pieces. She was convinced she could make a comeback-she was Alivia, after all! Raised with elite education, she couldn't accept losing to Brielle. What irked her the most was discovering that Brielle was the long-lost princess of the Lynch family. Desiree Lynch's words from that night haunted her like chains of disgrace. Alivia's eyes were swollen from days of unrest and crying.
Then, she saw the little boy sitting on the chair, and her heart skipped a beat. He looked exactly like Max. There couldn't be two people who looked so alike in this world. Was this Max's child?
A surge of joy flashed across Alivia's face as she approached, but she stopped short when she spotted the watchful panther. In North America, keeping exotic pets wasn't illegal; people in Russia even kept bears. She knew from her time in elite circles that in this world driven by capital, you could own just about anything.
Bracing herself, Alivia asked, her voice trembling, "Are you Max's child?"
Isaac was petting Noir's head, having noticed Alivia from afar but never expecting her to approach. He stayed silent, wary of strangers who approached him.
Alivia's eyes gleamed with excitement. This had to be Max's child! She wanted to laugh aloud. Given the short time Max and Brielle had known each other, this child, who looked about four years old, couldn't be Brielle's.
This meant Max had a child with another woman long before. Did Brielle know? Alivia was eager to expose this. Despite her infamy online, negative attention was still attention. Everyone thought Brielle and Max were perfect for each other, but here was proof Max had a child with someone else.
A sinister smite curled on Alivia's lips
as she looked at the child, her eyes filled with malice. Though delighted this child wasn't Brielle's, she
resented the woman who had Borne
Max's child. Who could be solucky?
She couldn't let this child live. Consumed by jealousy, she said, "Hey there, did you get separated from your daddy? Let me help you find him."
Isaac thought for a moment, considering King back at the villa, and nodded, realizing he was indeed separated from his "daddy."
Alivia extended her hand, a cruel smile on her face. She planned to dispose of the child and send photos to Brielle, hoping to shock her deeply. But Isaac didn't take her hand, sensing her malice as clearly as day. How foolish.
Still, he stood up and agreed, "Okay."
Alivia trembled with excitement. Everyone had treated her like trash, but now she was about to hit back Having lost everything, she cared little for the consequences. She envisioned the child's death as her crowning achievement. 
"Follow me, I know where your daddy is."
Her car was parked not far off, and Isaac followed her. Noir obediently curled up in the back seat, its golden eyes fixed on Alivia.
Alivia felt a chill, knowing if the
panther lashed out, she'd likely be its next meal. Hey kiddo, that panther is quite the attention grabber. There are guests at your daddy's place, and we wouldn't want to scare them. How about we leave it here? Don't worry, I'll bring you right back." 
Isaac glanced at Noir, who growled softly. He patted its head, "Noir, go back."
###Chapter 1080
Alivia's eyes gleamed with a wicked delight as she stepped out of the car to open the door for Noir.
Noir, however, was reluctant to leave, wanting to stay by Isaac's side every moment. But Isaac's command was law to Noir, so with a pitiful whine, it hopped out of the car. As the door slammed shut, Alivia floored the gas pedal, her eyes glinting with malice.
Noir, left behind, sprinted towards the villa, even knowing to knock on the door.
The moment it entered the living room, King noticed. It was strange; Noir was usually glued to Isaac. Why was it back now when Isaac hadn't come down?
King gently laid the still-sleeping Brielle aside, but she woke up as he did.
King stood, briefly checked upstairs for Isaac, and then turned to the shadowy bodyguard.
"Where is he?"
"The young master has left."
King dialed the bodyguards tasked with Isaac's safety, all operating from the shadows.
"Where's the kid?"
"Sir, the young master got into a woman's car-a woman named Alivia. I'll send you the details shortly."
King knew Alivia, and a flicker of anger crossed his eyes. This was a death wish.
"Send me the location and make sure he's safe."
If they couldn't protect a child, they might as well pay with their lives.
"Yes, sir, we won't let the young master out of our sight!"
King strode downstairs, and Brielle, noting his grim expression, instinctively followed him as he was about to leave the villa.
King didn't stop her. In fact, he pulled her into his embrace as they got into the car.
The driver glanced at them through the rearview mirror but kept silent, focusing on the road.
Brielle could tell everyone around King was terrified of him, their heads practically touching the ground when-speaking to him. No surprise there who wouldn't fear a volatile tyrant? en FindNovel
But King seemed oblivious, enjoying the control he wielded over others.
Brielle kept her mouth shut, knowing that talking to King would only result in hearing words she didn't want to hear.
Better to stay silent.
King, feeling triumphant, also kept quiet.
Meanwhile, Alivia had driven to an abandoned amusement park.
The area was recently bought for redevelopment-it used to be a popular amusement park. But after several fatal accidents due to aging equipment, it was shut down and auctioned off. 
Yet, the rides still worked, and Alivia knew just placing the child on one could end in disaster.
The thought of killing Max's child filled her with a twisted satisfaction.
She knew her mind was warped but felt compelled to act.
"Sweetie, your daddy's waiting for you on the Ferris wheel," she coaxed Isaac towards the ride, its gate already open. All he had to do was
step inside, and she could press a
nearby button. 
If the Ferris wheel malfunctioned, Isaac would fall to his death. If not, he'd be trapped until he starved.
Either way, Alivia was pleased with the outcome.
The hidden bodyguards didn't intervene, knowing that Isaac, raised alongside their distrustful master, shared his suspicion. Isaac looked up, taking Alivia's hand.
"Scared, you go first."
Frustration flitted across Alivia's face as she roughly hoisted him by his collar into the ride.
"Don't worry, your daddy's up there waiting for you."
Her face twisted into a grotesque smile, her features contorted with excitement.
###Chapter 1081
After Isaac was set free, a sly grin flickered on his lips. "Sit down, join me," he said.
Alivia wasn't having it. She was about to leave and lock him inside. But in their tussle, Isaac managed to slip out first. Standing outside, he waved just as the Ferris wheel door clanged shut, trapping Alivia inside. "You!" she shouted, taking a deep breath. She thought Isaac had made a mistake and quickly tried to reason with him. "Hey, kiddo, I'm not into this. Let me out now, open the door."
The controls were outside, only Isaac could reach them. Ignoring her, he walked over to the Ferris wheel's control panel a short distance away. Seeing this, Alivia's face turned pale. What was this kid up to? "Have fun," Isaac said casually, pressing the start button.
The Ferris wheel creaked into motion. Alivia felt the cabin groan and screamed in terror. As it swayed mid-air, she clung to the side, tears streaming down her face. Isaac, standing beneath, stepped back a few paces to avoid any potential accidents, his little legs carrying him safely away. The Ferris wheel continued to sway and jerk.
Isaac, looking up for a while, soon found the spectacle rather dull, thinking petting his dog, Noir, would've been more entertaining.
Inside, Alivia was weeping uncontrollably, petrified by every creak and groan, dreading a fall. Through her tears, she peered down through the glass and saw Isaac about to walk away. In desperation, she pounded on the door, "Let me down! Let me out of here!" But at such a height, Isaac couldn't hear her cries.
When King arrived, his gaze
immediately landed on the spinning Ferris wheel. Tales of accidents at this amusement park were no secret, widely covered by the media, leading to several failed auctions. Business is business, after all, and nobody wants to invest in a place
shrouded in bad vibes.
A wave of panic surged through King's heart. Without a second thought for Brielle, he strode quickly towards the Ferris wheel. Brielle, still feeling under the weather and in pain, struggled to keep up as King hurried ahead, disappearing inside.
King's heart was in his throat, fearing the worst for Isaac, his eyes reddening with worry. Feeling almost as if he were walking on clouds, he cursed those supposed to watch over Isaac for allowing Alivia to succeed in her scheme. His chest heaved with anger, unable to utter a single word.
Brielle finally caught up, noticing his distress. "What's wrong?" she asked, still oblivious to Isaac and Alivia's situation. But King was visibly shaken, as if he'd lost something irreplaceable.
"Don't worry," she offered, trying to comfort him despite not knowing the full story hoping to calm him on account of Max's friendship. King's eyes, filled with sorrow, met hers causing Brielle to feel an unexpected pang in her heart. She knew the man before her was King, not Max, and she shouldn't feel this way. But the sadness in his eyes was about to overflow. 
"Don't worry?" King's voice was raspy, his smile bitter. "Of course, you're not worried. You don't even want him alive."
He took a deep breath and continued forward. Brielle was puzzled and grabbed him. "What are you talking about? You're King now, not Max, right?"
Otherwise, why would he say things she couldn't comprehend?
Shrugging her hand off forcefully, King snapped. "Max! Max! That's all you ever think about, Max!"
The force of his push caught Brielle off guard. Already in pain, she lost her balance and fell to the ground. The place, long abandoned and filled with debris like stones, screws, and pieces of metal, was a dangerous landing spot. As she fell, her arm scraped against a piece of metal, cutting a several-centimeters-long gash into her skin. 
###Chapter 1082
But King didn't look at her. Instead, he hurried inside and bumped right into Isaac coming out. Isaac was about to call out when he was suddenly swept into a tight hug by King, who had crouched down to his level.
Isaac could barely breathe, feeling a pang of déjà vu from that one night. He had a terrible fever back then, feeling like he was on the brink of death, gasping for air. When he woke up, his dad was there, looking worn out and nearly in tears upon seeing him awake. Isaac, still young, didn't fully understand adult emotions, but he knew one thing-his dad was terrified of losing him. Just like he feared losing Mom. Now, as King held him so tightly it felt like his bones might break, Isaac said nothing, just wrapped his arms around his dad's neck. King, overwhelmed with panic, felt completely drained. But seeing his son still there was like a lifeline, slowly bringing his strength back. Isaac was about to say something, but the next moment, he found himself pressed against King's chest, with a hand smacking his bottom.
"Smack! Smack! Smack!"
Tears welled up in Isaac's eyes from the pain. "Daddy, it hurts! You're mean."
King took a deep breath, lifting him up and standing. "Who told you to wander off? Haven't I taught you not to talk to strangers? I told you all women are deceivers, why won't you listen!"
Isaac, still hurting from the spanking, sobbed in his arms, not wanting to respond. His stubborn streak was so much like Brielle's. King, about to spank him again, heard Brielle's voice from behind.
"Why are you taking it out on the kid?"
King stiffened, instinctively holding Isaac tighter. Brielle looked pale, with blood staining her arm. Hearing King scolding the child, she realized something had happened, explaining his desperate behavior. Love deeply, reprimand sharply.
King remained silent, his gaze falling on her injured arm. The wound wasn't severe but had bled a lot. With Isaac whimpering in his embrace, he couldn't put him down, so he held Isaac with one arm and grasped Brielle's wrist with the other, leading her outside. Brielle tried to pull away but couldn't. Isaac, biting his lip and laying on King's shoulder, close to Brielle, couldn't help but look up at her. Their eyes met briefly, both slightly startled. For some reason, Brielle couldn't stand to see the child in such a tearful state, realizing the spanks had truly hurt him.
Isaac, sniffing, his long lashes wet
with tears, looked away from Brielle. Now that his bottom didn't hurt anymore, he soon fell asleep on King's shoulder. As for Alivia on the Ferris wheel, he had long forgotten her. Neither King nor Brielle thought about why the Ferris wheel was still moving; it was too high off the ground, and even if Alivia was screaming for help, nobody would hear her. 
Alivia, watching this scene through the Ferris wheel, felt her eyes bulging with rage! Wretch! Wretch! She wished she could cast all the world's most venomous curses on Brielle!
"Ugh!"
Too angry, she spat out blood, pulling out her phone to post on her social media back home. Max already had a child! His true affection wasn't for Brielle at all! No sooner had she posted this message than she wanted to say more vicious words to demean Brielle, but then she heard the sound of screws loosening. Alivia froze, looking up in disbelief.
Was she about to fall? Was she
going to die because of a child's scheme? The Ferris wheel shifted suddenly, and her phone slipped from her grasp to the other side. Alivia sereamed, clutching the seat for dear life, not daring to let go or reach for her phone again. The Ferris wheel swayed in the air, each sway eliciting a scream from her. But in the end, she could scream no more, just stared with eyes full of hatred. 
Far away in the car, King placed Isaac in his lap Isaac, just like Brielle when she slept, found a comfortable position and drifted off. King then took Brielle's hand, noticing the cut, feeling a mix of regret and a stinging sensation in his nose. A smat first-aid kit was within reach. He
took it out, dipped a cotton swab in
disinfectant, and cleaned her wound. 
Brielle, unaccustomed to such tender moments with him, felt uneasy yet cared for. Somehow, it made her heart ache. This King, when infuriating, made her wish she could stab him. Yet, when he was endearing, it was achingly so.
###Chapter 1083
Why did it hurt her so much, even though she was the one injured? It felt like her heart was being squeezed by a giant hand, making it hard to breathe. She turned her gaze away, refusing to look at him.
King disinfected the wound and sprinkled some antiseptic powder over it. Only then did he lift his gaze to her. But Brielle was staring out the window, her profile radiating a clear "keep out" vibe. The room was thick with silence; neither of them spoke.
Isaac, nestled in King's arms, squirmed, nearly falling out. King quickly withdrew his hand from Brielle's palm to catch Isaac, pressing him closer to his chest. Isaac, deep in slumber with a rosy tip on his nose, remained blissfully unaware of the tension around him. His skin was so fair, he looked like a little angel with rosy cheeks and pearly teeth, making the redness on his nose stand out even more.
Brielle looked at Isaac's face, then back at the man in front of her, feeling a sense of being torn apart. Everything felt so surreal; the resemblance between the large and small faces was uncanny. The thought that this child was King's with another woman made her chest tighten; she resolved to ignore him even more.
Meanwhile, at the abandoned amusement park, amidst the violent shaking of the Ferris wheel, heart-wrenching cries could be heard. Someone arrived at the spot Brielle and King had left. Next to him, the wall was smeared with blood, his knuckles all busted, as he coldly watched the direction the car disappeared in. Despite having guessed it earlier, witnessing this scene still felt like a stab to his eyes. A family of three, how harmonious.
Kenzo let out a bitter laugh, tasting the blood in his mouth. He looked up at the still-shaking Ferris wheel, walked inside, and pressed a button. Alivia, who thought she was doomed today, felt the Ferris wheel slowly descend. Through her swollen eyes, she spotted that familiar figure. As the Ferris wheel touched the ground, Alivia scrambled out, collapsing on the ground with tears streaming down her face, clutching at Kenzo's leg.
"Brother, brother! I was so close to
dying," she sobbed, clinging to Kenzo, a testament to her terror. Kenzo remained silent, pinching the tear-stained face before him. Alivia was the picture of someone who had squandered every advantage. Once envied by everyone, a young prodigy with a network in foreign research institutes, the youngest director at the Beaconsfield Institute, surrounded by the wealthy and influential, yet now, she was reduced to this state. Scorned by society, detested by the web.
At this moment, Alivia cared little for her reputation; she was alive, and that was all that mattered. "Brother, I want revenge on Brielle! I want revenge on Max! I want them dead!" She had nearly been murdered by Max's son; she had to retaliate. "Brother, please help me."
Kenzo remained silent, the beautiful
face before him marred by venom and cunning. Having known Alivia for so many years, Kenzo was well aware of why she had failed. Her life had been too smooth; every minor bump felt like a catastrophe. He had truly cared for this sister; after all, during those cautious days in the Barnes family, this sister had shown him a lot of affection, albeit with ulterior motives. Now, looking at each other, they resembled the most pitiful, seeking warmth in their misery. He could no longer have Brielle, and Alivia could never have Max. Yet, neither was willing to let go, both determined to destroy that thorn in their side. 
Kenzo knew, to proceed would be to step into hell, a choice he'd be making of his own volition. He could have been content watching her from afar, basking in the moon's gentle glow. But now, he wished to extinguish that moon himself. If it be his, then he wouldn allow it to be anyone else's, These days had been torturous, for he had uncovered Max's secret, understood the connection between Max and King, and even the child's appearance. He had deliberately uttered those words to disgust Brielle, realizing then how vile a man could become when love was
unrequited. 
Looking at Alivia's face, twisted in ugliness, Kenzo felt a kinship in their grotesque forms. His smile was tender as he helped her up. "I'll help you."
Alivia's cries grew louder, clinging to him tighter. Yet, Kenzo's gaze was fixed ahead, as if immobilized by an unseen force.
###Chapter 1084
Alivia had no idea where this guy was taking her; she just followed along, ending up in front of a sleek mansion. Kenzo didn't offer a hand, just strolled right in. Inside, a middle-aged man was engrossed in a book, his brow furrowing at Kenzo's return. The moment he noticed Alivia, his face darkened. "Why'd you bring someone from Beaconsfield here?"
Panic crept into the professor's voice as he hurried forward. "If you start making decisions on your own, those people will be pissed."
Before the words fully landed, a gun was pressed against his forehead. The professor's pupils shrank in disbelief.
"If you don't care about her well-being, why should I? I've been tangled in her mess for far too long, Father. So long that my patience is running out." A smirk curled Kenzo's lips as he tapped the gun against the professor's forehead. "I'm sorry, but you and Grandpa have been utterly useless."
"Have you lost your mind? Don't forget, your mother's still in their hands," he stammered.
For years, the professor had kept Kenzo under his thumb, dictating his every move because Kenzo's mother was held hostage. Despite being his own flesh and blood, the professor showed no concern. He used his son for his own ends, even sending him to the Barnes family right after birth. When Kenzo was old enough to think for himself, he was told that his true identity could cost him his life if discovered.
Such threats left the boy terrified every day, with the professor occasionally stepping in to 'help' him, taming him like a forsaken beast. He never treated Kenzo as his son. To him, those serving the organization were to forsake everything, to obey without question. They weren't family, just followers of the organization. The organization was sacred, destined to topple everything, demanding absolute loyalty.
But now, his own son was rebelling, even calling them incompetent. The professor was at a loss. His years undercover in Beaconsfield had been successful, with a clear path to retiring with honor. He never thought of himself as incompetent.
With the cold gun against his forehead, Kenzo's eyes were icy. "Having control over medical resources opens up many possibilities. Why stagnate? Maybe it's time for a change in leadership, Father. I regret my mother's death."
His premature acknowledgment of his mother's death showed his indifference towards her fate. This world was mad, devoid of humanity. If he didn't descend into hell, who would?
The professor's face went pale, his eyes darting to the surveillance cameras around them. His heart pounded with fear, cheeks flushing with terror. They were all servants of the organization, forbidden from uttering such sentiments. Walls have ears. Kenzo's return trip had somehow emboldened him to contemplate usurping those in charge. A thought flashed through the professor's mind, narrowing his eyes. "Did you meet with Brielle?"
For years, Kenzo's primary concern
had been his mother's safety, obeying orders only out of necessity. But since reencountering Brielle at Beaconsfield College, he found another reason to care. Kenzo was the professor's perfect creation: gentle, beautiful, capable of betraying even Dustin, his longtime acquaintance. This facade could deceive anyone. But now, his
creation was flawed.
In that moment, the professor understood why Michael had lost his mind. The destruction of a perfect creation was an insult to them. Yet Kenzo looked straight into the camera, his lips curving slightly. "Father, I refuse to be just a tool, unlike you."
His tone was indifferent, signaling to
those watching that they knew his
stance. Sure enough, half an hour later, a car waited at the door for him. Seeing the group of people, the professor's devotion was palpable, his bead bowed, sneaking glances as Kenzo was escorted away. 
Kenzo's hair had grown a bit longer, his skin too pale. As he left, he arched an eyebrow and smiled at the professor. The professor felt a chill through his body, and Alivia was taken along in the car.
Throughout the journey, Alivia didn't
dare utter a word, wishing she could make herself invisible. Kenzo, howeverdeaned back in his seat, his expression indifferent as he gazed at the roof. Ahead of them sat a stunning woman, toying with a gun, her red lips reflected in the rearview mirror. 
"The woman you said you didn't care about, we had her killed. Before her death, she was... Well, let's just say she had a tough time. Poor thing, at her age, to face such an ordeal." Kenzo remained silent, but Alivia shivered at the words. These people were lunatics. Monsters.
###Chapter 1085
As the woman glanced at Alivia through the rearview mirror, she commented, "Nice look you've got there. You sure he'll go for it?"
Alivia, terrified, clung to Kenzo's hand, her voice trembling on the edge of tears.
"Bro, I don't wanna go. Please, don't make me go there."
She didn't know exactly what that place was, but the woman's tone told her it wasn't anywhere good. And Kenzo's mother-how old must she have been? That such a woman could still fall victim to such horrors.
Raped, then killed, and all of it mentioned so casually in front of Kenzo, as if human beings were no more than cattle to them. She was determined not to end up in a place like that!
Kenzo remained silent, only instructing softly, "Pull over."
The woman in the front raised an eyebrow, placing a hand on the driver's wrist. Obediently, the driver stopped the car. Kenzo, with his eyes closed, swallowed hard.
"If you're having second thoughts, you can leave. But don't forget, this is your only shot at getting back at Brielle."
Alivia, sitting by his side, could only see his profile. It was undeniable, Kenzo's face was perfection itself. She used to think of him as the embodiment of gentleness, but now, that gentleness had turned into a blade, ready to slice through flesh and bone. Alivia had already opened the car door, one foot already stepping out, but his words froze her in place. If she left, where could she possibly go? Who else would reach out a helping hand to her?
The same terror she felt on the Ferris wheel came rushing back. If she survived, she was determined to get her revenge on Brielle, no matter the cost. She couldn't bear to see Brielle so content! She was ready to go all out, leaving an indelible scar in Max's heart, even if it meant her death.
The car was silent, everyone waiting for her decision. Alivia's eyelashes quivered as she withdrew her foot and closed the door.
The woman in the front laughed lightly, lighting up a cigarette, taking
a drag, and then passing it toet
Kenzo took it, noticing the bright lipstick mark on it. He held it between his fingers, slightly tilting his head back as he placed the cigarette between his lips. The
woman smiled, her lips curving up.
"Kenzo, do you even realize what you're giving up?"
What did getting into this car mean giving up? Humanity itself. It was like making a deal with the devil, pawning off one's very soul. She had provoked him on purpose, eager to see how he'd react upon learning about his mother's tragic fate. He was unmoved, as if he had truly pawned off his soul.
The woman continued to dismantle a gun, her expression sharp.
"You've passed the test. Congratulations."
Kenzo kept the cigarette between his lips, silent, his gaze fixed on the dark ceiling of the car.
"You're far more ambitious than your father ever was."
What the organization truly desired wasn't obedient dogs but madmen willing to rewrite the rules. The first to raise their voice either faced the bullet or earned admiration. Those willing to be dogs had their secrets held tight by the organization, like Kenzo, who out of love for his mother, who had once saved his life, was willing to do anything to keep her alive. 
As for the likes of the Professor, they were brainwashed, incapable of rebellion. Such individuals were easy to control, but their potential within the organization was limited. Kenzo had seen through this, daring to point a gun at his own father.
The core of the organization craved individuals who stood out, who discarded everything for their cause. Those blackmailed into servitude could never touch the heart of the organization. And those, like the Professor, who became mere followers, could only aspire to minor roles. Only someone like Kenzo, who abandoned his humanity and all emotions, could be truly invincible. Those unable to let go could never truly become anything significant.
Alivia, curled up on the side,
remained silent. She keenly noticed that although Kenzo seemed to be staring at the ceiling, his eyelashes were drooping. There was a hint of crimson at the corners of his eyes, the smoke from the cigarette blurring his vision. In that haze, Alivia sensed his heartache, deeply hidden beneath layers of ferocity. His
madness, his thirst for revenge, was deeper than anyone could imagine. 
###Chapter 1086
Kenzo's thoughts were raw and intense. If Max had once managed to break through Brielle's defenses, making her bear a child while holding her captive, couldn't he do the same? Possessing a woman seemed so straightforward to him. His eyelashes fluttered as he remembered seeing Max kiss Brielle. The allure in her eyes matched any natural beauty he'd ever seen. Jealousy, he realized, was a terrifying beast.
He wanted her irrationally, grotesquely, given his feelings were unreciprocated. But Pandora's box was open; the sin had spread, unstoppable.
In a remote village in Beaconsfield, Emma was chopping wood, her ears catching the gossip of neighboring women.
"That one's dowry was like hitting the jackpot-three hundred thousand! And the guy even threw in a car."
"True that. She's a real looker, unlike some tomboys around here. Pushing thirty and still single. It's like they're cursed."
"And with that burden at home, no wonder no chap's come knocking. It'd be like marrying into a mess."
As Emma finished with the wood, she picked up a stone and hurled it at them, hitting her mark and eliciting yelps of surprise.
She was tempted to chase after them, but a cough from inside the house stopped her. Wiping her hands on her apron, she hurried in. "Emma, *cough* *cough*."
The frail woman leaning on a cane had heard the cruel words too. In this rural setting, being unmarried past twenty was a scandal. Emma supported her, "Mom, let's get you some sun."
Her mother managed a smile, welcoming the warmth outside. Emma fetched water to warm up for her mother's bath later. Peyton, enjoying a rare moment of peace, couldn't help but ask about the man who'd visited.
"Guess he won't be coming back, huh?"
Emma stiffened, adding wood to the fire, "Yeah, probably."
"Mom, I'll get some fish from town later. You've been feeling better."
As she spoke, Emma felt nauseous, her face paling.
Peyton, alarmed by her daughter's sudden ailment, rushed over.
"Emma, what's wrong?"
After feeling Emma's pulse-a skill handed down in a family of doctors-Peyton's face darkened. "Kneel!"
It was the first time she had shouted so since falling ill.
Emma knelt without protest, despite the pain from the wooden floor.
Peyton, trembling with anger, lashed out with a vine, scolding as she did.
"How could you be so careless? Whose child is this? If people find out, how can we stay here?"
The beating continued, Emma's skin breaking under the strikes, yet she remained silent, biting back tears.
Peyton, weeping and shaking, cried, "Who will want you now? You're killing me!"
Emma, worried for her mother's health,
a
Seaded, "Mom, don't be mad.
I can earn money. We don't need
man." . FindNovel
Another strike came. Emma braced herself, accepting the pain.
Vel
"An unwed mother will be scorned everywhere. Your child will be judged Listen to me, we'll end this. I'll brew a potion; you'll drink it. No
one else must know."
Emma remained silent, understanding the harsh reality.
Born out of wedlock in a poor, traditional village meant a life of ridicule for both her and her child: The Moll family, lacking a son and
with Emma still unmarried,
was
already the butt of local jokes.
###Chapter 1087
Peyton was mid-swing with a willow switch when a voice called out from not too far away.
"Good heavens, Mrs. Moll! What are you doing? You better stop before you hurt the child! I've got some great news - someone's interested in your Emma!"
Peyton's hand froze, disbelief etched on her face as she looked up to see the village matchmaker approaching.
The woman was decked out in a bright red cardigan, her face lit up with joy, as she hurriedly pulled Emma up from her knees.
"It's true. The Odeberg family's widower just lost his wife during childbirth, poor soul. She left behind a newborn with no one to care for it. Emma's a nurse, right? She's been taking care of you all these years, so she must know a thing or two about newborns. The Odebergs said if Emma agrees, they'll bring over a $30,000 dowry and take her tonight. Mrs. Moll, this is a golden opportunity!"
Emma, still bleeding and feeling sick to her stomach, was furious upon hearing this.
Was this a marriage proposal or a job offer? Clearly, the Odebergs were looking for a live-in nurse, wanting to buy her lifetime services, including her medical skills, for $30,000.
The matchmaker, still smiling, nodded approvingly at Emma. Though her skin was a bit darker, as long as she could bear sons, that was all that mattered.
"Mrs. Moll, don't hesitate. The Odebergs have even brought the dowry money. That's $30,000! You make that much in a year selling herbal remedies. Plus, despite the man being a bit of a limper, he's got family in town and owns several houses. Many in the village have eyed that spot, but he was taken. Now, with his wife gone and Emma's medical background, this door has opened."
Peyton knew the Odebergs were well-off, and their physical limitations didn't deter admirers.
In a village where venturing beyond was rare, and daughters were seen as less valuable, expected to leave for their husband's household, becoming 'water spilled out of the family,' Peyton would've opted for another child if not for her health issues.
The Odebergs were desperate for a son, having divorced a previous wife for not bearing one. Now, with a son born but the mother lost, they urgently needed a skilled nurse.
Peyton softened her tone, looking at Emma.
"Emma, what do you think of this?"
Emma was about to refuse when the matchmaker continued her persuasion.
"Mrs. Moll, think about it. The Odebergs plan to move to town. Emma, working as a nurse, won't
have to forage for herbs on the mountains. It's a chance for a better life for both of you. You've toiled all your life without a son to
you in old age. Isn't Emme for
all you're counting on?" 
Peyton, initially seeking Emma's opinion, seemed swayed.
"You make a good point. Go back for now. I'll talk it over with Emma, and you can come back later."
The matchmaker's eyes lit up,
knowing the Odebergs urgently
nov
needed someone capable to care for their newborn son. They'd promised her a $5,000 bonus if she succeeded in bringing Emma over. Emma's medical expertise was unquestionable; despite her complexion, her years of caring for her mother proved her capability. 
After the matchmaker left with a cheerful goodbye, only Peyton and Emma remained.
"I'll ask the Odebergs for a couple more days before you go. Drink the concoction I've made to terminate the pregnancy, rest for a day, then you can head over."
"Mom, even if I were to terminate the pregnancy, we'd have to go to town. Our current conditions could lead to complications."
Peyton sighed in relief, seeing Emma's compliance.
"Emma, remember the money that man left? Take it and get the procedure done in town tonight. It's better than suffering from an incomplete abortion." Emma's eyes welled up, choking on her words.
Peyton, holding her hand, sighed softly.
"Don't think I'm heartless. You know what happened to that unmarried girl who got pregnant before. She was beaten to an inch of her life by her family. We've had our share of hard times; I don't want you to be the subject of gossip. Please, let's do this. Once you're with the Odebergs, we can move to town, and if you want children, you can have them with your husband." 
###Chapter 1088
Emma felt a lump in her throat, as if someone was physically holding it tightly, rendering her speechless. Peyton, leaning on a walking stick, entered the room and retrieved the money Patrick had left behind during his last visit.
"Emma, this should be enough for you, and you can even treat yourself to some nice clothes. Go on, after you leave, I'll head over to the Odeberg family and tell them you're off to town to treat someone and won't be back for a few days. The Odeberg family is anxious, and no other woman in the village can take care of people the way you do. They'll wait for you."
Peyton's face was a mixture of concern and urgency, tears rolling down her cheeks.
"I don't know what we've done to deserve this, but here you are, carrying a stranger's child."
Emma's hands trembled as she accepted the money. She had thought, if he ever came back, she would return the money to him. But it had been almost three months, and it seemed unlikely he would return. As the neighbors often said, a celestial being visiting earth is but a fleeting moment before they return to the heavens.
Her fate seemed sealed to follow the traditional path: marry a local man, take care of his family, strive to provide education for her children, and then, like the other gossiping women, spend her days discussing the private affairs of others.
If she hadn't met him, she would have resigned herself to this fate, accepting her family's arrangements without complaint. But what was that night about? Was it a parting gift of affection, or a moment of passion clouded by impaired judgment? There had to be a reason. "Emma, don't hesitate any longer. If you wait, the clinic will be closed. Come now, do as I say."
Holding the cash, a heavy sum of twenty thousand, a fortune for her family, Emma walked out with heavy steps. Patrick had not brought much money with him, given that they usually carried cards, but in this remote village, a card was as good as useless. So, he left what he had as a token of gratitude for sheltering Dustin.
Now, Emma was on her way to town to terminate her pregnancy. As she boarded the bus, her expression was distant, barely noticing when someone greeted her. She just stared out at the mountains, her eyes welling up with tears. How could she have been so naive to think he would come back? The message was clear when he left the money: to forget about that night
and move on. 
It was her fault for not taking precautions and ending up pregnant. The bus, an old model suited for the rugged mountain roads, had a strong leather smell that made Emma nauseous.
She opened the window for some
fresh air, trying to calm her
emotions. But as the bus passed the
, эц
spot where she and Dustin had been stranded where they had shared that night, she couldn't help but revisit those moments. The village women often described such encounters in a way that made her uncomfortable, but with Dustin, it was different. He was unusually handsome, not seeming to belong to this world. 
What struck her most was a compliment he'd given her that night, calling her beautiful. No one had ever said that to her before
because of her dark complexion net
Remembering this made Emma flush with embarrassment, but as she saw the trees passing by, her expression darkened. It was pointless to dwell on it; their paths were unlikely to cross again.
Arriving in town by the afternoon, Emma located a clinic, hesitating as she went to register. She had never been fond of anyone before, let alone been this close to a man, and she couldn't understand the pain she was feeling. She touched her stomach, doubting her decision to go through with it.
The janitor, with a thick accent, asked if she was lost. Emma, feeling weak in the knees, shook her head. She had always been healthy, accustomed to the physical demands of village life, but now felt utterly unwell. The clinic had a stifling atmosphere, and Emma found herself sitting nervously as she waited her turn.
She overheard a conversation between two young women, one comforting the other about a decision to terminate her pregnancy due to being deceived by a man who was already married.
"Men's promises are as reliable as pigs flying," one said.
That phrase struck Emma like a hammer to the heart.
###Chapter 1089
She wasn't entirely sure if she liked Dustin or not. That night, she could've said no, but Dustin's words made her hesitate just long enough for him to get what he wanted. Looking back, she wondered if Dustin had lied to her. Men would say anything to get a woman into bed. It was her naivety, believing his sweet talk.
The girl who had been crying earlier went inside the clinic, and the nurse continued to comfort her, "It'll be over quickly, and there's no need for a D&C, so it won't hurt." Emma felt a chill run through her body. Her mind was a complete blank, unsure of what to think. It felt like an eternity before the nurse called her name. Emma stood up, her legs numb, almost stumbling to the side. The nurse helped her, realizing she was there alone, another woman deceived by love. With a sigh, the nurse said, "You've got to take care of yourself, dear. Our bodies are different, and it's important to use protection when you need to."
Emma trembled, stepping back. But then her mother's words echoed in her head, making it hard to breathe. Getting rid of the baby would allow her to start anew in town. Her mother had struggled her whole life worrying about Emma getting married. Clutching her fists, she followed the nurse inside.
"Take off your pants," the doctor instructed, holding a device and pointing to the bed. "And lie down."
Emma, pale with fear, stepped back, holding onto the door frame. The doctor, seeing her hesitation, frowned. "Don't hold up the others."
With her face a mix of red and white, Emma slowly approached the bed.
Meanwhile, across the ocean in North America.
Dustin had a restless night, partly from digging into the butler's background and uncovering the extensive network behind him. Even though he had removed their spies from the Lynch family, he wasn't sure if other North American families were involved and needed further investigation.
The other reason for his unrest was something King had told him about a female doctor saving him, which puzzled Dustin since he had assumed Max was the one who had helped him.
As Dustin massaged his temples, there was a knock on the door. It was his ex, a famous model, trying to worm her way back into his good graces.
Sighing, Dustin opened the door to find her throwing herself at him like a butterfly.
"You've been so busy, make sure you eat well. I'd hate to see you go hungry," she purred.
Dustin, tall and dressed in a thin white shirt with the top buttons casually undone, had a cold, pale complexion that contrasted with his charming eyes, which alone could
mesmerize anyone. 
toFindNovel
He had been too busy for dalliances and wasn't one to rekindle old flames. But the woman, not taking no for an answer, straddled him on the couch.
"Now that your sister is found, you don't have to run around anymore. The media mentioned your true love, but that must have been your sister hidden away. Since there's no lover, could you consider taking me back? I'll quit modeling and be the perfect housewife," she offered. 
Dustin looked at her face, his hand moving up her waist as he smiled slightly. "The perfect housewife?"
Despite not being Australian, she had learned fluent Mandarin for Dustin, even mastering phrases like "the perfect housewife."
"I even learned to cook, though I'm not as good as you. Look, I even got blisters from cooking," she said, showing her pampered hands with two blisters. Dustin examined her hand, kissing the injured fingers gently, "Does it hurt now?"
Her cheeks flushed, her body tingling. "No, not anymore."
"Then you should head back, look at you, with dark circles under your eyes. Haven't been resting well?" he asked, concern lacing his voice.
Startled to hear about the dark
circles, she quickly got off him,
covering her face. "Don't look at met It must be from the magazine shoot. I even went for a cosmetic
treatment before seeing youver?
QUMS
###Chapter 1090
How could she let Dustin see the dark circles under her eyes?
Dustin chuckled, a captivating sound escaping from his elegant throat. "Beauty sleep beats any cosmetic procedure. Go home and catch some Z's."
Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. Not wanting to show him her less flattering side, she quickly covered her face, planted a swift kiss on his cheek, leaving a lipstick mark, and dashed off. Once she reached the ground floor, the cool breeze instantly cleared her head. Wait a minute, she came here to patch things up, so why did she let herself be sweet-talked into leaving again? Touching her face, she pondered. It was the kind of face currently adored in the modeling world, but did she really have dark circles? Maybe another visit to the beauty clinic wouldn't hurt. Back inside, Dustin grabbed a tissue to wipe off the lipstick mark from his cheek. Feeling a bit uneasy, he tossed the tissue aside, got up, and poured himself a drink from the cabinet, not quite sure where this sense of unrest was coming from. Finally, he took out his phone and called King, needing to discuss the matter about the female doctor.
King was in the middle of giving Isaac a bath when the phone rang. Isaac had spent the day exhausting himself at the amusement park and had fallen asleep before he could be bathed. Now that the boy was awake, it was time to get him squeaky clean. Hearing the ringtone while his hands were wet, he couldn't pick up the phone and shouted, "Brielle!"
Brielle was just outside, lost in thought while staring at the room. There were no children's toys inside, just a black panther lounging lazily-Isaac's only playmate in lieu of a childhood filled with regular toys. The room was stark and monochrome, nothing like a child's vibrant sanctuary.
Feeling a heaviness in her chest at the thought, she entered upon hearing King's call. Isaac, naked and sitting in the bathtub with bubbles atop his head, was being gently scrubbed by King, his eyes closed in obedience as he held onto the edge of the tub. "Brielle, check who's calling my phone."
Without a word, still harboring a grudge against the man but not wanting to endure another of his lectures post-bath, she picked up the phone and awkwardly held it to his ear. King, sensing her reluctance, grew frustrated. "Hit the answer button for me."
Brielle frowned, reluctantly pressing the button, only then noticing the caller was her brother. Why would her brother call this man? Ignoring King further, she left the bathroom with the phone.
King, infuriated, shouted, "Brielle, if you dare scheme to run off with him, I'm chaining your feet the moment you're done."
His anger made him scrub a bit too hard, causing suds to cling to Isaac's eyelashes. "Daddy, bubbles."
King was too busy to leave, half-heartedly rinsing his son while straining to catch any sound from outside. Brielle, ignoring the commotion from the bathroom, answered the call. "Bro?" Dustin, surprised to hear Brielle, realized King wasn't as strict with her as he pretended. "Little kite, can you ask King about the female doctor for me?"
Without delving into the details with Dustin, Brielle understood these two must have crossed paths just from that sentence and returned to the bathroom. King, relieved to see her return his earlier discomfort easing, continued bathing Isaac in sitence. Brielle, catching a glimpse of vulnerability from the back of his head, chose to ignore it and simply held the phone to his ear. 
Dustin's voice came through, asking about the female doctor. King, wondering why Dustin was fixated on this, didn't indulge in gossip but didn't hide the fact that Emma had saved him either. Dustin, hoping for some recognition, found none, pondering if his memory was
affected by a concussion Deciding it wasn't worth dwelling on, he ended the call. 
King had just finished rinsing Isaac off, and as Brielle attempted to help, Isaac recoifed, his eyes full of distrust, even batting her hand away. Witnessing this, King's heart squeezed, and he gently told her, "The little cicada is very wary of
bel.
people. You better go; I'll finish up here soon." 
###Chapter 1091
Brielle glanced at Isaac, noticing his struggle with communication. He couldn't string together complete sentences and had a blurry grasp of the world around him. He was also extremely suspicious of people.
His eyes met Brielle's with a guarded caution.
A sense of discomfort settled over Brielle, though she couldn't quite figure out why.
Isaac probably knew, deep down, that he'd been found abandoned in a dumpster. This reality had been part of his earliest memories, making him wary of women. Plus, he was convinced Brielle had ulterior motives for getting close to his dad, which only heightened his wariness around her.
Brielle stood up and quietly left the bathroom.
King stayed seated, watching Isaac, who seemed to relax a bit. Not knowing what to say, King just reached out and gently pinched Isaac's cheek.
Telling Brielle now that Isaac was the child she had given birth to would seem like a fairy tale to her.
And if Isaac found out Brielle was his mom, he'd probably want to move out of the mansion ASAP to keep his distance.
The chasm between mother and son seemed impossible to bridge.
Isaac's personality was a lot like Brielle's-stubborn and reserved. With his communication issues, he kept everything bottled up, making him even more reluctant to talk.
He was like a hedgehog, curled up tight, only peeking out when King was around.
Sometimes, King wondered if he was being selfish, wanting to be Isaac's entire world and keeping him isolated. If Isaac left, King didn't know what he'd have left to live for.
After carrying the sleepy child out of the room, Isaac fell asleep on his shoulder, his chubby cheeks smushed against King's neck, lips slightly puckered.
King laid him on the bed and noticed Brielle standing by the window, looking out at the garden.
Noir, mimicking her, was also by the window, front paws up as if trying to get a better view.
The sight made King smile, but before he could say anything, his phone rang. Seeing the caller ID, he frowned and headed downstairs.
His driver took him to a castle he owned in North America. King had another fortress in Saudi Arabia, both heavily guarded and almost impossible for outsiders to enter. 
en FindNovel
IMS
Masked, he walked into the grand hall of the castle, the majestic atmosphere hitting him immediately.
The castle was enormous, built into the mountainside, and filled with bodyguards hidden in the shadows. Nearby was a facility he used for recruitment. "Sir."
A man who had been waiting knelt as King approached. They had the same build and voice, but the man's face was unmasked-it was Myles.
King walked past him and settled on a grand sofa in the middle of the room. The castle felt empty, with no servants around.
"Did you find anything?"
Myles, not daring to look King in the eye, kept his gaze on his shoes as he knelt.
"The organization is called 'The Order of Light,' founded by a group of exiles from decades ago. They're cunning, with connections
worldwide, and experts at
hove
brainwashing." 
A group of exiles, desperate enough to try and change the world?
King tilted his head, resting it on his hand.
It had to be more than just exile. They were probably globally wanted with nowhere to go, so they created their own kingdom and brainwashed a following.
Despite this, their influence had grown significantly over the years.
Ronald was one of their followers.
His actions alone had caused unrest
within the Dorsey family in Saudi Arabia, eventually leading to a coup within the royal family. 
King never saw Ronald as a threat, having studied his tactics for so long. But the shadowy organization behind him was still largely a mystery to King.
His people had been investigating, sometimes crossing paths with Dustin's agents, suggesting that Dustin was just as alarmed by their findings.
###Chapter 1092
Dustin had a knack for staying unbrainwashed over the years, thanks in part to his ever-vigilant grandma who always made sure he had a hot meal on the table, and partly because of his naturally sunny disposition and constant alertness.
But Desiree from the Lynch family falling ill was no accident. Clearly, someone was trying to drive a wedge between Dustin and Desiree. After all, Desiree was a thorn in their side, messing up their plans. But the Lynch clan wasn't one to just roll over. If Desiree had died,
Raymond and Dustin would have turned over every rock until they found the culprit, potentially exposing the butler's betrayal.
So the mastermind behind it all had been clever, just leaving Desiree bedridden. Dustin, however, threw them for a loop by not falling for their brainwashing tactics. Desiree and Brielle owed their lives to him.
King had agreed to collaborate with these shadowy figures, but they were cautious, only sending Ronald as their representative all these years without revealing any core members. Now, he had Myles on the case, but the investigation was proving to be a tough nut to crack.
It wasn't that King was reluctant to join forces with the Lynch family; it was just that their household had been infiltrated by the butler, and Dustin had his own Judas to worry about. It was unclear if the Lynch family had rid themselves of all moles, and any premature alliance could tip off the enemy.
"Sir, they're too on guard. Ricardo in Beaconsfield is a top-ranked hitman, but there was someone even more dangerous before him. No one knows if it's a man or a woman, but they've taken out many over the years. We've got nothing on their base or any of the key players, I'm sorry."
Myles spoke with sincerity, his head bowed, showing no sign of the man who had once hoarded mementos of Brielle. King, resting his head on his hand, glanced at the clock on the wall and said in a calm voice, "Ricardo is a wild card. It's uncertain if he'll continue to do their bidding. Have our people in Beaconsfield keep an eye on him. If he harms anyone else, take him out."
By "anyone else," he meant Stellar Stage Entertainment. Now that Ricardo was an actor under Stellar Stage Entertainment, diligently working on set, and since Stellar Stage Entertainment was Brielle's pride and joy, King, albeit begrudgingly, didn't want to see it come to harm and upset her.
"Find the person who was ranked above Ricardo."
"I'll do my best."
Myles didn't dare meet King's gaze, remaining on his knees. Being chosen as a double was a stroke of luck for Myles. King's trust was hard to earn, his suspicion running deep Myles was the only one who had stayed by his side for so long, his identity as a double never changing. It wasn't without reason; he mimicked King so well that even he sometimes couldn't tell if he was Myles, Max, or King. Every glance, every step, was flawless. Having achieved such perfection, it was no wonder King was pleased with him. 
"It's not about trying. If you can't find them, don't bother coming back."
Myles kept his head down, not daring to argue. Only when he was sure King had no further orders did he rise, careful not to meet his gaze as he left the castle. This place was off-limits to most, except for the few who delivered meals to the young master. Myles was the exception. A sense of satisfaction washed over him as he made his way out, a smile playing on his lips. 
After being escorted from the castle, he got into his car. Just as he was about to start the engine, he noticed someone in the rearview mirror. The intruder leaned forward, admiring the view of the castle through the windshield, and remarked, "Nice castle, pity it's not yours. Are you really content being someone else's lapdog?" 
Myles gripped the steering wheel, his face turning cold. "Get out."
The stranger chuckled, "Your collection room was trashed, and you were furious, searching for the culprit for days. Haven't found them, have you? Ever considered that your master might already know about your little hobby?" Myles reached for the dagger beside him, attempting a backward stab, but the intruder was quicker, deflecting the blade and pinning Myles by the throat. Pinned to the seat, Myles's face flushed red with the effort to break free.
"No matter how well you mimic him, a dog is still a dog. All these years, hiding behind that mask, using his identity to wield power, have you forgotten who you truly are? I could kill you as easily as stepping on an ant. But taking out your master, that would be a real challenge. Wake up, you'll never be King."
###Chapter 1093
Myles found himself pinned to the chair, his heart racing as he tried to process what was happening. The man leaning over him smirked, closing the distance between them. "It's sad, really," he said, his voice dripping with disdain. "Being someone else's shadow, losing your sense of self." Myles felt a wave of humiliation wash over him. He was supposed to be invincible; with that mask on, everyone obeyed him. He was used to calling the shots, but now, here was someone tearing down his fa?ade without mercy. Everything he had, he owed to that mask. Without it, he was nothing.
"But I must admit," the man continued, "it's impressive how you've managed to stay disguised by that man's side for so long. Truly the top hypnotist."
Myles' skills in hypnotism were indeed unmatched in the world. He was so adept that he could even hypnotize himself, which made the truth all the more humiliating when came out.
"What do you want?" Myles demanded, his voice tinged with desperation.
The last time this man had appeared out of nowhere, he had mocked Myles, as if urging him to face reality. But even if he did, what then? He liked being the King's shadow; without that role, he wasn't sure what else he could do. "Your feelings for Brielle," the man said, "do they stem from a suggestion you placed on yourself, or do you truly like her?"
Myles didn't answer because he wasn't sure himself. He had blurred the lines between fiction and reality. He was the King, and the King loved Brielle, so did the shadow. He loved her so much that he wanted to cherish everything she used, not even sparing a cup. As if by doing so, he could prove he was a proper shadow.
"Work with me," the man offered, releasing Myles' neck. "I'll help you completely take his place."
A flicker of excitement crossed Myles' face, quickly replaced by disappointment.
"Didn't you hypnotize Brielle once?" the man continued. "You almost ended up killing that kid, but the King never doubted you. That means you have the potential to do more than just be someone's shadow. Are you really content with that?" Content?
The sound of a car door opening interrupted the tense silence. The man got out of the backseat and disappeared into the night, leaving Myles to ponder the proposition. Myles gripped the steering wheel tightly, his palms sweaty with anxiety. Meanwhile, in the grand mansion, the King sat unmoved on the couch as his phone rang. It was Joseph.
"Sir, we found the doctor who delivered Ms. Brielle's baby. Should I bring this person to the villa or the mansion?"
"The mansion."
The King waited, and half an hour later, Joseph arrived, accompanied by a trembling middle-aged female doctor. Her legs shook at the sight of the grand building. Joseph led her in, and seeing the King on the couch, took his place silently behind him.
"Sir," Joseph began, "she changed her name and fled to Africa, living under the radar. It was only recently that someone on a mission there caught wind of her."
24. 24
A gynecologist disappearing right after handling Brielle's delivery was suspicious. At the time, Brielle's actions of discarding the child had. enraged the King. He knew of her hatred and believed she was capable of such an act. Back Brielle would have used any means toretaliate against him. She had tried fasting and falling down stairs to lose the child. They were like beasts tearing at each other, and he had indeed been hurt by her. 
The King didn't want to dwell on the childbirth, but recent interactions with Brielle, coupled with Max's subtle influence, made him suspect there was more to the story. Upon investigation, it turned out the doctor had vanished long ago. If the doctor hadn't done anything wrong, why disappear right after Brielle's
delivery? 
Now, the doctor knelt before him, trembling and silent, unable to even beg for mercy. The King's patience was wearing thin when Joseph spoke up.
"Sir, her tongue was cut out, possibly voluntarily. I checked her past accounts; she received a transfer of ten million dollars, clearing her abusive husband's gambling debts and ensuring a good life for her and her child in Africa."
The woman bowed her head, shaking and sweating with fear. The King frowned, knowing that even without a tongue, she should be able to make some sounds, yet the doctor remained silent.
Just as the King was about to
request paper and pen, a thought struck him like lightning. He suspected a contraceptive coil. Narrowing his eyes, he pieced together the puzzle, his gaze filled with fury. This woman was clearly ready to face death, maintaining her silence until now. But what mattered more to the King was whether the child was actually discarded by Brielle. Did she personally throw it into the trash bin? 
###Chapter 1094
The woman just knelt there, seeming deaf to his voice.
King let out a mocking chuckle, spinning a dagger around his finger, but it was Joseph, standing behind him, who chose that moment to speak up. "Sir, she's made up her mind to die. If she cut out her own tongue, there's nothing we can do now."
Joseph was the only one bold enough to interrupt King when he was giving orders. During King's absences from the castle, it was Joseph who had taken care of Isaac's meals three times a day. If Joseph had wanted to betray him, he could have used Isaac as leverage long ago. Back then, King was desperate, willing to give in to any threat just to keep Isaac alive.
He didn't want to dwell on the memories of Isaac's birth-it was too brutal. Finding the crying baby in a dumpster left him speechless. He held the child tightly, feeling like his chest was being torn apart, unable to think of anything else.
It was then he realized just how much Brielle despised him. But what had he done to hurt her so badly? He had only wanted her to stay.
That week, he remained silent, stationed by the hospital bed in protective gear, watching doctors perform emergency procedures on Joseph. He couldn't let go of the baby's hand, as if letting go would mean losing the child for good. He didn't visit Brielle, who was likely still in the labor room, under the care of his people. He was too cowardly to face her, each breath a painful effort.
Had the doctors declared the child wouldn't make it, he probably wouldn't have wanted to live either. Time seemed to stand still until he heard the baby's cry. He didn't dare hold the child, merely tickling the tiny hand with a finger.
"Sir, the child will live." Hearing those words, he collapsed. Before losing consciousness, he told Joseph, "Let her go, but if she wishes to stay..." But he knew there was no "if." Her treatment of this little life clearly showed her immense hatred for him. "Joseph, arrange for her departure." After uttering those words, he couldn't hold on any longer and passed out.
In his recollection, he had never fallen ill. He always maintained his health to eliminate obstacles and keep Max from discovering his existence. His days were too occupied for sickness. Yet, this time was different; he truly fell ill, waking up a month later to find Joseph kneeling beside his bed, informing him that Myles had already arranged for Brielle's departure.
"Sir, Ms. Brielle has left. The young master is still alive. I've been caring for him this month." Near the floor-to-ceiling window stood a crib where the child slept soundly, a baby bottle beside him.
In the Sanchez family, Joseph was
practically invisible, treated as a servant despite being a child of the family head: He was bullied and tasked with caring for the offspring of various lovers, a role he couldn't refuse, meticulously ensuring their well-being. Thus, his expertise in child care was unparalleled. Isaac was remarkably well-behaved during King's coma, rarely crying. 
"Sir, the young master is very beautiful." King remained silent in bed, clenching his fists weakly. He should have gotten up to see his child, longing for him to be alive. Yet, the pain was overwhelming, and for a moment, he even wished Max hadn't awakened during that month. Was his emotional turmoil so intense that it seized control of his body? A numbing pain in his chest, as if a gaping hole had been punched through, bleeding out. 
Before Brielle, he had no significant worries. After her departure, no pain seemed worth mentioning.
"Sir, please, find your strength." Joseph's plea came from the floor, head bowed, not daring to meet his gaze. "Furthermore, entering this castle without your permission, I'm at your mercy for any punishment." His sincerity was evident, even as his eyelashes drooped in submission.
Joseph was undeniably handsome,
a trait that proved disadvantageous within the Sanchez family. In North American circles, far wilder and more open than those in
Beaconsfield, sexual maturity was attained early. Being the illegitimate child and nanny of the Sanchez family, Joseph's attractiveness drew the lustful gaze of some unscrupulous elders. The Sanchez family, never considering him one of their own, readily cast him aside. 
King "rescued" him, though it was more an act of convenience. At that time, Max's DreamTech Designs was thriving, and one particular elder happened to be an obstacle. Eliminating obstacles for Max was King's passion. The elder died, and Joseph, just nineteen, was found tied to a bed in a humiliating pose. It seemed King arrived too hastily for the elder to act on his desires.
King wasn't known for good deeds. Condemned to a life in hell, no amount of righteousness would erase his sins in the eyes of the underworld.
###Chapter 1095
But he offhandedly tossed a knife to Joseph.
In that moment, Joseph struggled to grab the knife, cutting through the ropes binding his legs. He quickly threw on a shirt from beside the bed and trailed after him, step by step. King was a bit confused. Why was this guy following him? He wasn't into that kind of thing.
Before he could say anything, he watched as Joseph turned around and knelt down in silence. Like a loyal, devoted dog.
But King didn't need a dog. He trusted no one.
"Sir, my life is in your hands now."
This came from a nineteen-year-old, but King wasn't much older himself.
"My name's Joseph. I'm from the Sanchez family."
In North America, the famous casinos are run by the Sanchez family.
Anyone involved with casinos couldn't be good news.
But then, King wasn't exactly a saint himself, so he found the whole casino business quite intriguing.
A smirk crossed his face. He had an idea.
"What do you need from me to take down the Sanchez family?"
He saw a fire in this man's eyes, a fire of vengeance.
A tiny spark can start a great fire, and this blaze was ready to consume the Sanchez family.
Joseph had already seized control of the Sanchez family, just not publicly. The family was caught up in their internal squabbles, all of them losers in the end. Joseph had inherited King's mantle, enjoying the sight of these people fighting amongst themselves to no avail.
That's why Kailee had said, someone would step in to stop her.
In reality, the Sanchez family had long been Joseph's, and King's by extension, though no one knew it.
For a month, King had been in and out of consciousness, only ensuring Brielle was sent away before slipping into unconsciousness.
Joseph, not trusting anyone else with his care, entrusted King's safety to Myles, King's shadow.
Joseph was the fourth to enter the castle, after King, Brielle, and Isaac.
Now, as he kneeled by the awakening King, he sought forgiveness for entering without permission and living there for a month. King didn't blame him; instead, he had him deliver meals to Isaac.
This was the first time King really saw Joseph.
By then, Joseph had already taken down the Sanchez family, rarely returning to them, quietly working by King's side.
King was indeed in a state of despair, contrary to his distrustful nature. He shouldn't have kept this man by Isaac's side. If Joseph had run off with Isaac, threatening King, it would have nullified years of effort, perhaps even endangering Max. 
But he didn't want to think about it, nor did he want to remember anything about Brielle.
After she left, he felt soulless, even more lifeless than before.
But over the years, Joseph managed everything perfectly, meeting all of King's demands.
Now, Joseph was stopping King, advising him not to use the knife, as it was pointless. King glanced at him. Joseph immediately lowered his head.
The female doctor had been trembling all along, silent even under the threat of the knife.
If, as Joseph said, she had cut out her tongue to prove loyalty, then the knife held no threat.
The pain of self-mutilation was the highest form of suffering.
She was lucky to be alive.
But letting her off just like that was out of the question.
King squinted, asking behind him.
"Joseph, who sent Brielle away?"
"Sir, I left that to Myles."
"Max found out Brielle had a contraceptive device implanted. Did you do that?"
Joseph kneeled suddenly, his expression calm, "I wouldn't dare."
"Then who would?"
Joseph remained silent, hesitating for a few seconds before saying sternly, "Myles." As King's shadow, Myles held significant power.
Before falling into a coma, King had entrusted this matter to Joseph. But, concerned for his and Isaac's safety, Joseph had passed it on to Myles. 
Joseph brought King and the newborn back to the castle, where King remained unconscious foca month. By the time he woke up, Brielle was gone. 
After that, King never sought out Brielle again.
He couldn't bear going through that pain once more.
Now, as Joseph suggested, the most likely culprit was Myles, the shadow King had personally trained.
What a pity, King had been quite satisfied with his shadow.
###Chapter 1096
"Get up."
King's words were soft, almost a whisper.
Joseph rose from the ground, handing back the dagger with a respectful gesture.
"Sir, do I need to deal with Myles?"
A chuckle escaped King, though it didn't quite reach his eyes. "If he's smart, he'd have run off by now. Those folks might have gotten to him. Myles has been by my side long enough to be of use to them." "Sir, I still want to check on him."
A flash of determination crossed Joseph's eyes. If Myles had indeed betrayed them, he felt partly responsible. It was he who had entrusted Myles with the task, giving him the opportunity.
"I'll take the punishment myself."
King had stood up by then, his gaze fixed on the woman doctor in front of him.
"Handled."
If she wouldn't speak, then she'd never get the chance again.
To think, a doctor, trading her ethics for ten million dollars. She may be pitiful, but weren't others just as deserving of pity? What about Isaac?
Leaving the mansion, King felt a heaviness in his heart, memories of a painful past concerning childbirth surfacing. It was a chapter of his life he'd rather forget, the only time he'd fallen seriously ill, comatose for a whole month. "Max?"
He called out mentally, not expecting an answer. Yet, a few minutes later, Max responded with a detached, "Hmm."
"I never used one of those things on Brielle."
The idea of a contraceptive device, despite its effectiveness, was repulsive to him. The thought of it rusting, causing infections, and pain was unbearable. He'd rather undergo surgery himself than subject Brielle to that. He believed Max would feel the same.
"Hmm."
"What does that 'hmm' mean? Don't you believe me? Well, I guess you all think I'm the bad guy."
Silence followed.
King was fuming, "Show yourself."
No response came.
Back at the villa, hearing that Brielle had gone out made his mood plummet.
The servants, noticing his darkening demeanor, were visibly shaken. "Since sir never mentioned Ms. Brielle couldn't leave, we thought..."
Indeed, King hadn't explicitly forbidden Brielle from stepping out. He had simply assumed she would stay by his side.
Now, with Brielle gone and those haunting memories fresh in his mind, his mood turned icy.
Brielle, unaware of his return, had stepped out following a call from Mason. Since the fire incident, she'd been under the weather and out of touch with Mason, who kept her updated via messages. Yet today, Mason had called. 
Her phone, taken by King, wasn't on him but left on the nightstand, easily found by Brielle.
She was needed at a company meeting, her first face-to-face with all the executives. Though she had virtually met them during her time in Beaconsfield, this was different.
As Brielle's car neared the company building, it was stopped by another vehicle. Her brow furrowed at the sight of the man stepping out, his expression stormy.
King opened her car door, his dark eyes fixed on her.
The car, borrowed from the villa and
equipped with a tracking system
allowed King to locate her in
seconds, and the driver, a villa servant, went pale at his arrival. 
"Sir."
"Get out."
His voice was ice, prompting the servant to quickly vacate the driver's seat.
Brielle, seated in the back, tensed as King approached.
"I'm not running away."
She could tell something was off; he seemed beyond reason, immune to explanations.
"Brielle, why can't you just listen?"
He pulled her closer, his grip firm.
"I don't know what I've done wrong; you're always looking to escape."
A shiver ran through Brielle, her instinct to argue, but he silenced her with a finger to her lips.
"Stop. I don't want to hear it. You want Max back, don't you?"
With a hollow laugh, he scooped her into his arms, heading for his car.
Brielle struggled; the company executives were waiting for her leadership at the meeting, a gathering stirred by her anticipated visit. "King!"
Her protest was cut short as she was pressed into the car's back seat.
###Chapter 1097
Brielle was seething, pushing against his chest with all her might, but the man was strong, her efforts seemingly vanishing into thin air.
Her lips were captured in a fervent kiss, and her buttons were undone one by one. She could hear her phone ringing, probably Mason checking in on where she was. A wave of helplessness washed over her. With Max's face so close, she couldn't muster any hatred for him. She didn't understand why she felt this way, only that his urgent kisses seemed to reveal a fragile, sensitive heart beneath his tough exterior. But it really hurt; he was always forceful, making her tense and even fearful of these encounters. Her face paled from the pain, yet he didn't stop, pressing his forehead against hers as if that could offer him some solace. Brielle just couldn't get a read on him, his temper changing so quickly.
"It hurts, it hurts," she finally cried out, especially seeing him still looking dapper while she was left exposed. And this was happening on a busy street, surrounded by countless cars. He truly did whatever he pleased, never asking if she wanted it. King paused, hearing the honking around them. The car was parked right in the middle of the road, and many drivers seemed ready to confront them, but were held back by his men. And his men, obviously, knew what was happening inside the car. Brielle felt a deep embarrassment, like being forced to perform in front of a crowd. Her phone continued to ring. She reached for it, but King took it and switched it off.
"Brielle, just look at me."
Brielle bit her lip, feeling a sudden urge to cry. But she didn't, overwhelmed by a profound sense of powerlessness. She thought maybe this person, influenced by Max, did care about her in some way. If only she wasn't waiting for Max to return. She lowered her lashes, falling silent. But King wanted to control even her thoughts, kissing her repeatedly before asking, "Does it really feel that bad?"
Brielle turned her head away; she had lost the desire to engage with him the moment he turned her phone off. King was also struggling but dared not continue his advances. He tidied her clothes, scooped her into his arms, and commanded, "Drive." The driver, pale as a ghost, wondered if he'd survive the day if he disobeyed King's orders regarding Ms. Brielle. Trembling, he drove, his face drained of all color.
When the car stopped at the villa,
King's gaze on the driver was full of menace. Brielle, exhausted, felt every bone in her body ache with anger She had stood up all her superiors, and now, with Mason unable to reach her, he must be worried sick.
Alb because of the man before her. 
And now, it seemed he was ready to vent his anger on someone else. Brielle, eyes closed, clutched at the fabric of his shirt. "Don't be hard on him."
The murderous intent in his eyes vanished instantly, surprised she was still willing to speak to him. He looked down at her with a softer gaze. But Brielle kept her eyes closed, not meeting his gaze.
This was enough to satisfy him. He no longer troubled the servant but carried her into the villa. King didn't want to stay in this villa any longer, fed up with the servants' lack of understanding. He wanted to take Brielle back to the castle, leaving only a few to prepare meals. He gently kissed her cheek. "Let's go to the castle, we'll leave right away."
Brielle didn't respond. Even if she
wanted to refuse, he wouldn't listen. She wondered if the departure of that woman had left a deep scar in his heart, making him fragile and sensitive, always fearing
ve?
abandonment, leading to his current behavior. But none of this was her fault. She didn't have to pay for another woman's actions. 
For now, she couldn't fight him and had to stay by his side until Max returned. She felt powerless. She also worried that if she left, he might actually follow through with his threats to marry someone else,
Carrying Max's information with him.
With his temperament, there was nothing he wouldn't do. 
###Chapter 1098
Moving to the manor took less than an hour. Isaac had been here before and knew the place like the back of his hand. The moment they arrived, he whisked Noir off to the backyard.
Behind the manor was a hill that led to the highlands. When Dad wasn't around, Isaac used to take Noir on little adventures up there. Now, back at the manor, Isaac was over the moon, disappearing in a flash.
Brielle, on the other hand, felt uneasy the minute she walked in. The space was vast, but she felt suffocated, like she was trapped in a maze of panic she'd never escape. She clung to King, her hands tightening as she scanned the surroundings warily.
The manor was pretty empty; apart from the occasional servant delivering meals, there were no outsiders. Outside, though, there were plenty of bodyguards and cleaning staff. This emptiness made Brielle even more uneasy, and King gently placed her on the couch. "Take a rest for a bit," he said, his voice soothing..
Brielle was clearly not a fan of the place, but King tried to comfort her, gently stroking her back. "This place is beautiful, isn't it? We could even have our wedding here."
Wedding?
Brielle looked up, surprised, seeing the hopeful look in his eyes. "If you're willing, that is."
Brielle didn't know what to say. She was at a loss for words.
"Brielle, talk to me," King said, sounding like he was talking to himself more than her.
Brielle felt a pang of pain and, having ditched her company for this, was in no mood to indulge his quirks. "Give me my phone. I was supposed to be in a meeting today, and now the whole company is waiting for me." King's tone softened as he held her. "You're not lying to me?"
"Mhm."
King breathed a sigh of relief and handed her the phone. "But you have to make the call in front of me."
It was an over-the-top request, but Brielle agreed. Just as she turned on her phone, an unknown number called. Thinking it might be someone from the company, she answered.
King sat on the couch, holding her
close, his arm around her waist, looking inseparable, his expression tinged with happiness. Seeing him like that, Brielle's heart softened a bit. It was hard to stay mad at that face, especially when King wore his emotions so openly around her. 
She turned her attention to the call, hearing a stranger's voice. "Ms. Brielle."
Brielle exhaled, assuming it was someone from the company. "Yes, what's the matter?"
"There's not much, but there's an issue with that female doctor."
Female doctor? What female doctor?
Brielle thought of the doctor her brother had mentioned, but what did this have to do with company matters?
"Ms. Brielle, the doctor had an incident, and the child that was lost seems to have survived. Someone is investigating you."
Brielle was completely lost, about to when a loud noise came through, and the call abruptly ended. The caller's fate seemed grim.
Staring at the ended call, Brielle
knew it wasn't a mistake since the
person had addressed her as Ms. Brielle. The lost child? Whose fost child? The doctor her brothe was investigating lost a child? 
It wasn't strange for Brielle to think this way; she often received incomplete snippets of information, leading to confusion. Just as she was about to redial, she sensed a shift inthe atmosphere. The man holding her radiated a dark,
met
oppressive aura, making her whole body uncomfortable, as if even her bones were about to shatter. 
###Chapter 1099
Brielle felt a sharp, stinging pain as she was suddenly forced onto the couch, his kisses landing hard and heavy on her.
"Let go!" she cried out, pinned down so tightly that she was sure bruises were forming on her arms. Tears sprang to her eyes as she tried to kick him away.
But King didn't dodge. He just kept going, picking up where he left off in the car.
Pain washed over Brielle, and sweat broke out as she heard his hoarse voice, "You really are heartless."
King's eyes were red as he quietly stared down at her. Her lips were bleeding, a stubborn spark still flickering in her eyes.
Ignoring everything else, King continued roughly, driven by a desperate need.
Brielle clung to the couch, veins standing out on the back of her hand from the strain. She was too weak to explain anything. Only pain remained.
King couldn't bring himself to look into her eyes, tormented by thoughts of the child from earlier, a burning rage smoldering in his heart. He wondered if Myles was meddling or if Brielle had her reasons. She wouldn't just abandon their child; she couldn't be that cruel. But then someone called, and she responded with such nonchalance. That slim hope he held onto was extinguished, convinced that only through this torment could he ensure she was still there. Always deceiving him, just like before.
Eventually, Brielle passed out, and King carried her to bed. As he descended the stairs, his phone rang - it was Joseph.
Joseph had caught a man who had also disappeared from the hospital at the same time as a certain female doctor. When Joseph found him, he was in mid-conversation with someone. Without hesitation, Joseph kicked him to the ground and brought him back to the mansion.
"Sir, this is one of the people who disappeared back then," Joseph said.
The man, with a sly look similar to the female doctor's, faced death with resignation. King, observing the familiar expression, chuckled lightly.
"Tell me, who abandoned the child?" King asked.
The man trembled, his face turning pale. "Why should I tell you?"
Joseph grabbed a knife and sliced off one of the man's fingers. The man screamed in agony on the floor, but Joseph pressed a boot against his chest. "Answer the gentleman's question."
The pain from the severed finger was unimaginable. "I'll talk! It was Ms. Brielle. I was just outside handling the registry at the time. After the child was taken from the doctor, Ms. Brielle didn't even look at it. I was told to dispose of it in the dumpster. That's all I know. Ms. Brielle paid me off. I contacted the female doctor today because something seemed off, so I called Ms. Brielle." 
The man was nearly passing out by the end of his confession. King's suspicions were confirmed. But the matter of the birth control device must have been someone else's doing without Brielle's consent. He was enveloped in darkness, rage simmering. "Take him away for further questioning."
Joseph dragged the man out where
security was waiting. They were well-versed in handling such matters. Returning to the living room, Joseph found King lost in thought, a troubled look on his face, and couldn't help but speak up. 
"Sir, I visited Myles, found the place empty. I checked all nearby surveillance, but the footage had been tampered with. Whoever's behind this was prepared."
Having nurtured a shadow for so long, only for it to seek the spotlight. King scoffed, "Hmm."
No need to guess, it was linked to the Lynch family's butler, a flicker of malice crossing his features. "Find Ronald. I'm tired of this game. It's time he revealed the other pawns in play, settle this." "Understood."
King massaged his temples, his thoughts returning to Brielle upstairs, his chest tightening. "Ronald's a small fry, be careful."
For the first time, King advised
Joseph to be cautious. He had never cared about their lives before, maybe not even his own. Joseph
realized then; perhaps King had net
changed. Was it because of Ms. Brielle? Yet he dared not speak word in Brielle's defense. She was King's Achilles' heel. 
###Chapter 1100
Once Joseph left, King finally realized that Brielle was fuming. Despite being trapped in his own web of painful memories, he was determined to lift her spirits. He remembered Dustin mentioning that Brielle adored diamond rings-the bigger, the better. His past gifts had missed the mark, but this time, he was sure he'd nail it. He tiptoed into the bedroom where Brielle was still asleep, her eyes rimmed with red from exhaustion. Her fair skin contrasted beautifully with her dark hair, making her look even more endearing. King gently measured each of her fingers, noting the sizes on his phone before heading out to the mall-a rare trip for him unless it was to pick clothes for Isaac. King personally selected every piece of Isaac's wardrobe, trusting no one else with the task.
Now, on a mission to buy rings for Brielle, King felt a sweet thrill of anticipation. The sales clerk, unfazed by the masked man-this was, after all, a place where people's quirks were their own business-listened as King laid out his request: "Ten diamond rings, in these sizes."
The clerk's eyes sparkled. "How big would you like the diamonds to be?"
"The bigger, the better," King replied without hesitation.
Eagerly, the clerk brought out the top ten most expensive rings, each one sporting impressively large gems. King glanced over them, satisfied that they'd meet Dustin's "bigger is better" criteria. He paid and left, clutching the rings as the clerk watched with envy, wondering who the lucky recipient might be.
Back in Brielle's room, King moved quietly, careful not to wake her. Her peaceful face was partly hidden by a cascade of hair. He laid out the rings, carefully fitting each one onto her fingers. Despite her fatigue, Brielle didn't stir. King hoped that when she woke, the sight of the rings would melt her anger. He settled into a nearby chair and waited.
Brielle's sleep was deep but short. She dreamt of calling out to Myles for help, though the details were fuzzy, leaving her with an odd sense of youthful naivety. The dream shifted to a hospital scene where her cries for help were lost in her own sobs, the content of her pleas indistinct. She woke feeling a strange heaviness in her fingers and noticed the sunset outside. Its beauty did nothing to lift her spirits as she looked down at the ten diamond rings weighing down her hands. Even the thought of using chopsticks felt daunting.
Taking a deep breath, she told
herself to stay calm-this was just King being King. When he saw she was awake, his lips curved into a hopeful smile. 
"Brielle, do you like them?"
Brielle, who had experienced King's antics many times, found herself on the edge of laughter and frustration "These are the biggest rings in the
store, got your sizes right, and the egot
clerk said you won't find another set like this in all of North America," King boasted with a hint of pride. 
In King's world, money was as weightless as air; spending nearly three hundred million on rings didn't faze him. His eagerness for her forgiveness was clear. 
"I'm sorry for earlier. Can these rings make it up to you?"
Before he could react, Brielle had already pulled off several rings and hurled them at him.
"Get out."
King's smile wavered slightly, "Is it because the diamonds are too small?"
###Chapter 1101
Talking to him felt like trying to explain Shakespeare to a cow-utterly pointless.
Brielle couldn't even stand the thought of speaking to him. She slid off the rest of the rings from her fingers, figuring the saleslady at the jewelry store must be over the moon. Probably hit her annual sales quota in one go.
But then, realizing these were diamond rings from the Lynch family business, Brielle felt a weird sense of comfort. At least the money was staying in the family.
Yet, with this man standing in front of her, she was ready to explode without him saying a word. It was strange how the same face could make you feel on top of the world when it was Max Dorsey, but could also drive you insane when it was someone else. King carefully picked up the rings from the ground and placed them gently beside her. Brielle felt a mix of anger and helplessness. If he really wanted to make her happy now, why didn't he stop the car when she screamed for him to pull over earlier? She decided to lie back down, her chest heaving with frustration, nearly making her feel sick. Seeing her like this, King thought she might still be upset and asked, "Brielle, are you still mad?" Brielle closed her eyes, knowing if she didn't respond, he would keep asking. So she replied stiffly, "No."
King sighed with relief. "That's good."
But dealing with controlling men like him was like getting a rotten apple and ten slaps in return. Brielle shut her eyes, not wanting to speak anymore.
Soon, she heard the sound of water running from the bathroom. After a while, she felt the covers being lifted and a warm body snuggling close to her, scooping her into an embrace.
"If you're not mad anymore, can we continue what we were doing this morning?"
King left the room in his pajamas, a handprint clearly marked on his cheek. Joseph, walking in, saw the mark but didn't dare to ask. Instead, he dutifully reported, "Sir, Ronald has been detained. He's been demanding to see you."
Ronald had managed to live this long only because King was willing to entertain his games over the years. Thinking he had King all figured out, Ronald was utterly confused when Joseph showed up with men. Now, at his age, he was barely hanging onto life. But he never thought it was King's doing; in his eyes, King was just a young pup. He assumed it was Joseph who had turned against King and acted on his own. The depth of King's act over the years was so convincing that even now, Ronald believed King was just a puppet.
"Sir, we've uncovered some moles
from other families, mainly
interested in oil and diamonds. Myles might have gone to them. When I went to apprehend Myles, he was gone. Regarding Ms. Brielle's incident, Myles must have had a hand in it too. Maybe Ms. Brielle didn't just forget; Myles could have used deep hypnosis on her, but..." 
Joseph paused, noticing King with his head lowered, sensing a hint of sorrow. After all, he had witnessed the man unconscious for a month The moment King suspected Myles, he figured deep hypnosis might have been involved. But regardless, it was still Brielle who lost their child, a hurdle he couldn't overcome. 
"What else?"
He looked at Joseph. Joseph lowered his head, speaking cautiously, But the surveillance
footage was preserved. It showede
Ms. Brielle asking Myles for the hypnosis herself, saying she didn't want to remember that period. I've saved the footage on the computer. Sir, would you like to see it?" 
The thought of Brielle requesting hypnosis from Myles sent a sharp pain through King's heart, his throat burning with emotion.
###Chapter 1102
Joseph placed the laptop on the coffee table and opened it, revealing the surveillance footage. Instead of hitting play, he slid the mouse towards King.
The decision wasn't Joseph's to make; after all, King hadn't said whether he wanted to watch the video.
King sat on the couch, staring at the video thumbnail, recognizing the hospital from that fateful time. It had been a while since those events unfolded. With a hesitant hand, he finally clicked play.
"Before you send me away, can you make me forget this memory if you're a hypnotist?" Brielle's voice echoed from the screen.
Myles was facing away from the camera, so his expression was hidden. But King didn't care about Myles; his eyes were glued to Brielle.
Back then, Brielle looked so young and fragile, especially after just giving birth. Her vulnerability was palpable. But what had drawn him in was the purity and clarity in her eyes, as if one look could pierce his soul.
Now, those same eyes were pleading with Myles to hypnotize her.
"Ms. Brielle, are you certain? Deep hypnosis can be dangerous. You might never remember this again. And he, he's been quite good to you."
A flash of disgust crossed Brielle's face at those words, a visible disdain that felt like a dagger piercing King's heart through time.
He felt humiliated watching further, like he was masochistically digging his own grave. Yet, he needed to see if he had wronged her, if there was some misunderstanding. Had Myles sweet-talked her into this? Did she harbor some misunderstanding about him? "Good to me?" Brielle echoed, her smile bitter. "He destroyed me."
"Ms. Brielle, you've made up your mind?"
"Yes, I don't want to remember this man anymore. Can you help me?"
"Alright."
The video ended there.
With the investigation by the female doctor and the phone call Brielle received, it was proven that Brielle had indeed lost the child on her own
accord Now the video confirmen
she had also chosen to forget those memories voluntarily. 
He hadn't wronged her. As always, she seemed to look for ways to escape him.
Closing the laptop, King turned to Joseph. "Was the video edited in any way?"
Joseph shook his head, adding, "There's no sign of editing. But all other hospital surveillance was wiped clean, leaving only this part. It's clear they knew we'd investigate this footage."
King wasn't a fool; he knew someone had intentionally preserved this footage, knowing it would make its way to him. But if it hadn't been edited, then Brielle truly did ask for Myles's help.
Rubbing his temples, King felt a
sharp pain in his chest, worsened by the sight of the bruise from a slap on his face, his eyes reddening. He reached for a cigarette on the table, attempting to light it, but his fingers trembled, failing to ignite the lighter. 
Joseph, unable to watch this scene unfold, stepped closer to assist. "Sir."
Without a word, King leaned in to light his cigarette. As Joseph respectfully stepped back, he
couldn't help but speak up. "Sir, ifjet
may, during my investigation into Myles's betrayal, I discovered traces of him in Beaconsfield. It's quite possible he had feelings for Ms. Brielle." 
Otherwise, his betrayal made no sense. Serving as a shadow was an honor. Had Joseph been just a few inches taller, that role would never have fallen to Myles.
King had already suspected as much. Meeting Brielle at that age, it was rare for anyone not to fall for her. He loved her too, desperately. He had awkwardly, tirelessly, tried to win her affection. And what had he gotten in return?
###Chapter 1103
King stared at the cigarette between his fingers but decided against taking a drag.
Joseph stood nearby, waiting for instructions.
After a long pause, King snuffed out the cigarette in the ashtray, recalling what Max had said-Brielle hated the smell of smoke.
"Get Ronald to talk more," King ordered.
Joseph nodded and was about to leave when King added, "And for now, don't let little Isaac know Brielle is his mom. Keep it under wraps, just like before. No leaks." Joseph was already aware of this directive. Even without the reminder, he would stick to the protocol unless explicitly told otherwise.
But they didn't notice Isaac in the nearby corridor, petting Noir's head and silently taking in every word.
This secret hideout, one of many within the castle, was set up by Joseph at Isaac's request. Isaac loved playing hide-and-seek here with Noir.
So, Joseph didn't consider this particular hiding spot.
Crouching down, Isaac and Noir mirrored each other's movements. Noir stayed still, not wagging its tail to avoid making any noise that could give them away.
Slipping out of the corridor, Isaac crawled into the garden, with Noir following, belly to the ground.
In the garden, Isaac was fixated on one thought: "Don't let little Isaac know Brielle is his mom."
Mom?
Sitting on a bench, he was sure he hadn't misheard. Daddy had definitely said those words.
Since he could remember, he knew he was a child picked up from a trash can.
But he also knew Daddy loved him deeply, almost to the point of obsession.
Worried about losing him, Daddy had kept him locked away in this castle.
Mom had abandoned him and never came back.
He was so young then; he couldn't have done anything wrong.
So, the only explanation was that, in Mom's eyes, his very existence was a mistake.
Now she was back, stealing Daddy's attention with her indifferent glances towards him.
She didn't even recognize him the first time they met.
Maybe she had become so heartless that she never thought he would survive.
Isaac had only caught the tail end of the conversation, but he felt no turmoil.
He, too, wished to remain ignorant of Mom's existence, thinking their mutual presence was meaningless.
Her return wasn't out of love for Daddy.
Despite his social challenges, Isaac
was sharp. He remembered the
like
Opinched his cheek, lookin Daddy. 
a lot
Brielle's affection was for that man, not Daddy. This wicked woman wanted Daddy gone.
She wasn't his mom.
Isaac pressed his lips together, gently stroking Noir's head. Unlike Daddy, who lost control around her because of his feelings, Isaac felt nothing but admiration for her beauty, devoid of any emotional turmoil. FindNovel
The only person he cared for was Daddy.
ton
Anyone wishing to erase Daddy from the picture was an enemy in his eyes.
Noir stood up, laying beside him and scratching its ear with a paw.
Seeing this, a small smile played on Isaac's lips.
Isaac had a better disposition than Max as a child, not as withdrawn, but like Max, he rarely felt emotionally connected to anything or anyone, except those who spent time with him and showed him care. 
"Noir, I wish she would just disappear, so Daddy wouldn't be in danger."
###Chapter 1104
Upstairs, Brielle was in a deep sleep, the deepest she'd had since she arrived at the castle. From the moment she stepped inside, every fiber of her being resisted, leaving her restless and irked. That night, she dreamt again.
She dreamt she was pinned in front of a floor-to-ceiling window, with someone shouting her name from behind. She clearly wasn't a fan of this scenario, crying as her body trembled.
"Don't be scared, Brielle. Look at me," a deep voice whispered in her ear, gently kissing away her tears.
Brielle couldn't recall a time when she felt so fragile and desperate-not even during her childhood in the orphanage when there was nothing to eat. She always believed she could make it through anything. Even after years of loving Spencer, only to catch him cheating on her, she hadn't felt this vulnerable.
Brielle was like a beast with fangs, always ready to retaliate fiercely whenever someone dared to bully her. But in this dream, she was utterly helpless and bullied to no end.
"Pregnant?"
"Why don't you stay, fall in love with me, and have the baby?"
These words reached Brielle's ears, but they brought no joy, only a bone-chilling fear.
Waking from the dream, she realized her cheeks were damp with real tears. She tried to turn over, but felt an arm wrapped tightly around her waist, making it hard to breathe. Turning her head, she saw Max's face, clinging to her in a state of dependency. The frustration she harbored during the day instantly dissipated, but right now, she really felt uncomfortable and wanted to free herself from his grasp.
"Don't leave," he muttered in his sleep, pulling her even closer. Brielle felt like her bones were about to break, but she remained silent, just staring blankly at the ceiling.
Why did she have such a dream? Where did her life go wrong? She wasn't foolish; she tried hard to connect all the dots, her mind racing back to the things she had seized from Myles. His inexplicable affection felt utterly baseless. He had collected so many of her belongings, but most were from after her exchange program had ended.
Max had previously asked if she
made any friends during her exchange, but she couldn't recall
anyone. In her mind, she was always
a dull person, with few friends, focused solely on studying. Even when she went abroad, her thoughts were consumed with research: Back then, Beaconsfield College had defended her during a scandal, praising her for her outstanding performance during the exchange. Brielle had no doubts about that; she indeed had devoted herself to studying and research during the
exchange. 
But now, she felt compelled to visit the university she had exchanged to. What was Myles's inexplicable affection all about, and why were there so many items from after her exchange program, including food typically consumed by pregnant women? She had to investigate this matter herself. The next morning, Brielle got out of bed and immediately called Dustin Lynch. Still fuming, King didn't dare stop her, just sulking downstairs on his own. Upstairs, Brielle heard the call connect quickly and inquired.
"Bro, I got a call yesterday about some female doctor losing a child? I want to know what's the deal with King's female doctor."
Why would she receive such a call, especially when King's mood went south right after the call ended? She was always sensitive to these matters, and linking them together now, things seemed increasingly off. There had to be a lapse in her information; otherwise, she wouldn't be clueless about what King was referring to each time.
Dustin, having pulled an all-nighter
investigating the organization, with
Seamus getting restless behind the scenes, but everything was still under Dustin's control. However, there hadn't been any word from their mother for a week, causing him worry. His mother was a shrewd and capable woman, but Dustin always feared for her safety, given her gender, making these past few days particularly stressful. Now, receiving a call from his sister offered a
moment's respite. 
"Little Bri, I'm not sure myself. King mentioned a female doctor saved me, but I remember waking up to Patrick. Probably, the injury was so severe it jumbled my memory. He gave me the doctor's address, but it's too far, and I'm swamped lately. I'm not planning to investigate further for now, especially since it's all in the past."
But the call Brielle received
mentioned a female doctor losing a
.n
child. If this was the same woman Dustin spoke of, then the lost child detail didn't add up. Unless the. woman on the phone and the female doctor were entirely different people. Brielle felt even more that something was amiss, concluding she must visit the university she exchanged to at once. 
###Chapter 1105
"I got it, bro. I'm staying put for now. King brought me to this castle, so if you're looking for me, don't go to the villa.'
"Split personality?"
That was Dustin's question.
"Yeah, I'll fix him."
In plain terms, it's a psychological issue. Brielle had caught her breath by now and didn't see the need to keep giving King the cold shoulder. After all, he was bound to vanish sooner or later. Staying here was her way of making sure he disappeared.
"Bro, I'm gonna make King disappear. I still hope Max comes back."
The one she loved had always been Max.
As Brielle said this, she heard the door open behind her. Thinking it was King, she instinctively prepared to scowl, but it was Isaac who walked in.
Isaac and Noir were practically inseparable.
Seeing him, Brielle felt a sudden wave of panic for reasons she couldn't quite pinpoint.
She hung up the phone and locked eyes with the young boy, unsure of what to say.
Had he heard her?
In Isaac's world, King and Noir were all that mattered. Brielle regretted not being more careful. The last thing she wanted was for a child to get caught up in adult drama.
"Hey, little guy," she started, intending to use a familiar term, but Isaac just rubbed Noir's head and spoke in an indifferent tone.
"Isaac."
That was all he said, making it clear that "little guy" wasn't for her to use. They weren't close.
Brielle felt awkward. "Have you eaten? If not, let's go downstairs and grab something to eat."
Isaac nodded and headed out first.
A wave of unease washed over Brielle as she followed him.
She wanted to explain her earlier statement, but how? It was the truth.
Bringing Max back was her goal.
Yet, looking down at the child's head, her heart felt a bit squeezed.
Isaac didn't slow down for her. Reaching downstairs, he ran towards King, who was working on his laptop.
Isaac wrapped his arms around King's neck and was lifted into his embrace.
"Hungry?"
Isaac nodded, enticed by the aroma, and spoke up, "Daddy, hungry."
King glanced at the staircase and, spotting Brielle, closed his laptop and stood up with Isaac in his arms. "Alright, let's eat."
Meanwhile, after hanging up with Brielle, Dustin remained seated, not moving an inch.
Even if that female doctor had saved him once, now that Patrick had taken him away, there must have
been some form of comp
Patrick had been by Max's side for so many years; he knew a thing or two about social etiquette. 
With that in mind, there seemed no need to track down the woman.
Yet, Dustin couldn't shake the discomfort in his chest, perhaps due to the recent accumulation of stress.
He continued to advise the person on the other side of the computer, his gaze returning to its usual calm.
Once everything was settled, if he really wanted to thank her, he'd meet her in person and give her some money. After all, the place had been quite remote, and her family's financial situation probably wasn't great.
Beaconsfield.
Emma's first time in such a bustling city started with a visit to a small-town hospital to terminate her pregnancy.
set
Lying on the bed that day, she watched the doctor approach with cold instruments, surrounded by the heart wrenching cries of other girls. It felt like hell. 
Just as the doctor's hand neared her leg, Emma suddenly spoke up, "I'm sorry, I can't do this."
The doctor paused, watching as Emma got up and dressed herself.
"I think I should consult the baby's father first."
Initially, it was her irresponsible decision to keep the baby, and now she was about to decide its fate alone. How was that fair?
Leaving the hospital with her legs
still trembling, without a phone and unable to contact the father immediately, she knew her decision would be met with her mother's strong opposition. FindNovel
The Odeberg family was pressing hard, and her mother might have already arranged everything with them, possibly even accepting their dowry. Emma felt that returning home was like walking into a trap. As a single woman, if the Odeberg family sent someone for her, she'd stand no chance. She couldn't go back.
###Chapter 1106
Emma lingered by the road leading back home, mulling over her decision. Eventually, she decided to buy that driver a pack of cigarettes.
Back in the day, she had treated his son, and he was the only one who didn't look at her with judgment.
"Uncle Wang, could you please deliver this package to my mom? And here's a pack of cigarettes as a thank you."
She had splurged on a good brand, and Uncle Wang's face lit up with a smile. "You didn't need to buy such fancy cigarettes, but I'll make sure your mom gets the package." Emma sighed with relief. Inside the package was $1,700. She hadn't undergone the surgery, but she had already paid for it, leaving her with just over a hundred dollars to her name. Beaconsfield was the most bustling city around, and with Dustin's charm and good looks, he had to be from there.
She needed to go to Beaconsfield and ask him, face-to-face, if he wanted the child or not.
"Uncle Wang, let my mom know I need to stay in the hospital for a week for the surgery. I'll be back as soon as I'm better."
"Don't worry, Emma. I'll tell her."
Without further hesitation, Emma hopped on the train to Beaconsfield.
The long train ride was brutal. Ever since she got pregnant, her health had taken a nosedive, and she spent most of the journey on the rickety old train throwing up.
After a transfer, and a full day's travel, she finally found herself standing on the bustling streets of Beaconsfield.
It was her first time in a big city, and it was overwhelming.
But she didn't let herself get distracted or envious. She marveled at the vibrant place but stayed focused on her goal: finding Dustin.
She was here for the child, nothing else.
The furthest she had ever traveled before was to the county town to get her mother to a doctor. At fifteen, she had to almost carry her mother to school, thankful her teachers let her mother rest in a special room. Under such tough circumstances, no boys showed interest in her. Everyone was practical; dating her offered them nothing.
She had been accepted to a
university in the city, but her
scholarship fell through, and without
the funds, she couldn't go. She
ee Fould
have been the first girl from her village to leave the mountains, but that dream died early. 
Emma had cried over it many times in her dreams, but that was the harshness of reality.
Later, she started gathering herbs in the mountains to sustain her and her mother, eventually accepting her life. She didn't see her life as especially tragic; everyone had regrets. Even the rich had their own problems. 
Emma's journey had left her with barely any money, now down to just twenty bucks.
Feeling hungry, especially with the baby, she grabbed a bowl of noodles. She was shocked at the price-three bucks fifty for a bowl of beef noodles.
Embarrassed, she paid and regretted not finishing the soup. Too shy to go back, she realized she'd need to work a few days here to afford the trip back home. But she didn't regret sending that $1,700 to her mom; it would make her happy, even if just for a while.
With a sigh, Emma sat on a curb. It was already evening, and her limited funds wouldn't cover a hotel stay. She decided to hurry and find Dustin.
As she asked around, no one seemed to recognize Dustin's name.
Dressed lightly for the summer in
her worn out jeans, her long, straight legs stood out. Her black hair, tied carelessly into a bun, and her healthy tan drew many looks 
en FindNovel
QUMS
Some even asked where she had gotten her tan, making her self-conscious and quickening her pace.
Behind her, two girls chatted.
"Could she be looking for Dustin Lynch, the CEO of Infinity Brilliance?"
"Hardly. She's pretty, but her clothes aren't designer. Mr. Lynch's girlfriends are usually celebrities or models, not someone like her."
Emma didn't hear them; she was too exhausted, sitting on some steps. No one she asked had heard of Dustin, leaving her disheartened and on the verge of tears.
Meanwhile, Andrew leaned nearby, smoking silently as he waited for Aubree Clements to finish her photo shoot.
###Chapter 1107
Aubree had rocketed to A-list celebrity status, and her days were a whirlwind of photoshoots, film sets, and endless interviews.
Andrew was equally swamped with his growing responsibilities at the company. Yet, whenever he found a spare moment, he'd come here, standing guard like a loyal sentinel.
After smoking a few cigarettes, his eyes naturally scanned the area and landed on a woman sitting on the steps nearby. But unless it was Aubree, he didn't give anyone a second glance.
This spot was a busy crossroads, often swarming with talent scouts searching for the next big star. In just half an hour, several people had approached the woman. She was tall, with long legs, stunning features, and a sun-kissed tan-a look that was all the rage. To the scouts, she was a goldmine waiting to be discovered. With a bit of grooming, she'd be the talk of the town!
But Emma had only one concern: finding Dustin. Without a photo, she clung to his name as her only clue. She didn't even know how to describe his captivating "peach blossom" eyes, unaware of the term altogether.
The scouts, realizing she wasn't interested in their offers, left with sighs of disappointment. Emma sank back into despair, especially as nightfall approached and she had nowhere to stay. The idea of spending the night on a park bench, pregnant, was unbearable.
In her growing panic, she finally noticed a man standing not too far away. There was something about his aura that reminded her of Dustin; it was indescribably unique, definitely not ordinary.
Her eyes lit up with hope, and she hurried over.
"Hey, do you happen to know Dustin?" she asked, her voice tinged with desperation.
Andrew had been waiting there for two hours without a hint of impatience. At the mention of Dustin, he sized up the woman. Was she talking about the Dustin he knew?
"Dustin Lynch from Infinity Brilliance?"
Emma had no idea what Infinity Brilliance was; she was just looking for Dustin.
"The guy with the really handsome face, especially those beautiful eyes. Oh, and he's looking for his sister too."
Breathing a sigh of relief at remembering this crucial detail, Emma felt a bit more at ease.
Andrew flicked the ash from his cigarette, contemplating. Dustin indeed had a striking appearance and was searching for his sister, Brielle. Their saga was still a hot topic in the media, thanks to Infinity Brilliance. "Yeah, I know him. What about it?" he replied nonchalantly, tossing his cigarette butt into a nearby trash can. Aubree would be finishing up soon. He couldn't afford to keep chatting, lest he be seen and misunderstood. Even though Aubree hardly cared about his companions these days, Andrew still felt the need to maintain some semblance of decency.
"Really? You know him?" Emma's face brightened, a weight seemingly lifted from her shoulders. "Thank goodness."
"Are you looking for him for a reason?" Andrew's tone remained neutral, his gaze already drifting towards the approaching figure of Aubree. "Well, the thing is, I'm pregnant with his child, and I..."
It wasn't that Emma lacked shame
in confessing this to a stranger. She was simply desperate, needing to return to her hometown soon and running low on funds. Finding Dustin was imperative, so she laid out her reasons all at once. 
Andrew nearly choked on his own saliva, disbelief painting his features. Dustin, notorious for his flirtations, had never been known to father child with any of his exes. Had he been sowing wild oats everywhere, he'd have enough kids to form a soccer team by now. So, was this woman delusional? 
Indeed, who wouldn't want to claim a connection with Dustin? Probably just a deranged woman, Andrew thought.
Hearing her claim, Andrew briefly entertained the chaos within before deciding to ignore her, as Aubree had emerged. Rushing towards her, his voice grew husky, his demeanor instantly humbled. "Aubree."
Aubree, used to Andrew's presence, raised an eyebrow at the sight of another woman by his side.
"I don't know her. She must've escaped from some psych ward."
Emma, realizing they were talking about her, quickly retorted.
"I'm not crazy. I really am pregnant, and I..."
Aubree's gaze narrowed, and without another word, she quickened her pace.
Andrew, stunned to find himself at a disadvantage over a stranger, turned back incredulously. Emma, sensing his formidable presence, stepped back.
"I'm sorry, but I really need to find
Dustin." Driven by desperation, she had shamelessly disclosed her predicament. Her eyes brimming
with tears against the darkening sky, despair washed over her.
At that moment, Andrew strode towards her, seizing Aubree's wrist. Aubree's eyes flashed coldly.
"Let go."
"It's not my kid. I don't even know her. She's looking for Dustin! Claims the kid's his. Can you believe that?" Aubree froze, her gaze shifting back to Emma.
###Chapter 1108
Emma had never been much of a movie watcher. Living in a secluded village, devoid of posters and without a TV at home, she was oblivious to the world of celebrities. But she could sense the strong presence of this group.
Backing down now would mean she'd lose her chance to confront Dustin personally after her long journey back to the mountains. From the moment she boarded the train to Beaconsfield, Emma knew she had to abandon her principles of decorum and integrity. "Dustin?" Aubree, breaking away from Andrew, approached Emma. Even before her celebrity days, Aubree had an undeniable aura. Now, after extensive training with her coach, that aura was even more formidable, causing Emma to involuntarily step back as she approached.
Normally, Aubree wouldn't bother with such matters, but considering Dustin's notorious flirtations, it wasn't beyond him to have stirred up some trouble. Women understand each other, and Emma's eyes betrayed her urgency and panic.
Stranded in an unfamiliar place, penniless, and without even the fare to return home, engulfed in darkness with no glimpse of the future, Emma was genuinely terrified. This being her first venture so far from home, she was understandably shaken. "You're saying you're carrying Dustin's child?" Aubree asked. Emma nodded, her lashes drooping. "Yes."
"How can you prove it?" Aubree continued. After all, women clamoring for Dustin's attention were a dime a dozen, each could easily claim to be carrying his child.
Aubree was only indulging this conversation for Brielle's sake, her best friend and Dustin's sister. If a child of the Lynch bloodline was indeed out there, it was a responsibility too great for anyone to bear lightly.
Emma was nervous. Her interaction with others had been minimal, limited to her ability to gather herbs in her village. Now, faced with a glamorous woman, she felt utterly out of place. The stigma of being pregnant out of wedlock, coupled with the secrecy from her mother, weighed heavily on her. If her secret were out, she'd be the talk of the town, and not in a good way.
Aubree, sensing Emma's distress,
softened her tone. "Don't worry. If you really are carrying Dustin's child, you'd have met him by now. His
charm is undeniable, and womemet
line up for a chance with him every day need to know if what you're saying is true to help you. Dustin's sister is my best friend, so if you're truly looking for him, you've come to the right person." 
het
Those words were a glimmer of hope in the darkness for Emma. Eagerly lifting her gaze, but then remembering she needed proof, her head drooped again, her lips quivering. "I...I don't have anything to prove it. I just thought...maybe he wouldn't want to abandon his child. My family cannot afford to raise it, but I didn't want to decide its fate alone. If he's willing to care for the child, I'm ready to go back, have the baby, and then...hand it over to him." 
The words were difficult to utter, and she dared not meet Aubree's gaze. For the first time stepping out of her secluded world, and facing such a formidable woman, Emma felt small and timid, though not envious.
"How do you know the man you spent the night with is Dustin if you can't prove it?" Aubree pressed. Was this the tale of an innocent girl deceived by a scoundrel masquerading as Dustin, now terrified as she faced the consequences?
"I only know his name and face. He was injured at the time, his memory a bit muddled and not very coherent. Later, a group of people found us and took him away, leaving me twenty thousand dollars."
Hearing about the injury, Aubree recalled Dustin indeed had disappeared for a while. She pulled up a news article about Dustin and showed Emma his photo. "Is this him?"
Emma's pupils dilated, staring at the photo. There was Dustin, attending a gala, mingling among the elite with a glass of red wine in hand, his smile captivating. Dressed impeccably, he looked right at home in a world Emma couldn't even dream of. Her hopeful eyes dimmed at that moment. So, he truly belonged to the heavens.
"This is Dustin, topping the world's richest lists, CEO of a leading diamond company. You're saying you're carrying his child?" Aubree's tone held no mockery, only a reality check of Emma was lying,
needed to understand the
consequences. After alle
the child
was indeed Dustin's, it would
undoubtedly trigger a storm among the powerful. 
###Chapter 1109
The titles "Wealthiest Tycoon," "Diamond Industry Magnate," and "CEO" felt like a ton of bricks landing on Emma's shoulders, each one heavier than the last.
At this moment, she felt an overwhelming urge to cry, completely at a loss about where this sudden pain was coming from. Her vision blurred, nearly obscuring the photograph in front of her.
When she first stepped into Beaconsfield, she thought the divide between rich and poor was as simple as the difference between a $5 burger and a gourmet meal. But this photograph showed her a chasm as wide as the Grand Canyon, a glimpse into two completely
different worlds.
Her eyes welled up, and tears started streaming down her face.
Aubree held out her phone, displaying the photo, but noticing the screen smeared with tears, she realized Emma was crying.
Emma, realizing she had smeared the screen with her tears, hurriedly reached out to wipe it.
"I'm sorry."
Aubree frowned, puzzled by Emma's tears. Was she scammed or something worse?
"If you're talking about him, I can call him right now."
"It's not him! It's not him."
Emma wiped her tears and managed a bitter smile as she looked up.
"It's not about him. Sorry to bother you, and thank you."
With that, she turned and walked away quickly, fearing any further questions.
Aubree stood there, watching her leave, lost in thought but worried.
Eventually, she couldn't help but dial Dustin's number.
"Aubree?"
Dustin's voice was relaxed, "What brings you to call me?"
He had that lazy, playboy charm in his voice.
"Mr. Lynch, long time no see. I just met a woman in Beaconsfield claiming to be carrying your child. Her emotions seemed genuine, so I thought I'd better check with you. Haven't been leaving any romantic messes in Beaconsfield, have you?" Dustin frowned, finding the claim bizarre, especially since his recent visits to Beaconsfield were solely to look for his sister, with no time for romantic entanglements.
"No."
"Are you sure, Mr. Lynch?"
As Dustin tapped his fingers lightly on the desk, a fleeting thought passed through his mind but he couldn't grasp it.
"Yeah, I'm sure."
Maybe it was a woman's intuition, but Aubree quickly caught up with Emma.
Emma was still walking slowly ahead, her vision blurred by tears, nearly stumbling.
Instinctively, she protected her belly, but someone caught her arm.
"Mr. Lynch, this woman seems genuinely upset, and she started crying the moment she saw your photo."
Dustin loosened the top button of his shirt, chuckling, "Maybe she's just overwhelmed by my looks."
Aubree felt deep sympathy for Emma, who was genuinely heartbroken, a sentiment Dustin couldn't grasp through the phone.
Speaking to Emma, Aubree said,
"You're on the phone with Dustinet
now. Maybe you should confirm if he's the one you're looking for." 
swney
Feeling she had done all she could, Aubree handed the phone to Emma.
Hearing that familiar voice, Emma froze.
Dustin, aware the caller had changed, spoke up.
"Hello?"
His voice was the same as before, but their worlds had drastically changed. He was once just a patient, and she his doctor. Now, he was a prince, and she, a girl from nowhere. 
en FindNovel
Tragic.
Her lips trembled, unable to call his name, tears still falling freely.
Aubree, unable to stand the silence, asked, "What's your name? What do they call you?" Through sobs, Emma barely whispered, "Emma."
It was the most she had cried in her life, as if she had accidentally seen the harsh truths of the world, far
crueter than she had imagined. 
Her crying was so intense, her words so muffled, Dustin couldn't understand.
Aubree switched the phone to speaker.
"Mr. Lynch, she says her name is Emma. Do you know her?"
No recognition came to him, certainly not an ex-girlfriend.
"I don't think I know her."
Hearing this, Emma stiffened, her heart pierced as if by a sharp knife.
All sobbing stopped, her tears suddenly feeling absurd.
###Chapter 1110
Aubree felt a mix of pity and frustration as she realized this woman must have been duped by someone with the same name. Sighing, she took her phone back.
"Alright, got it. No worries then, Mr. Lynch. Say hi to Bri for me, will ya?"
After hanging up, Aubree turned to the woman who was still in shock.
"See? Wrong guy. The world's full of Dustins. You might wanna keep looking. And hey, if you're really pregnant, try to stay calm. If that dude doesn't want the kid, going through with it might be tough on both you and the baby, right?" It was the harsh truth, one that Emma found too much to bear alone.
After Aubree left, Emma felt her legs give way. Leaning against the wall, she felt nauseous. Twenty thousand to forget that night, to act as strangers henceforth. To him, her cries were just a whisper in the wind. She was demeaning herself, playing a solo act from start to finish. His memory of that time was hazy; he was so dignified that recalling that episode probably felt sordid and repulsive.
Sitting there, Emma felt a chilling cold seeping through her, hands and feet icy. With barely a hundred in her pocket, a hotel was out of the question. Too late to look for a job now. She had to get through the night, earn for a few days, and then head back to her small town. Her mother was waiting. She'd pretend she never came to Beaconsfield, never had this humiliating episode.
Meanwhile, Aubree had just gotten into her car when Dustin called. Before she could drive off, she answered.
"She said her name was Emma? Emma, as in the one from Luoyang?"
King had mentioned a doctor named Emma who had once saved him, but Dustin had been too busy to remember. Only now did it click. But the specifics eluded him. Aubree, unsure of the details, got out of the car. "She hasn't gone far. I'll go ask."
Aubree quickly approached the distant figure. Emma, still seated, rested her chin on her knees, her eyelashes wet.
"Hey, Dustin called. He asked if you're the Emma from Luoyang?"
Emma stiffened, lowering her lashes. "No, my last name's Luo."
No point in dwelling on unfamiliar connections. Even the thought of asking seemed foolish, tainted. He was a cloud, untouchable.
Aubree relayed the message, and Dustin didn't pursue further. After hanging up, Aubree still offered Emma her number, written on a piece of paper.
"You seem lost in Beaconsfield. If you need help, call me. I'm Aubree, an actress."
Emma, feeling defeated, hesitated to even consider borrowing money. "Thanks," she managed.
After ensuring she had done all she could, Aubree returned to her car, her involvement ending there.
Emma stayed put until midnight, then moved towards any light she could find, curling up against a walk to spend the night. The cold
bothered her, and she dreamt of net
being forced back into the Odeberg family, a fate she hoped her
Kindness over the years would spare
her from. 
Awakened by passersby, Emma, embarrassed and hungry, found a public restroom to freshen up before heading to a diner. Opting for the cheaper vegetarian option, she felt the pinch of her finances. She needed a job to afford the train ticket back home.
Eventually, Emma spent a day
washing dishes at a restaurant, sleeping on an outside bench

afterward, before finally buying a train ticket back to her village. After a long journey and feeling ill, she returned home to her mother, a doctor, who mustn't suspect her condition. 
thirtynet
“Emma, you're back! How'd it go - the surgery okay? Mr. Wang mentioned a five-day hospital stay; was about to visit. Look, the Odeberg family sent over thirty- thousand as a dowry. Did you buy yourself something nice? I've spoken with the Odebergs; they're expecting you to start helping them out as soon as you return." 
###Chapter 1111
$30,000 in cash rested snugly in Peyton's hand, and she couldn't help but beam with satisfaction. Her eyes sparkled with joy.
"The Odeberg family owns several properties around town, all legit. Once we get the little one to stop fussing, we'll head out with them to town. You'll see, it'll be a fresh start for you," she said, her voice full of hope. Emma glanced at the $30,000, her mind drifting to a photo she had seen on another woman's phone. Maybe Dustin spent more than $30,000 on a single meal. The gap between them felt insurmountable.
She let out a wry laugh that quickly turned into sobs. Peyton, misreading her tears as grief over the lost child, gently patted her back.
"Hey, no more tears. We can't let this get out, especially not to the Odebergs. That man has a small heart, and if he finds out about the baby, who knows how he'd humiliate you. It's just us women against the world, and we've had our fair share of sneers over the years. Moving to town will be good for us. Don't worry, you'll have children eventually. You're still young," Peyton reassured her.
Emma stayed silent, clearly seeing her mother's genuine happiness. $30,000 was a fortune for them, plus the additional $20,000 left by Patrick. It was the first time they had seen so much money.
And the prospect of moving to town was a dream come true for her mother, who had always longed for a house there. In their village, owning a house in town was a matter of pride.
No sooner had Emma returned to the village than the matchmaker, eager as ever, came knocking. Emma wasn't in the mood for conversation, fearing that staying in the car any longer might make her nauseous in front of her mother, which would give away the secret of her not having aborted the child. She retreated to the inner room to rest.
Outside, the matchmaker handed Peyton a mysterious bottle.
"The Odebergs insist on this. Your Emma is quite the tomboy around these parts, and they worry she won't comply. So, sweeten her up and slip this into her drink. You know how it is with women, once they're comfortable, they're more compliant. This way, Emma will see the Odeberg man as her husband. Don't worry, it's harmless. The Odebergs got it from the city," the matchmaker explained.
Peyton hesitated, but the matchmaker reassured her with a pat on the shoulder.
"Mrs. Moll, ever since your husband passed, you and your daughter have barely scraped by. Now, there's a chance for a better life, and you're hesitating? They've already paid the dowry, and there's a house in town waiting for you. No girl in the village gets such an offer. Take the medicine and make sure she takes it tonight. Otherwise, the Odebergs might call off the arrangement. Think about that house in town. Wasn't that what you and your husband dreamed of?" the matchmaker reminded her.
This struck a chord with Peyton, her face a mask of sorrow. The matchmaker's words were a sharp reminder.
"You're finally getting back on your feet. Don't miss out on this chance to enjoy life," the matchmaker added.
Convinced, Peyton resolved to follow through. Her desire to move to town, a dream she had harbored even before her husband's untimely death, outweighed her doubts. After all, Emma was known in the village forher fiery temper, not exactly the most sought-after bride.Content
"I understand. I'll ensure she takes it during dinner. Tell the Odebergs to get ready," Peyton said, determination in her voice.
Selfishness often guides human actions. Despite her affection for Emma, Peyton saw this as an opportunity. If only her husband had lived longer, they might have had a son.
Meanwhile, in North America, Brielle
was set on investigating her
met
exchange school, but King shadowed her every move, his possessiveness intensifying since their arrival at the castle. And somehow, he had gotten the idea that she adored diamond rings, going as far as to buy herten more, as if she could wear them on her toes. 
His recent slap hadn't made him reflect on his actions. Looking at the hand encircling her waist, Brielle chose her words carefully.
"I'm getting cabin fever here. How about we go out for a bit?" she suggested, knowing that if she went alone, he'd surely throw a tantrum. King's eyes lit up at the word "we."
"Sure, where do you wanna go?" he asked, surprisingly easy to appease.
"I've been to this city before, worked on a startup with some friends. Ever heard of Unicorn? That's our company name," she explained. "Yeah, it's making waves," King replied, his gaze filled with admiration.
Unexpectedly, Brielle felt her heart
as
soften. Despite his infuriating behavior and straightforward thinking, she found comfort in his transparent emotions. Everyone craves validation, and right now, he stared at her with undisguised admiration, Brielle couldn't help but smile genuinely for the first time since entering the castle. 
###Chapter 1112
King could feel himself being pulled in by her smile, leaning in to plant a kiss.
But, of course, someone had to ruin the moment.
Isaac appeared behind them, his face as cool as ever. He reached out his small hand, blocking King's mouth. "Daddy, I want Kailee."
It was clear; he wanted to play with Kailee, hoping his dad would call her over.
Isaac was sharp. He knew the enemy of his enemy could be his ally. If Dad liked Kailee, then this lady didn't stand a chance.
This was the first time Isaac had openly told King he wanted someone to play with.
King wouldn't even think of saying no and immediately called Kailee.
Kailee, over at the Sanchez household, was buzzing with excitement, having dolled herself up for the occasion.
Stepping into the mansion, she felt she was on the brink of becoming the lady of the house!
A mansion, no less! A place no woman had ever set foot in.
But as the door opened, she was met with an Eastern face.
King, having taken off his mask, his face identical to Isaac's, was grinning and cozying up to another woman.
Spotting her, King pointed towards Isaac.
"Kailee, why don't you keep Isaac company? I'm taking Brielle out for a bit."
Rascal.
Kailee wanted to scream those words but held back.
Her brother had warned her, if she stirred up trouble, he wouldn't come to clean up the mess.
Brielle, watching Kailee's youthful face twist with anger, felt a twinge of sympathy.
Only King could pull something like this.
King, eager to leave, wrapped an arm around her.
This was the first time Brielle had invited him out!
Brielle herself was surprised by how easy it was to just ask him out. What had she been making things so difficult for herself?
Once in the car, Brielle couldn't help
but glance back to see Kailee,
Qu
fuming at the doorstep, probably
cursing King a hundred times over in her mind. 
Brielle chuckled to herself, turning her gaze forward.
"Let's head to my office first. I stood someone up; I should at least explain, and introduce you to my friends."
That last part hit King right in the heart.
An introduction to her friends?
Did Max get this privilege?
Nope.
"Sure."
He was down for anything she said.
Meanwhile, back in the living room Kailee, after sighing and grumbling to herself, noticed Isaac playing alone with Noir, feeling a surge of frustration. 
"Little bug, we need to come up with a plan. If you don't act soon, your daddy's going to be snatched away by that temptress."
Kailee was quick on her feet, too, realizing she should team up with Isaac.
Sitting next to him, she tried to sweet-talk him.
"Little bug, we've known each other long enough. You know I'm quite
gentle and virtuous. I've even swallowed my pride to chase after your dad, and I've been nice to you, right? If I end up marrying your dad, I'll be a kind wife, plus I'm super easy-going." 
No sooner had she finished her spiel than her phone rang.
Seeing the caller ID, she was livid. After pressing the answer button, she let loose a tirade.
"Marry your foot! If you harass me again, believe me, my brother will have your head! Get lost! I wouldn't give you the time of day!" Hanging up, she turned back to comforting Isaac.
"I'll be good to you, too, cook for you, and even if you mess up, I won't scold or hit you. I've never cursed at anyone in my life." Isaac looked up at her.
Liar.
Women are indeed the biggest liars.
###Chapter 1113
Brielle and King had just pulled up to the towering Unicorn Corporation building. As King was about to get out of the car, his eyes landed on a mask beside him. He thought about putting it on for a touch of intrigue but then remembered he was about to meet Brielle's friends. He left the mask behind. A few minutes ago, Mason had gotten a call from Brielle. He wasn't upset about her bailing on him last time; in his view, the CEO could do no wrong. He was more concerned about Brielle's safety, but then again, she was a Lynch. No one in their right mind would mess with her.
As Brielle walked into the building, she felt a pang of familiarity as she noticed a man nearby who looked strikingly like Everett. Everett had traveled abroad searching for his son, armed with only vague information. He knew his son was around here, a standout in his field, but had no clue which building he might be in. So, he wandered the area daily, hoping for a stroke of luck.
Brielle only got a glimpse and wasn't sure, so she didn't approach him. Instead, she headed straight to the elevator.
Mason was already waiting on the top floor with a few senior executives. The core members were those who had started the studio with Mason, and Brielle had met them online before. After the last-minute cancellation, Mason had smoothed things over, so there was no awkwardness.
Mason was accompanied by Tiffanie Harkins, who had also joined Unicorn. Seeing Brielle, Tiffanie rushed over excitedly, ready to hug her. But before she could, King wrapped his arms around Brielle, pulling her close.
Tiffanie's eyes lit up. "Maxie!" she exclaimed, her face beaming. "I heard all those rumors about you having a kid are just that-rumors. Alivia's really stirring the pot. The media's been buzzing for days, but here you are, still flaunting your love life."
Every word she spoke was a landmine. King realized she had mistaken him for Max. He was about to snap when Brielle gently patted his hand around her waist. He swallowed his sharp words and kept his cool.
Worried that Tiffanie might say something else to set King off, Brielle pulled her aside and discussed Unicorn's progress with Mason and the executives. Brielle had always been hands-off, having planned everything with Mason in advance, so her presence wasn't really needed. Mason was impeccable in business and technical strategies and even in his choice of staff.
After the discussion, Brielle was
ready to leave with King. Everyone noticed the chill emanating from him, as if his presence could freeze the room. The longer Brielle stayed, the more palpable it became. People around them shivered, none @aring to approach him. Even Tiffanie turned timid, hiding behind Mason. 
Brielle, holding King's hand, tried to lead him away, but he stood firm, like an immovable . She frowned, wondering what had ticked him off this time.
King's expression was icy, his eyes narrowed in annoyance. After a moment of reflection, Brielle realized what might be bothering him. She quickly introduced him to everyone.
"This is King, my partner," she announced. Then, turning to King, she said, "This is Mason, this is Tiffanie, and these are our early collaborators."
Following the introductions, the
tension seemed to lift from King's shoulders, and a smile even played at the comers of his mouth. From frosty silence to a warm spring breeze in an instant. She had- introduced him as King, not Max. That distinction mattered to him. 
King's lips curved into a smile, and he even gave Mason a friendly pat on the shoulder. "Keep up the good work."
Mason, though puzzled, returned the smile, respecting the CEO of DreamTech Designs. Worried that King's newfound warmth might cost him his stoic reputation, Brielle quickly ushered him away. Their visit to the Unicorn Corporation was just the appetizer; the main event for the day was a visit to an exchange school.
After they left, Mason turned to
Tiffanie. She had called Mr. Dorsey "Maxie." Was Tiffanie related to the Dorseys, albeit distantly? No wonder she had been close to Brielle from the start. He didn't spare a thought for Victoria or Everett. With the Dorsey family's downfall, Mason had no one to confront, only the occasional nightmare about his mother, during which he cursed both
Victoria and Michael.
###Chapter 1114
Down in the car, King had Brielle locked in his arms, kissing her until she was breathless.
Brielle tried to push him away, but it was no use. Soon, she felt his teeth gently grazing her neck, leaving a passionate mark.
"My star student, Little Canary, you make me so happy."
His eyes sparkled, like a fire had been lit inside him, as if he was a kid who finally got his most coveted toy. His gaze was so straightforward, Brielle knew exactly what 'toy' he meant. Oddly enough, she felt a pang of guilt.
Understanding his mind, she realized his thoughts were simpler than most.
What he liked, he'd do anything to keep.
What he disliked, he'd do everything to eliminate.
One sentence could light up his eyes; another could bring a rainstorm to his heart.
How could someone be like this?
At that moment, Brielle hesitated, but it hurt her too. Every minute of doubt felt like a betrayal to Max.
Being with King, she even felt like she was seeing another side of Max.
But this man wasn't Max, and she couldn't get over that.
In her mind, King's affection came from Max's influence; it wasn't really King who liked her, but Max's feelings channeled through him.
Yet, she couldn't say no to that face.
King's kisses came down again, and the partition in the front had been lowered.
When Brielle finally realized it, she was stunned to find herself in the car, doing such reckless things with him.
"Don't worry, no one can see through these windows," he whispered.
He was struggling to hold back, letting her be on top while he held her waist tightly.
Brielle had expected pain, her past experiences casting a shadow.
But this time, she felt something different.
There was no pain, just a weight in her heart. She couldn't tell if her consent was because his face
looked like Max's or because of his
joyful words-"My star student, Little
Canary, you make me so happy."
A ruthless man, yet so open in front of her, as if even with a sword that could pierce his heart, he stayed unguarded.
That sword, it seemed, couldn't strike anymore.
"Little Canary, I like you so much, move for me."
He looked up at her, his eyes bursting with fireworks.
Brielle had seen a similar look in Max's eyes, only Max was more restrained, hiding everything deep, needing to be dug out. With King, his affection overflowed; she didn't have to ask.
So be it.
Consider it his compensation.
She must be crazy, with a driver up front and the car soon to stop at the school yet at that moment, she didn't want to think about anything else. 
Time slipped by, who knows how long.
When Brielle, blushing, finally rested don his shoulder, exhaust y felt the difference between
her head
she
him
and Max. 
With Max, there was only a slight change in his expression, a hint of red at the corners of his eyes.
But King wanted to spell out every second of the experience.
"Little Canary, that felt amazing."
"Little Canary, hmm, you're really something."
Words that made her heart race, and for a moment, Brielle even wanted to cover his mouth.
Don't use Max's chaste face to say such things.
But even if she did, his eyes would still say the same.
When it was over, she was too tired to move a finger. He quickly dressed them both, a satisfied smile on his face.
Outside, it was already evening. The driver was nowhere to be seen, and the school was just ahead.
###Chapter 1115
Brielle nestled in his arms for a good half hour, and by the time she felt steady enough to open the car door, the world outside was painted in the warm hues of the setting sun.
He wrapped his arms around her waist, his voice dripping with a sweetness that made her heart flutter.
"Where to next?"
Because of their little roadside escapade, King hadn't bothered asking the driver about their destination; it was Brielle who'd given the address.
"You'll see," she replied, figuring he'd be too pleased to to whatever she had planned.
King followed her out of the car, but froze when he saw the school ahead. The joy on his face faded, and he stood there like a statue. The warm feeling spreading through his chest vanished, leaving his face pale and drawn.
He couldn't shake the memory of that video, the one where Brielle had begged Myles to hypnotize her into forgetting their past. She'd said he ruined her. Now, standing here, it was clear: Brielle wanted to dig up the past from their exchange program days. Would she still hate him if she remembered? Would the happiness they'd just shared evaporate like it never existed?
Suddenly, he wanted to run, to drag her back to the castle, to keep hiding. Things were good right now, weren't they? She might not remember everything, but she had initiated a kiss, something he'd never dared dream of.
Brielle noticed King wasn't following and turned back.
"King?"
He stood still, wrestling with the urge to knock her out and take her back to the castle. But then Max's voice echoed in his mind.
"Let her investigate."
King's eyes reddened. Of course, Max wanted Brielle to dig into their past. If she uncovered everything, she'd hate him, and he'd be forced to relinquish control of his body to Max. He couldn't bear that thought. Being despised by Brielle was Max's burden, not his. Max could say such things without a care in the world.
"No," King replied mentally, and Max fell silent. Max understood him better than anyone; his dilemma couldn't be resolved with just a few words. It was all tangled up with Brielle.
Seeing King remain silent, Brielle walked closer.
"What's wrong? Don't want to go in?"
Max's voice faded away, offering no more advice. King knew his conflict wasn't something that could be untangled easily; it was rooted in his feelings for Brielle. 
Suddenly, King said, "Brielle, I think I'm feeling under the weather." To make his point, he clutched his stomach. "I feel nauseous."
Brielle eyed him skeptically; his rosy cheeks and the remnants of a satisfied smile didn't exactly scream illness.
King took her hand, trying to head back. "I might need some medicine; I feel like I might pass out if we stay."
Ridiculous. His acting was terrible.
Brielle didn't move, lost in thought for a few moments. Just as King was about to give up, resigned to his fate, Brielle took his hand in hers. He turned back in disbelief, meeting her worried gaze.
"Where does it hurt?"
His heart soared; Brielle was genuinely concerned about him? How could he be unwell when he'd been feeling on top of the world just moments ago? He was merely afraid that if she remembered their past, the current warmth between them would burst like a bubble. After enduring such profound despair, he couldn't bear the thought of going through it again. Their relationship, once marred by such hatred that she had chosen to end their child's life, seemed beyond repair. 
Perhaps it was for the best if she didn't remember.
So, when Brielle asked where he felt unwell, he was momentarily speechless, then mumbled, "My stomach... it's upset."
Brielle watched him continue his performance silently.
"Brielle, will you come back with me, please?"
She didn't really want to indulge him, unsure of what had come over him. Yet,
eeing his trembling fingers
reaching out, she felt an inexplicable in her own heart.
###Chapter 1116
It was like an unspoken whisper in the air told her that if she turned him down, he'd fall apart, consumed by anxiety and fragility.
So, even though Brielle knew he was putting on a show, she nodded. "Alright, let's go home."
As King let Brielle lead him towards the car, he felt like he was dreaming. Seriously? She actually agreed? No scolding, no sarcasm, just a simple "yes" to leaving with him.
Sitting on the car's plush seat, he still felt a bit dazed. Maybe it was because their past interactions had always been so strained, never once seeing a smile on her face. When she finally showed a hint of compromise, he didn't feel joy but shock, increasingly worried this newfound peace would vanish.
He wished time could just freeze at this moment. He wanted nothing more than to stay in this car forever.
The ride back was silent. Each lost in their thoughts, not pestering each other like before, simply wondering why she suddenly seemed to care.
Pulling up in front of the mansion, King remembered he was supposed to be sick, so he dramatically clutched his stomach. But Brielle just glanced at him and knew this fool was faking it.
"Brielle, it hurts here, help me out," he groaned from his seat, tasting the sweetness of pretending to be sick and pushing his luck even further.
Part of Brielle wanted to slap him, yet she couldn't ignore the dull ache in her chest. It was as if all his cautious actions, his shadows, were somehow her fault. Was it because of Max's face? Knowing his inner turmoil, she couldn't bear to be harsh.
She walked over, helped him up, and subtly moved his hand to his stomach to avoid further embarrassment in front of others. King, ever so clueless, didn't notice her gesture.
As they entered the mansion, Kailee was there, tirelessly counseling Isaac, who remained utterly unfazed, especially after witnessing her scolding someone earlier, mentally crossing her off his list.
Kailee, oblivious to her figurative
death sentence, was startled to see
King being supported by Brielle and
rushed over, intending to push Brielle away. But King, seeing Kailee, remembered his prior request for her to look after Isaac. Now, feeling closer to Brielle, he wanted no interruptions, making Kailee an unwelcome presence. 
"You can go back now, I'll call you when I need you," he dismissed her. Kailee paused, glaring at Brielle.
Brielle tried to withdraw her hand,
Vl
but at that moment, King complained of pain again, forcing her to resume her support. Kailee watched the couple pass, her resolve to win over Isaac solidifying. She hinted at Isaac to stop this "temptress," but Isaac, having had enough of her endless babble, which reminded him of a monk's chant, was unmoved. 
Kailee mistook Isaac's approach for solidarity, feeling victorious that despite Brielle winning King, she hadn't captured Isaac's heart. In this mansion, Isaac's approval was the ultimate prize. Isaac led her to the door, and just as Kailee basked in her perceived victory, the door closed in front of her. The words that followed were as cold as the door slamming shut. "Kailee, see you next time."
With the door shut, Kailee felt the pieces of her heart scatter. Inside, with Kailee's departure bringing ? peace, Isaac faced the dilemma of dealing with Brielle, intertwined with his father. He knew he had to strategize carefully. 
###Chapter 1117
Inside the castle, Brielle felt a sudden urge to rummage through the cabinet for a first aid kit.
"This place has been deserted for ages. Any medicine in there is probably expired," King said, breaking her train of thought.
"Then I'll call a doctor over," Brielle suggested.
King wasn't a fan of outsiders in his domain, but he knew that rejecting medical help would blow his cover of pretending to be sick-possibly earning him a metaphorical slap in the face. So, he reluctantly agreed. "Fine," he muttered.
He took the initiative and called his personal physician. Upon hearing it was a stomach issue, the doctor arrived with some highly effective antacids and disposed of the outdated meds.
"For severe stomach pains, take three of these, four of those, three times a day," the doctor instructed Brielle, noticing King clutching his stomach on the couch in apparent discomfort. He decided to administer a stronger dose. "Give him this as well; it should work faster."
Brielle escorted the doctor to the door and asked for two bottles of vitamins before he left. King, lounging on the couch, was pleased to see her bustling around for his sake.
Brielle stored away the potent medications the doctor had left behind, knowing King was only pretending to be ill. Concerned about potential side effects, she opted for a safer route.
She grabbed two vitamins and headed to the kitchen to fetch some warm water.
"Take these if you're still in pain," she said, handing him the pills.
King, no fool, remembered the doctor's specific instructions-three of this, four of that, plus an additional medication. Now, Brielle was offering only two pills. What was going on?
He frowned but listened as she explained, "I asked for a different medicine when I saw the doctor out. It's supposed to work faster."
So, she couldn't bear to see him in pain. King felt a wave of comfort wash over him. He promptly took the pills from Brielle and swallowed them down.
His demands didn't cease after the medicine; one moment he wanted fruit, the next, a leg massage. Previously, to distinguish himself from Max, he made grand entrances, always surrounded by attendants.
This was his way of clearly showing Brielle that they were not the same person. But now, there was no need for such pretenses, so he sent his attendants away.
Brielle, sitting by his side, noted his improved mood-a stark contrast to the sheer panic he exhibited outside the school earlier-and breathed a sigh of relief. Somehow, she couldn't bear to see him in distress. "Brielle, massage here for me, would you?" King guided her hand to his stomach.
Brielle glanced at him, then silently placed her hand over his abdomen. He squinted his eyes, seemingly unaware of the gesture. Feeling more relaxed, he grew drowsy and eventually fell asleep using her leg as a pillow. Just before drifting off, he mumbled, "That medicine really works wonders. My stomach feels warm and comfortable."
Brielle, holding back a smile, thought about the effectiveness of vitamins in producing such warmth. Well, let him be.
Meanwhile, at Unicorn Corporation, Mason wasn't working late today. He and Tiffanie had planned to head home early since it was his birthday. As they drove out, Tiffanie spotted Everett in a sharp suit not far off.
Mason recognized him too; he'd seen photos of his father before. Everett, looking thinner but liberated from the Dorsey family's clutches, appeared rejuvenated. Determined to make up for his past neglect, he had been searching for his son, albeit with dwindling hope. 
Mason, observing Everett, felt a mix of emotions. This wasn't their first encounter, but Mason had always kept his distance, reminded of his late mother's helplessness and her curses against the Dorsey family and Everett. 
Turning to Tiffanie, Mason asked her to wait, intending to confront Everett. Understanding his intent yet pretending ignorance, Tiffanie nodded.
Stepping out of the car, Mason
approached the figure that haunted
ret
his family's past. Everett, mid-conversation with a passerby looked up to find Mason standing before him. The sight of his son, bearing a striking resemblance to his first love, overwhelmed him with guilt and regret. 
Hastily adjusting his suit, Everett took a step forward. "Mason."
With a polite nod, Mason greeted, "Everett."
Their exchange, though cordial, deepened the chasm between them, underscoring the complex web of family, loss, and longing.
###Chapter 1118
Everett had seen this moment coming a mile away, but seeing this young man, whose features eerily resembled his first love, still twisted his heart in pain. He truly despised the Dorsey family, loathed Victoria, and detested Tiffanie. It was Tiffanie's appearance that had
originally forced him into a humiliating bind with Victoria by the manipulative hands of the Dorsey family.
"You've turned out well, I've been looking for you, Mason, about your mom..." Mason pulled out a card from his pocket, his tone nonchalant.
"Everett, I don't know why you're here. Don't tell me you've been harboring feelings for this son of yours all these years."
Everett stepped back, stung by the confrontation. Of course, his heart held a place for his son. "How is that my fault? If it wasn't for that damn Victoria! If it wasn't for the Dorsey family! How could I have left your mom! It's the Dorsey family, all of us suffered because of them! Mason, I know it's late but only after the Dorsey family fell could I leave. You never met Victoria, you don't know how twisted they were!"
Now, just the mention of Victoria filled him with a bone-deep hatred. If it weren't for Victoria, he could have led a peaceful life, honoring his parents, raising his son in tranquility. The debt owed by the Dorsey family was immense.
"Mason, I don't have much to say. Don't give me money, I don't need it. This card, it's my savings over the years, keep it. If you don't want it, burn it for your mom. I'm sorry for everything, my greatest wish now is that you find a good girl."
Mason wasn't heartless, he understood Everett's past desperation. So, the person his mother cursed the most on her deathbed was the Dorsey family. But after the Dorsey family's downfall, those who deserved retribution were gone, except for Everett's daughter. Mason remembered her existence because years ago, Victoria had sent his mother a photo of a young child. The sight drove his mother to madness, bedridden and plagued by illness thereafter. Mason disliked Victoria, and the girl in the photo. They were the root of all misery.
"Everett, I've found a partner now, you should leave this place, head back to Beaconsfield."
"Mason, wherever you are, that's where I'll be." Everett's face twisted awkwardly, humbly asking, "Could you take me to see where your mom lived?"
Mason frowned, pondering, but eventually relented, giving him the address and the keys to the apartment.
Back in the car, Mason's mood was sour. Tiffanie grabbed his hand, pressing it to her cheek. "What's wrong?"
Mason didn't want her to know about the mess, simply shaking his head. "Tiffanie, let me take you to where I used to live."
Tiffanie smiled. "Next time, Mason. I've got plans with friends today. Head home and start dinner, okay?"
Mason, ever compliant, didn't
?
question her After Tiffanie left the car, she made a point to confront Everett. Seeing him preparing to drive away, she nearly couldn't believe her eyes. Why was this
Scourge here? 
As the car window rolled down, Everett glared at her. "The Dorsey family's bankrupt, Victoria turned mad, and here you are in North America. Clearly, the Dorseys have no heart." Tiffanie knew he would mock her mercilessly upon seeing her. "Everett." She called out, a slight curve to her lips. "I'm here to see my boyfriend."
"Boyfriend?" Everett almost laughed.
"Who would want you? Your mother Victoria was notorious, and you share her blood. I bet your boyfriend doesn't know the truth about your family. If he did, he'd probably run for the hills." 
el.f
Everett always treated Tiffanie this way, wishing to shame her to death as if it would erase his own humiliation's suffered at the hands of the Dorsey family. He had a visceral reaction to any Dorsey, spewing venom at the sight of Tiffanie. Tiffanie appeared unfazed by his scorn. 
Everett looked at her with disgust, thinking she was just like Victoria, unshakable. He opened the door, pulling her into the car. Tiffanie was gripped by the neck, pinned in the passenger seat, unable to move.
"Everett, if you're driving, could you drop me off? It'd save me a cab fare."
"You really are like your mother! Can't you understand human speech?!"
###Chapter 1119
Tiffanie couldn't get a single word out, her neck quickly showing a bright red welt. Everett looked like he hated her guts, his eyes bloodshot as he glared, as if he wanted to strangle her right then and there.
She thought she was done for. This man seemed like he'd crawled out from the depths of hell, ready to unload all his anger about the Dorsey family onto her. Her vision began to blur, but the sound of a key dropping from Everett's hand snapped him out of his rage. His face froze, and he let her go, carefully picking up the key. "The Dorsey family's bankrupt, so you must be out of cash. North America's more liberal; why don't you go hustle on the streets? Now get lost."
With a shove, Tiffanie tumbled out of the car. Everett didn't even look back, just floored it and sped away.
She sat there on the pavement, unmoving, as cars and curious drivers passed by. After a moment, she sighed deeply and slowly got to her feet. Her neck was sore, and her knee had turned a nasty shade of blue from the fall.
She almost wished Everett had strangled her; it would make for an interesting showdown between him and his father. She had long been tired of living, her life a complete mess. Without Victoria to torment her or insult her like a dog to win Everett's favor, this newfound freedom felt oddly empty.
It was hard to describe, but living another second felt like an insult to the world. Someone as messed up as her might be better off dead. The only thing keeping her going was Everett. She wanted to see his reaction to her being with Mason. Would it drive him insane? Just the thought brought a sly smile to her lips.
When she got back to the place she shared with Mason, the smell of a delicious meal greeted her, wiping away all thoughts of Everett. Mason, a financial hotshot, still found time to cook for her.
In Beaconsfield, she hadn't learned to cook or do much of anything really; Victoria had forbidden it. After changing her shoes in the foyer, she saw Mason in an apron, tasting something from a pot.
He smiled and kissed her cheek when he saw her. "What kept you so late?" Then, noticing the vivid mark on her neck, his pupils constricted. "What happened?"
"Just a scratch." Tiffanie pushed past him into the kitchen. "What have you made? It smells amazing."
"Your favorites. Sit down, let me serve the food, and after we eat, I'll take care of that mark."
Tiffanie stayed silent, her eyes landing on a knife on the table, used by Mason for peeling fruit. He pampered her, sparing her from any household chores. Yet right then, she felt an urge to grab the knife and add a few more cuts to her wrists. Pain had a way of making her feel less anxious, more at ease.
Mason, oblivious to her inner turmoil, finished preparing the meal, and they ate together. Afterwards, Tiffanie brought up something new.
"Mason, let's visit the place you used to live. I want to see it."
Mason rarely refused her and agreed right away. The place he and his mother had once called home was in a rundown area, but they had kept it immaculately clean. Mason had maintained it over the years, giving it the feel of a lived-in home. Stepping inside, Tiffanie felt as if the deathly aura that clung to her was washed away, replaced by a sense of excitement. "Look at this," Mason said, leading her to a door. "This was my mother's room, and the other was mine."
Despite the dire surroundings, it was
clear that the people who had lived here cherished life. Tiffanie only glanced around briefly before hugging Mason. He thought she was feeling sorry for him, smiling softly. "It's alright, that's all behind us now." 
Before he could finish, Tiffanie pushed him onto a narrow couch and kissed him. Mason blushed, surprised, but wrapped his arms around her without resisting. Outside, the sound of a key turning in the lock went unnoticed by the engrossed couple. 
###Chapter 1120
Everett swung the door open and stopped dead in his tracks. Right there on the couch was Mason, making out with Tiffanie. She was perched on his lap, their lips practically glued together. Everett felt like he'd walked into a nightmare. Was he seeing things? But no, it was definitely Mason, and that shameless girl was none other than Victoria's daughter.
Mason's eyes darted to the door, remembering too late that he'd given Everett a key. His face turned crimson as he hurriedly pulled away from Tiffanie, standing up and dragging her with him. "Everett, this is my girlfriend, Tiffanie," he stammered.
Tiffanie clung to Mason's arm, flashing a sweet, almost innocent smile. "Hi, Everett."
The room went silent, the air thick and heavy. It felt like something was about to blow.
Everett clutched the bouquet of white flowers he'd brought, intending to visit the room where his first love had lived, to honor her memory. But here was Victoria's daughter, shamelessly seducing his son in the same space.
Rage boiled over inside Everett. He glared at Tiffanie, recognizing the spiteful glint in her eyes. She had done this on purpose, no doubt about it. Maybe she even relished the idea that the spirit of his lost love might be trapped here, forced to watch her son with the daughter of her enemy.
"Everett, what's the matter? You don't seem pleased to see me," Tiffanie taunted, just as Everett hurled the flowers at her, hitting her square in the face.
The pain was sharp, like her heart was splitting in two. The flowers scattered around her, petals fluttering to the ground, leaving her standing in a mess, looking broken but still defiant. She bent down, calmly picking up the ruined bouquet.
"Interesting way to say hello, Everett," she said, her tone mocking.
Everett felt his head explode with fury. He stormed forward. "Tiffanie! You conniving witch! Did you do this on purpose?! Did you seduce him on purpose?!"
Mason quickly stepped in between them, trying to stay calm. "Everett, what are you doing?"
Everett was shaking with rage, his lips smeared with blood from biting down too hard. Just like Victoria, Tiffanie had found a way to stab him in the heart. Both mother and daughter were true Dorseys.
Everett almost laughed at the
Kall.
absurdity of all. His son, still clueless, was trying to protect this
viper. He couldn't hold back any longer and slapped Mason hard across the face. Mason stumbled, a red handprint blooming on his cheek. 
Everett pointed a trembling finger at him, eyes wild. "You bring this girl here, to your mother's old place? Ift hadn't shown up, were you planning to sleep with her here?! Mason do you even know who she is?! She's Victoria's daughter! The child born from Victoria's assault!" 
His voice echoed down the corridor, making Mason freeze in shock.
Everett grabbed Mason, jabbing a finger dangerously close to Tiffanie's face. "This girl is just like Victoria, knows exactly how to lure men. She's had more boyfriends than you can count. Aren't you disgusted being with her?! She knew who you were all along! She got close to you just to get back at me! No one in the Dorsey family is any good!" 
Mason's head buzzed, unable to process what he was hearing. Tiffanie, Victoria's daughter? The same girl from those old photos, the one who had indirectly caused his mother's illness? He remembered their first meeting, her relentless pursuit, and his eyes filled with tears.
Tiffanie didn't say a word in her defense. Instead, she clapped slowly, sarcastically. "Father and son, finally reunited. Congratulations, Mason. You've finally found your dad."
Even now, her face held that infuriating smile. Mason's chest tightened in pain, almost making him gasp for air.
###Chapter 1121
Everett finally snapped, his hand flying up to deliver a stinging slap.
"You piece of trash! No wonder you said those things to me today, this was your plan all along!"
Tiffanie's mouth was smeared with blood. Hearing his words, she raised an eyebrow and gave a small, silent smile. This was the scene she had orchestrated, but in this moment, she found no joy in it, only a deep, lingering sadness. But why feel sad? She couldn't quite grasp it. After all, this was part of her grand scheme.
When Victoria and Everett hurt her, she aimed straight for Everett's heart.
What had Mason done wrong?
Absolutely nothing. But sometimes, just being born was the mistake, like her, like Mason.
So, questioning what Mason did wrong was pointless.
Sighing, Tiffanie felt an odd sense of relief wash over her.
Every day with Mason had been filled with unhappiness. Now, it was time to end it all.
She licked the blood off her lips-a deliberate act. Each time she wanted to seduce Mason, this was her go-to move.
Mason had said her innocent looks contrasted with such actions, driving him wild.
Naturally, this led to their tumultuous encounters in the bedroom.
But she knew, at this moment, Mason probably wished she was dead.
After cleaning the blood from her lips, Tiffanie smiled at them.
"I'll leave you to your reunion. I'm outta here."
She walked to the sofa, bent down, and picked up her handbag.
Mason, however, strode over, grabbed her firmly, and headed towards the door.
Everett's voice boomed with anger from behind.
"Mason! Where do you think you're taking her?! Don't you care about what happened to your mother?!"
Mason paused, turning to look at Everett.
"Everett, you're the last person who should be saying that."
The sight of father and son at each other's throats was even more satisfying than Tiffanie had imagined.
Disbelief and then rage crossed Everett's eyes as he glared at Tiffanie.
"So, this was your goal, huh? Watching us hurt each other while you stand back and enjoy the show? You're really something!" Tiffanie curled her lips but didn't look at Mason; instead, she focused on Everett.
Countless nights, she had wondered why her father detested her.
It wasn't until she was battered by Victoria and sought Everett's help that he revealed her origins.
Her real father was unknown; she was the result of her mother's assault, the very reason Everett felt chained to the Dorsey family. She was just seven at the time.
That was her first glimpse into the ugly truth behind their glamorous facade.
Whenever Everett insulted her, she reminded herself that one day he would regret it.
And now, she saw regret in Everett's eyes, and it was deeply satisfying.
Everett's insults faded as Tiffanie
realized she was being led away t
from that cottage, the place where Mason had once lived in harmony with his mother. 
In this night, they had exposed the filth of their lives, perhaps leaving even the spirits restless.
Tiffanie remained silent, pushed into the car.
Mason didn't forget to buckle her up.
Upon reaching their current home, Mason pulled her inside.
The door closed, silencing the room.
Tiffanie looked up at him, finally understanding, and spoke softly.
"Should I pack my things and leave? Don't worry, I'll call the movers right now."
She reached for her phone, pretending to make a call.
Mason turned around, his anger pinning her against the wall.
Her back ached from the impact, a grimace crossing her face. Looking up, she saw tears streaking down his cheeks.
"Why?"
Words failed Tiffanie as her phone slipped from her grasp.
"Have I been that terrible to you? Is. this how you disrespect me?
Tiffanie, do you even have a bel
swnotes
His grip on her shoulders was painful, followed by a harsh bite on her lips.
It wasn't a kiss but a bite, filled with the taste of blood and the salty hint of his tears.
When they parted, her lips were bleeding.
He leaned against her, sobbing.
Tiffanie looked emptily at the home they shared, remembering Mason's plans for a bigger house after their wedding. 
The dining table bore roses he'd picked up on a whim, with more by the window.
All because she once mentioned liking roses.
"Mason, happy birthday."
She spoke softly, pushing him away.
"Truth is, I never really liked roses."
It didn't matter. There wouldn't be another chance to buy them.
"I'm leaving."
###Chapter 1122
Mason stood there, completely stunned, staring at her in disbelief.
It hit him like a ton of bricks that he had never really known Tiffanie. She wasn't the carefree spirit he'd always thought she was.
Tiffanie slid the bracelet off her wrist. It was a gift from Mason when she first came to North America. He'd said it was a token from his mom to give to his future wife, a symbol of love shared between his mother and Everett. They were each other's first love, and among the many tokens of affection, this bracelet had, ironically, ended up with Tiffanie.
She handed it back to Mason, who just stood there, staring, before he threw it to the ground. The bracelet shattered, pieces flying everywhere.
The room was so quiet that the sound of the breaking bracelet seemed deafening.
Tiffanie let out a sigh, her smile bitter. "Well, trash needs to be thrown out eventually. Your mom would probably regret giving you this if she knew," she said with a smirk.
Mason felt a wave of nausea at her smile, a sickening urge to vomit rising up.
Without another glance at her, he marched into the bathroom and vomited into the sink.
Tiffanie heard the retching and knew she had made him sick to his stomach. But it didn't matter; tonight, everything was ending.
Before leaving, she noticed the roses on the table. She quickly grabbed two and slipped them into her bag, making her exit before Mason could come back.
When Mason returned, the shattered bracelet was the only trace of Tiffanie left. He collapsed onto the couch, staring blankly at the ceiling until he buried his face in his hands, his shoulders shaking with silent
sobs. 
The room felt even more silent, filled only with the low, suppressed sounds of a wounded soul.
That same night, Tiffanie called the movers, but Mason had acted even faster. Within an hour, he had sold the apartment. It was as if they were in a twisted competition to see who could be more ruthless. After hearing from the movers, Tiffanie decided to go back to the apartment one last time.
It was exactly as she had left it. The kitchen, always spotless thanks to Mason, was still pristine. She opened the fridge to find an untouched cake. They had planned to eat it together while watching a movie that night-a plan now forgotten. 
"What items are you moving?" the movers asked, waiting at the door.
Tiffanie didn't answer right away. She walked over to where the shattered bracelet lay, a stark reminder of their confrontation. Mason had cherished that bracelet, a keepsake from his mother.
Bending down, Tiffanie gathered the pieces, trying to put them back together, but one piece was missing. She found it in the trash, wrapped the broken bracelet in tissue, and placed it in her bag. At the door, she told the movers, "I've paid you. There's nothing to move for now. The apartment's been sold, and the new owner will handle the rest."
It was an unusual request, but the movers couldn't argue with a paid job.
As Tiffanie rode the elevator down,
she clutched the broken pieces in
her bag, the sharp edges cutting into her skin. Blood trickled from her hand, but her expression remained unreadable, lost in thought 
###Chapter 1123
When King woke up, he found himself sprawled across Brielle's lap. Brielle was lost in a book, her eyes scanning the pages intently. Nearby, Isaac and Noir were watching them, their expressions a mix of curiosity and jealousy. King glanced at the wall clock-it was already 10 PM. He hadn't meant to nap so long, but it was the most restful sleep he'd had in years.
"Hey Brielle, let's hit the hay," he suggested, his voice carrying a comforting undertone.
Before Brielle could reply, Isaac stood up, his voice firm with childlike finality. "Daddy, I wanna sleep with you."
King's face darkened. Sometimes this kid was just too much. Ignoring his father's glare, Isaac turned to Brielle, "You sleep by yourself."
Brielle couldn't hide her relief, and King's mood seemed to turn even stormier, his irritation palpable.
Realizing she might have overplayed her hand, Brielle quickly added, "Maybe that's not the best idea. King, you're not feeling well. I should stay with you, just to take care of you."
"No, I can take care of Daddy. You go," Isaac insisted, leaving no room for debate.
King's mood momentarily lifted at Brielle's offer, only to plummet again at Isaac's rebuttal.
"Alright then, King, carry the kid. It's late, let's all head upstairs," Brielle said, standing up, her legs numb from being used as a pillow for so long.
"Daddy, carry me," Isaac demanded, his eyes a mix of challenge and plea.
As King scooped Isaac into his arms, his gaze lingered on Brielle, who pretended not to notice and headed to a different room. After she closed the door, the faint sound of a spanking and Isaac's yelp could be heard. Isaac rubbed his bottom, tears welling up in his eyes. He'd always thought he was the center of his daddy's world, but now he wasn't so sure.
King had hoped the spanking would make Brielle change her mind and come back to their room, but the door stayed shut. With no other choice, he took Isaac back to his room, the boy unjustly punished.
Meanwhile, Brielle was making a secret call to Dustin, asking him to dig into her exchange student days. Despite King's ions, she felt she had the right to know if something significant had happened.
Lying in bed, she missed the comforting embrace she'd grown used to. The bed felt too large, too empty. Had it always been this big?
After tossing and turning for hours,
she finally forced herself to close her eyes. In the middle of the night, she felt the door gently open and someone tiptoe in. The bed dipped as they lay beside her, and soon, that familiar, octopus-like hug enveloped her, bringing an immediate sense of comfort. 
In the room next door, Isaac, still just a child, had fallen into a deep sleep. He had asked King to hold his hand before sleeping, fearing he might get lost in the night. But now, that Kand was replaced by Noir's plush dark
paw. 
Clutching it tightly, Isaac slept soundly, while Noir's tail lazily flicked
in the peaceful darkness of the room. That night, both the boy and his new friend shared in the warmth and comfort of their beds, dreaming sweetly side by side. 
###Chapter 1124
Somewhere else in North America.
Myles had been tied up, hands and feet, for two long days and nights in this dim, Noir-style room. His mind kept replaying the moments after he left the castle, only to be ambushed and dragged here.
No water, no food-his captors were clearly waiting for him to crack and beg for mercy. But that was never going to happen. He was the CEO of DreamTech Designs, a big shot in the oil business. Even Max was just a pawn in his game. Two silent, agonizing days passed.
Then the door creaked open, a sliver of light cutting through the darkness, revealing the silhouette of a man. Myles recognized him immediately.
"Kenzo Barnes?"
After spending so much time in Beaconsfield, Myles knew Kenzo all too well. Kenzo's eyes roamed over Myles, a smirk playing on his lips.
"No wonder they picked you as a body double. Your job, your build... Slap a mask on, and even I could be fooled. You're so deep in this, I bet you don't even know who you are anymore."
Confusion clouded Myles's eyes, momentarily overshadowed by the pain from the ropes biting into his wrists. The sharp pain brought him back to reality. He curled up in a corner, eyes locked on Kenzo. "What do you want?"
Kenzo leaned in closer, their gazes locked.
"Who are you, really?"
"I'm the King! Kenzo, you can't do this to me. I'm Max too."
Kenzo straightened up, his smile twisting cruelly.
"Still clinging to that identity, huh? No wonder you never slipped up back in Beaconsfield."
A long-term double, a hypnotist who fooled even himself, someone who had given up his own identity. He was no longer Myles; he was the King, he was Max.
Kenzo settled into a chair nearby,
and the calm in Myles's demeanor
now mirrored that of the King himself, An outsider might have been intimidated by the tension, but Kenzo simply sipped his tea the
gentle lifting of the lid a stark
contrast to the atmosphere.
"You should be thanking me. You're compromised. If I hadn't brought you here, you'd likely be dead by now." "Impossible! He'd never turn on me!"
Myles couldn't accept it. He was convinced he had perfectly replicated his master's emotions.
Kenzo's fingertips traced the rim of his cup, his skin pale even under the dim lights, a subtle tremble
betraying his calm exterior. To be a linchpin here meant sacrificing one's humanity and enduring brutal trials. Many had died, but those who survived became key players. 
Myles, now slumped against the wall, smirked coldly.
"Kenzo, I know you've got a thing for Brielle. That dinner in Beaconsfield,
the way
you looked at her... It's a
shame, really. She never even gave
you a second glance."
Kenzo paused, his eyes narrowing.
"It seems you didn't genuinely want Brielle, just another step to feel closer to the King, collecting all those mementos."
Standing up, Kenzo began wiping his fingers with a handkerchief.
"To be honest," his voice faltered for a moment, "I was disgusted seeing all that."
Myles tensed, ready to retort, but Kenzo's foot came crashing down, pinning his face to the ground.
"If you were truly the King, you wouldn't be in this position. Better recognize who you are now. I ask, you answer."
Myles's cheek scraped against the cold floor, blood smearing his skin. He never imagined such a gentle-looking man could be so ruthlessly violent.
###Chapter 1125
Kenzo casually pulled his leg back, noticing a smear of blood on his shoe tip, his brow knitting slightly. "What's with that kid?"
He knew the child belonged to Max and Brielle, but the specifics of their sudden split were a mystery to him.
"Cough, cough, cough."
Myles, reeling from the kick, lay gasping on the floor, a pitiful sight.
"Kenzo, you-"
Before he could finish, Kenzo's foot pinned his head to the ground again.
Kenzo's expression remained indifferent, his gaze on Myles as if he were merely an .
"I told you to know your place."
Myles spat out a mouthful of blood, his eyes brimming with defiance despite the humiliation.
"I am the King, and I am Max; that's my identity. Brielle will be my little princess. I'll cherish her, live with her in a castle. Have you seen her face when she's under me? Of course, you haven't! Because you'll never get the chance. She only screams for me." Kenzo frowned, pulling his foot back. Had his self-control really slipped this much?
"Cough, cough, cough."
Myles lay beaten, yet in his heart, he still saw himself as the untouchable King.
Kenzo chuckled, dusting off his hands as his associates entered the room.
"Bring him back to reality."
Myles was deep in his delusions, needing a sharp dose of pain to snap out of it.
That was something these folks excelled at.
Soon enough, someone brought in boiling water and an iron comb.
"Mr. Kenzo, this is my favorite method. Scald his skin with the boiling water, then peel off the cooked flesh with the iron comb. Keep repeating the process until you reach bone. Don't worry, he'll come back to reality soon enough." Kenzo was uninterested in these brutal tactics.
He stepped out of the room, and soon, Myles' screams of agony filled the air.
As Kenzo walked into the front hall, he found a striking woman waiting for him. She wore a thin dress, a cigarette dangling between her red lips, her hair dyed a golden hue. Her gaze fell on Kenzo, visibly intrigued.
The dance of attraction was clear, the invitation laid out, waiting to see if the other party was willing to play along.
The woman clearly had designs on Kenzo, and it was undeniable that his looks were unmatched, even by the heartthrobs of Hollywood.
His demeanor was gentle, yet those who knew him understood this was merely a facade.
"Kenzo, welcome to the fold. Are you hurt? Come to my room; let me tend to your wounds." Her emphasis on "my room" was deliberate, her eyes roaming over him suggestively. This was a vast compound, surrounded by key figures of the organization.
Irene was the only woman among these central figures, not just for her prowess but also because she was the daughter of the organization's leader, his only child. 
Many sought her favor, yet now her attention was firmly on Kenzo.
The envy in the room was palpable as Kenzo, a newcomer, had already caught Irene's eye.
Her approach was bold, her fingers lightly tracing Kenzo's throat.
"You've been injured badly. Running around without treatment could lead to infection."
Kenzo looked down, his expression unreadable.
After a moment, he reached out, pulling her closer.
"Where's your room?"
Irene smiled.
Her room was at the very top, befitting the leader's beloved daughter, an entire floor to herself.
Their kiss was intense, mostly driven
by
initiative. Yet, with Kenzo's
me face, she felt no shame
in making the first move.
belongs to en.FindNovel ontent
"How many men have you been with?" Kenzo paused to ask.
Irene raised an eyebrow. "Worried I might be sick? Relax, I only sleep with virgins. But whether you're one doesn't matter to me."
For Kenzo, captivating a woman was all too easy.
Irene was mesmerized by his unique
aura, as if he was carved from jade, especially when that face was kissing her, her eyes clouding with desire. 
Yet she failed to notice the cold clarity in Kenzo's eyes.
She was the only one lost in the moment.
###Chapter 1126
In what felt like the thousandth time Kenzo had taken her to the heights of ecstasy, Irene suddenly realized she wanted to be with this man. "Kenzo, my dad thinks highly of you."
As their time together wound down, she murmured, fighting through the soreness in her eyes from the intensity of their connection.
But Kenzo was just leaning against the wall, holding a book that seemed to delve into psychology.
"Uh-huh."
His tone was so nonchalant, it was as if the woman beside him hadn't just shared a moment of intense intimacy but was merely a stranger. Irene couldn't help herself; she reached out from under the covers to grab him.
"Kenzo, I'm not ready to sleep yet."
Kenzo shifted his gaze from the book to her.
Irene, true to her name, was as radiant and striking as a summer storm. Yet, to Kenzo, she was merely the boss's daughter, nothing more.
Irene was all about adventure, irresistibly drawn to the unknown. She knew Kenzo didn't feel the same, but she was confident that, in time, he would. After all, her fascination with him was more about his allure than genuine affection. They were both in it for what they could get; no need to complicate things with feelings.
"If I stick with you, my dad will back you. You know we've controlled many with that drug. If you become the leader, you can do whatever you want."
She teased lightly with her fingers.
Kenzo set the book aside and pulled her into his embrace.
"Think you won't be satisfied?"
Irene chuckled, "That depends on how skilled you are."
Truth be told, she was exhausted, drained of all energy.
Yet, seeing him engrossed in a book right after their encounter was unsettling. Was her charm really less captivating than a book?
She slept for two days straight before she felt restored.
Kenzo hadn't stayed with her; he'd been called away on a mission.
Dressing leisurely, Irene descended the stairs to find her father, Colton, seated at the head of the table, with others reporting to him.
Languidly taking a seat, she caught snippets of the conversation.
Ronald was captured, and the informants he managed were compromised.
But these were minor setbacks. Ronald was merely a peripheral figure; his loss, or that of those he managed, was insignificant to the organization. They were never short on manpower. en FindNovel
As the room cleared, Irene spoke up.
"Dad, weren't you looking for a successor? What do you think of Kenzo?"
Her tone, unguarded and flirtatious, made no effort to hide her involvement with Kenzo. Colton, a man with a stern and brooding presence, had a soft spot for his only daughter. "He's promising, far more so than his father or grandfather."
Irene smiled, "Kenzo hasn't won Seamus's approval yet. They see him as just a tool. But now, he seems to have realized his worth. Dad, see great potential in him." 
Colton sipped his tea, placing the cup down with a thoughtful look.
"You said the same about your last... companion."
Irene's smile didn't waver. "Dad, if he hadn't betrayed us, he would have been capable of leading. My persona interests aside, he was talented, wasn't he? In our line of work, it's crucial to choose a
successor wisely. Many are eyeing
your position." 
A calculating smile crossed Colton's face. "You think I'm not aware? Kenzo is competent, but he's also inscrutable."
"Dad, who here isn't? The naive don't last long."
Colton tapped his fingers on the table, pondering before finally asking, "How sure are you he won't betray us?"
Irene, her smile broadening, admired the red polish on her nails.
"He desires someone from the Lynch family, a little princess. Our goals align, so betrayal is unlikely. We'll support each other." "Irene, don't get too carried away."
That man, Colton suspected, was heartless.
Having held his position for so long, Colton knew better than to underestimate anyone, especially someone as hard to read as Kenzo.
###Chapter 1127
"Don't worry, Dad. I've always kept our goal in mind."
As dusk settled in, Kenzo came back, intending to head to the living room. Instead, a hand reached out from the shadows, pulling him into a secluded corner.
There was a side door, leading to a cramped space. Irene wrapped her arms around his neck.
"Dad's agreed to make you the successor. Soon, you'll be my fiancé in both name and right. How does that title suit you?"
Kenzo gazed deeply into her eyes and chuckled softly. "What's my reward?"
The space was too tight, their breaths mingling, seeming to brand themselves deep within, impossible to shake off. Irene didn't say anything, just turned around, her stance making her intentions clear.
Kenzo's fingers traced her back, entangling her in the sensation until she was nearly lost, then he asked, "Sarah, the woman we captured last time, where did you guys take her?"
Sarah was Dustin and Brielle's mother, lured in by Kenzo. At the time, he wasn't a core member and couldn't decide her fate.
Irene chuckled lightly. "That lady? You don't even fret over your own mother's tragic death, yet you worry about someone else's. I'm not sure if you're too caring or heartless. Besides, discussing such matters now really isn't to my taste." "She's a key threat to the Lynch family," Kenzo said, his tone indifferent, still holding her waist.
Irene squinted. "Someone as crucial as her would only be known by my father. And with Sarah's ties to North American royalty, she's not just leverage against the Lynch family but also a bargaining chip with the royals. Kenzo, considering your great achievement, I'm not just rewarding you with myself but also the position of successor. You can't betray me."
"Of course not."
velike
The confined space soon filled with Irene's sounds. Passersby knew what was happening inside but none dared to eavesdrop. Firstly, out respect for Irene's status, and secondly, because of her temper. Push her too far, and a dagger might be the last thing you see 
"Kenzo, my father also has an adopted son extremely formidable, the strongest in the organization. I'm not sure how you'd stack up against him, but now that you're the
successor, you'll probably meet him. He doesn't like showing his face, and all these years, only my father
knows what he looks like, not even
me." 
"An adopted son?"
Kenzo had done extensive research before coming here. He thought he had enough information but hadn't expected the existence of this so-called adopted son.
"Yes, Ricardo might be high on the
assassin leaderboard, but the deadliest isn't listed. That's my
Jaired, the organization's trumpet
card. If there's someone truly worth killing, my father assigns Jaired to the task." 
"Why didn't your father choose him as the successor then?"
"Jaired's not into power; he thrives on thrill, relishing the desperation of those struggling to survive in his grasp. He's disinterested in our operations and growth, content being just an executioner."
Such a mindset made for the perfect assassin. With this new information, Kenzo fell silent. Irene merely reached out to hook her arm around his neck.
"So heartless, huh? Get what you wanted to hear and lose interest?"
"Let's go to your bed."
"Kenzo, I really like that about you."
What that was, even Irene couldn't precisely define. Kenzo, a man of few words, navigated the world with extreme gentleness. His mere presence was comforting. Afterward, Kenzo told her, "I need to know where Sarah is being held."
###Chapter 1128
Irene didn't let him down, but she had her terms. Next time, she wanted to hear his voice while they were in the moment. Kenzo lifted her chin with his slender fingers, a gentle smile playing on his lips. "You can listen as long as you want."
That very afternoon, Irene got Colton to spill the beans about where Sarah was being kept.
Kenzo raised an eyebrow, looking at the radiant woman in front of him, still waiting for her reward. She was quite the useful stepping stone.
Meanwhile, at the underground pharmaceutical base where Sarah was, everyone was bustling around. From the outside, it looked like just another mountain, but it was hiding a whole different world beneath.
Sarah had been stuck there for days. At first, she managed to rig up a communication system from some broken parts to reach out to Dustin. But recently, patrols had ramped up, and those parts were seized. Now, she was completely cut off.
She noticed that several of the people working here were familiar faces. Renowned pharmacists from North America, previously reported dead in car accidents, whose families had mourned them and held funerals. Turned out, those accidents were just cover-ups to fake their deaths.
Clearly, none of them were here by choice. They were all brilliant pharmacists who only wanted to publish their research and attend international conferences. Instead, they ended up trapped here.
What shocked Sarah the most was the hijacking of a plane during the world's most prestigious pharmacists' conference years ago. That plane was full of top pharmacists heading to North America. After the hijacking, the circle of pharmacists quickly dwindled. International efforts to find the plane were massive, with over a hundred families involved, causing a global uproar. Considering these individuals were highly valued by their countries, the search continued for nearly a decade. But after ten years with no wreckage found, it was clear those aboard were likely gone for good.
Having spent so long in the base, Sarah realized these people were considered dead by the outside world. Car accidents, suicides, murders, plane crashes - these were their supposed fates.
When she first contacted Dustin, she told him to wait for her signal. This organization wasn't just the Lynch. family's enemy but the enemy of over a hundred families, even entire clans if she could gather enough evidence, the Lynch family could
unite with others to bring down this
decades-old organization.
But getting that evidence was incredibly tough. These people had been enslaved for years, some even decades, losing all hope, numbly producing various pills. These pills could control influential people, addicting them and turning them into the organization's pawns. Every bit of information Sarah uncovered made her blood run cold. The Lynch family had been infiltrated by this dark organization, and they had no clue.
She was also grateful that Dustin had managed to survive all these years. That kid must have been a saint in a past life.
Sarah's purpose for being here was straightforward: everyone else had become puppets, unwilling to speak more than necessary. Although Sarah wasn't a chef, her family Australia was famous for catering state banquets, giving her more expertise in Australian cuisine than most. 
Their current target was Beaconsfield's state banquets, showing just how ambitious this organization was.
At lunchtime, when the cafeteria
opened, all the pharmacists
gathered to eat. Sarah's gaze landed on one woman whose eyes still held a spark of light amidst the sea of vacant stares. Everyone wore white coats, including Sarah, a color that could numb one's hope over time. 
As Sarah brought food to the woman, she noticed she was looking at a photograph. Recognizing the woman in the photo, Sarah murmured, "Simone?"
Hearing her name, the woman with the photo looked up in disbelief, locking eyes with Sarah. Sarah recognized the face but couldn't place it. The photo showed two girls, one taller than the other, looking similar enough to be sisters.
###Chapter 1129
The woman clutching the photograph took a quick glance around, her fingers trembling, then her whole body following suit. It had been years, so many years since anyone had spoken that name. Sarah sat down, pretending to serve dinner. "The girl in your photo, she's Simone. She was a friend of mine. Who might you be?"
The woman's lips quivered, unsure if Sarah was someone sent by the organization. Twenty-eight years ago, when she first arrived here, she'd already been through countless deceptions. Each time, hope led to despair. That was the story for everyone here. In the beginning, there was hope, but as time passed, despair and numbness set in. Sarah knew the psychological torment everyone here had suffered, so she spoke softly, adding a few more words.
"Twenty-seven years ago, Simone married into a royal family in the Middle East. But after being framed and rejected by her husband, she fled while pregnant. I found her on the run, with many people chasing her. The child she carried was a threat to the royal family if it were a son. I helped Simone escape to Beaconsfield in Australia, found her a safe place. Because of the relentless pursuit, I erased all traces of Simone afterward and broke off contact. But I believe her child grew up safely."
Sarah had a comforting presence that instantly put people at ease. She looked at the woman before her, tears streaming down her face, and asked tentatively, "Are you Orla, the lost genius pharmacist from the Dorsey family, Simone's older sister?"
If not for Orla's disappearance,
Simone wouldn't have chosen to marry into the royal family and face the events that followed. After all, they were sisters who depended on each other. Once Orla, the pillar, fell, Simone was left alone in the Dorsey family, forcing her to seek new support, which at the time was the man she loved, a prince from the Middle East. But that support turned
out to be a mistake.
Simone's biggest regret was trusting that man, and her biggest sorrow was never seeing her sister again. If King were here, he would understand the origin of the name Max. Simone's sister was Orla. But those names were too feminine, hence the change. Max's name wasn't chosen at random.
Orla covered her mouth, tears
streaming down her face. Seeing her
reaction, Sarah knew her guess was
right. Back in the day, she and Simone were friends, but with Simone far away in the Dorsey family they seldom met. Sarah had heard of Orla, a name often mentioned by Simone, as she shielded her from all hardships during their time at the Dorsey family. Simone, naive and sheltered, had her sister Orla to thank for facing all the storms.
"I always admired my sister Orla and you, Sarah. You both have been the guiding lights in my life," Simone had said. After Orla's disappearance, the faces of those once considered family turned monstrous, forcing Simone into marriage for self-preservation. But she hadn't realized then that it was stepping into another hell.
In the Dorsey family, only her sister Orla had doted on her, and the royal family was only interested in Orla's pharmaceutical talents. The royal family never lacked for money, only talent, so the prince approached the naive Simone, easily deceived. Young, beautiful, and gullible, Simone was an easy target in their conflicts. The so-called love was merely a solo performance by her. 
When news of her sister's misfortune reached her, the prince showed his true colors. Nearly running on fumes, she thought she was going to die until her savior, Sarah, appeared. Like a beacon of light, as strong as her sister, Sarah pulled her back from the brink of death.
###Chapter 1130
She had accepted everything, except for the thought of losing the child growing inside her.
She wanted to bring this baby into the world, but Sarah kept saying that the baby would only bring trouble. The Saudis were after her because of this unborn child. Despite her battered and bruised state, Simone was determined to give birth.
"They're afraid of me and my child. My sister was a genius, and my child has the best genes in the world. If he survives, he'll overthrow the Saudi monarchy. I want them to live in constant fear of me, a ticking bomb under their feet, always remembering me and my child, never finding peace." A woman scorned by love is terrifying.
The once sweet and innocent woman had become unrecognizable.
"Sarah, please, I'm begging you. Help me have this baby."
With no other option, Sarah erased Simone's existence from the records, gave her a new identity, and smuggled her off to Beaconsfield, Australia.
The same year Orla disappeared, the Dorsey family was in the midst of vicious infighting. Her disappearance was linked to Ronald, who was then cast out of the Dorsey clan.
But no one guessed that Orla's disappearance was part of Ronald's grand plan. To prove his loyalty to a new organization, he offered up a genius as tribute.
He even orchestrated a civil war within the royal family.
But he never imagined that the Saudi princess he once scorned, so wretched and defeated, would survive long enough to give birth.
And that child, twenty-some years later, would upend all his careful plans in Saudi in a single night.
What goes around, comes around.
King was deeply influenced by Simone. He felt her unyielding spirit and bitterness towards love.
He set his sights on Saudi, aiming to become a key player in the oil industry, as a gift to his mother.
Before meeting Brielle, Simone had the deepest impact on him.
So, he never shunned Max, treating him like a brother, a true ally.
He was ready to protect Max, to clear any obstacles for him, just as Orla had once shielded Simone from life's storms.
His mother named him King to set him apart from Max, knowing he had big ambitions.
King learned much about the world from Simone, nearly everything he knew about its early stages.
"Son, I've always dreamed of you avenging the Saudi royal family. It's my lifelong wish. But more than that, I want you to live a long life, to reach
a hundred without facing any
disasters." 
Her initial hatred for the Saudi royal family began to fade as she watched her son struggle for survival among the Dorseys.
She wanted her son to have a good life, but she knew he wasn't ordinary.
Orla, as the elder sister, had been deceived and brought here, losing touch with the outside world.
Ronald had lured her away from the
emily under Simone's name,
and since then, she had
confined to this sterveld
But now, someone had brought news of her sister, the person Orla worried about most in the world. Orla's hands were wrinkled, aged prematurely from years of developing drugs and radiation exposure. What should have been the hands of a woman not yet fifty looked more like tree bark.
But fate was kind, for now, someone had brought news of her sister.
Her sister was still with that deceitful man, deceived, but her child had grown up safe and sound.
What did her nephew look like? Was he as talented and charming as they said?
Was he as adorable as her sister, who had always been so beautiful?
Orla's gaze lifted to Sarah, standing before her.
But her mind had become muddled after so many years here.
"My name is Sarah."
Sarah sat down, her face calm. "This isn't the place to talk. Finish your meal, and we'll meet later." Surveillance was everywhere, and even the victims here could have been brainwashed into informants. They couldn't risk further conversation, or it would draw suspicion.
Sarah was bold and clever. The brief exchange, facilitated under the guise of serving a meal, was carefully timed. Even if surveillance had caught the interaction, they would likely assume Orla was simply upset and Sarah was offering comfort. 
###Chapter 1131
As twilight descended, Sarah quietly navigated a narrow path toward Orla's hideout. In this place, everyone adhered to a rigid schedule. No one was permitted outside during curfew, and violators faced severe consequences-no exceptions.
The rules here were stricter than any military camp, but with so many brilliant minds gathered, the organization hardly noticed if a few went missing. Sarah had discovered a hidden route that required sneaking past the women's restroom, a rare blind spot without cameras. She followed this path, aiming to reach Orla's quarters. Each dorm room housed four people, all painted a clinical white. Besides basic toiletries and bedding, the rooms were bare. Servants would knock daily to collect laundry.
Sarah planned to use this routine to slip into the dormitory building. At the far end, there was a storage room where Orla waited. Orla had been overly emotional at lunch but had since regained her composure. She was, after all, a former prodigy in potion-making and a protective older sister, with a psyche stronger than most.
Soon, the sound of a door unlocking brought a spark of hope to Orla's eyes, and a small smile crept onto her face. Finally, she might get the full details about her sister and perhaps, together with Sarah, find a way to escape. After being trapped here for twenty-eight years, she had almost given up hope. Yet now, a chance for freedom seemed within reach.
Orla remained silent, her face
But as she opened the tiny door, instead of an escape, she was met with the cold steel of a dagger. The blade pressed against her neck as she stared into the eyes of a stunning woman. Irene, with a mischievous grin and an innocent shrug, said, "Good afternoon, Ms. Hooke. Please, come with me."
turning numb again. As they passed
the dormitories, she saw her roommate receiving a reward for reporting her unauthorized outing. Here, hope was a rare commodity. Not Was escape a distant
dream, but betrayal by those close to you was common. Victims themselves, some turned into perpetrators, betraying their own. 
With a dagger pressed against her neck, Orla gazed sorrowfully at her roommate's eager-to-please smile. Irene, sensing her thoughts, smiled and said, "Ms. Hooke, you've been here a long time. What's left out there for you? The world has changed, and those you care about are likely gone. Better to stay and serve the organization. We've taken good care of you, haven't we? You're a respected elder here, and I personally hold you in high regard." 
Orla remained silent, detached from the unfolding scene. Irene sighed, her tone casual. "Ms. Qin is also a troublemaker. But who would've thought she'd stir up such a storm here? She almost succeeded right under our noses. Unfortunately for her, we have a new successor now, and he's quite the strategist. Your little schemes can't escape his notice." 
Pride twinkled in Irene's eyes as she spoke of her partner in crime. Meanwhile, Sarah, navigating the newly discovered path, felt something was off, as if her instincts were sounding an alarm. Just as she considered turning back, a gun was pressed against the back of her head.
The man's voice was soft. "Ms. Qin, this is where it ends." Frowning, Sarah didn't dare look back. The gun forced her forward, eventually leading her to a hall where Orla was already kneeling. Kenzo lowered his gun and looked toward Colton, who sat at the front, visibly pleased.
"Excellent! Kenzo, I always knew you had it in you," Colton exclaimed, his satisfaction with Kenzo clear in his repeated praises. "Bring another chair, place it beside me. From now on, Kenzo will sit as my equal," he declared, marking a new era within their twisted fellowship.
###Chapter 1132
The words hit like a sledgehammer, shaking everyone to their core. It was obvious: once Kenzo married Irene, the entire organization would be his to command.
Kenzo was a newcomer, but he had swiftly risen through the ranks by cozying up to the boss's only daughter. He'd also uncovered a secret meeting between two women, nipping a hidden threat in the bud. Now, Colton had set a chair right beside him, making it clear to everyone that Kenzo was the heir apparent. Kenzo kept quiet, but Irene boldly wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the lips. "Congrats, sweetheart."
Kenzo's eyes remained unreadable, but he flashed her a smile anyway. He stepped forward, nodded to Colton, and took his seat calmly beside him.
Colton gave him an approving look. Kenzo was cool, calm, and deceptively composed. Going up against someone like him would be terrifying. Luckily, his daughter had the smarts to bring Kenzo into the fold early on.
"Kenzo, you've proven me right. This is your place now. As for your father and grandfather, their fate is in your hands. Do as you see fit."
Kenzo smiled and glanced at Sarah. "Maybe the boss should focus on these two first."
"Got any bright ideas, Kenzo?"
Kenzo lowered his lashes, thinking, then spoke. "You mentioned using Miss Qin to leverage the Lynch family and the royal connections, but keeping her there... Miss Qin was a big name internationally. A slight oversight and she could contact the outside world. She needs to be kept in solitary confinement. As for the other one..."
His eyes landed on Orla, her head hanging low. "Just kill her. She's of no use."
"Kenzo, you might not know, but this woman is the former Saudi princess's older sister, from the Dorsey family. Her name's Orla.
She's been here for twenty-eigh net
years. A prodigy in her time, she helped develop our initial drugs. We can't just kill her." 
The Dorsey family from Saudi? The former princess's sister? Wasn't that Max's aunt?
A flicker of interest sparked in Kenzo's eyes, followed by a light chuckle. Right now, Colton didn't know that King was Max, so he hadn't thought to use Orla as
leverage. But Kenzo was already a
Step
ahead. This woman could be useful. 
He needed to dig into Orla's relationship with her sister. If they were close, Orla could be a way to threaten Max. Max now controlled Saudi gif, a position of immense power. If Orla was the key to bringing him down, she was worth keeping. 
Finding someone like her in the organization was quite a twist. Fascinating, indeed.
"Boss, we should isolate these two. We've waited years; we can't wait forever. Now that we've got two aces up our sleeve, let me handle the next steps."
Colton frowned. He trusted Kenzo, but handing over the future of the organization so soon felt risky.
"Father, let him do it," Irene said with a smile. "Kenzo promised he'd never betray me."
Even if his heart was elsewhere, his current aim wasn't to be with that person but to destroy them. Their goals were perfectly aligned.
Love turning to hate, love turning to fear. Such is the way of the world.
###Chapter 1133
It had been twelve long days since Sarah vanished into thin air.
Dustin stared at the messages on his computer, his face a mask of frustration and anger. Beside him stood a stranger, delivering a report with a nervous edge to his voice.
"Sir, we've gathered all the intel available. Additionally, you asked us to look into Miss's exchange program. We've completed that investigation. We found the students who were in the same class as Miss, but it turns out she hardly ever attended in person, opting for online classes instead. So, after the initial days, Miss was virtually absent from the school."
"Also, we found out that Miss had a very loving boyfriend, but any details about him seem to have been meticulously erased, leaving no trace behind."
Dustin's frown deepened at the mention of a loving boyfriend.
Brielle and Spencer had been engaged for a decade, only for her to find out about Spencer's infidelity and impulsively get involved with Max. During her exchange program, before discovering Spencer's betrayal, it was unlike her to have a boyfriend, given her personality. "Who said she had a boyfriend?"
The stranger coughed slightly, choosing his words carefully.
"It was mentioned by a classmate. Apparently, Miss came to school one day with marks that didn't go unnoticed, and after that, she never showed up again. The classmate also mentioned that her boyfriend was extremely possessive, calling her every ten minutes on the day she attended school."
Every ten minutes?
That level of possessiveness and control screamed of an unhealthy attachment to Brielle.
"Did any classmate mention how she seemed at the time?"
"Not good, sir. She appeared quite distracted."
"Right."
After dismissing the informant, Dustin tapped his fingers lightly on the desk, lost in thought, before reaching for his phone to call a friend in Saudi Arabia.
"Can you check on the whereabouts
of the 'Son of the Desert' from five
years ago? I need to know if he was in Saudi or North America during that time." 
His friend in Saudi Arabia was well-connected. The 'Son of the Desert' was a beloved figure there, deeply respected by the people. Soon, a response came through.
"Regarding his whereabouts, there's
detailed coverage. For a long stretch five years ago, he wasn't here. There was a significant oil deal with North America at that time, causing quite a stir. He went to North America with their royal delegation and signed a six-month oil agreement. But, something about that deal always seemed off to us, like we got the short end of the stick." 
The man's tone held a hint of suspicion but quickly shifted to defend the 'Son of the Desert.'
"However, since he took over Saudi oil, our economy has skyrocketed. So, nobody really questioned that six-month deal."
A spark of realization flashed in Dustin's eyes.
"Can I see that agreement?"
"I'm afraid that's not possible. It's a
royal document, and I only heard about it through the grapevine. It was unlike him to make such a deal, clearly favoring North America. But he made up for it elsewhere 
QUMS
With this new information, Dustin hung up. The room fell silent as he pieced together the scattered bits of data in his mind.
"That child, the spitting image of Max."
"Split personality."
"Her boyfriend's possessiveness and need for control, calling every ten minutes."
"That deal doesn't sound like something the 'Son of the Desert' would sign, clearly a win for North America."
Amidst the tangled web of clues, Dustin began to see a pattern, finally opening his eyes to a new possibility.
###Chapter 1134
He dialed King's number.
King had been faking an illness these past few days, relishing in Brielle's doting care, wishing he could spend his whole life lounging on that sofa. When he saw Dustin's name flash on his phone, his expression darkened immediately. How could this guy dare to call him after the diamond ring fiasco? That issue wasn't even resolved yet.
Dustin had claimed Brielle adored pigeon-egg-sized diamonds, the bigger, the better. Now it was clear he'd been tricked into boosting the Lynch family's earnings. King scoffed, but seeing Brielle by his side, peeling grapes for him, he decided to let it slide. "Hey, Dustin, what do you want?"
"Let's meet up."
"No way. You tricked me last time, and we haven't settled that yet."
"Fine, if you won't come, I'll just drop by and tell Brielle about that trouble she got into in North America five years ago, ending up with a kid."
King froze, his face turning pale. The relaxed posture he had on the sofa vanished, replaced by tension and a menacing look in his eyes. How could Dustin know about that? He'd been so discreet back then. Dustin, hearing the silence, knew he had hit the mark.
Driven by jealousy and the need to control, someone who calls every ten minutes, like Max, couldn't pull this off-but King could. King's gaze flickered toward Brielle. She was offering him a perfectly peeled grape. These past few days, he had been too "sore" to leave the couch or bed, and she hadn't called him out on it, indulging his whims. She was actually quite easy to please.
But when she looked up, she caught the fear in his eyes, as if he were about to lose something precious. Brielle felt a heavy weight in her chest.
"What's wrong? Is something up?"
King snapped out of his panic, clumsily covering the phone, worried Brielle might overhear Dustin's words.
"What do you want?"
If Dustin weren't Brielle's brother, just for threatening him like this, he'd make sure Dustin disappeared from this world.
"Little Y doesn't know about this,
does she? The day she asked me to dig into this, but not you, it means you're blocking her from finding out. She came to me for help, and she's starting to suspect. You can't hide this much longer." 
King's gaze fell, vulnerability flashing across his face, his voice suddenly hoarse, as if choked up.
"I'll keep it hidden as long as I can."
After all, this happiness was stolen. From the start, Brielle only wished for him to vanish, wanting Max back.
Dustin stayed silent, unable to fully grasp these emotional intricacies. To him, relationships were more about physical connections than soulful encounters, something he hadn't experienced yet.
"Dustin, can you please drop this?"
There was a hint of pleading in his
voice. Brielle sitting beside him, realized the caller was her brother. She had asked her brother to looke into her exchange program, wondering now if he had found something. If there was a
development, why hadn't her brother
contacted her directly instead of King? 
Apart from treating her and Isaac kindly, King was usually dismissive of others, even towards Dustin. He wasn't one to beg, but now, he seemed to be pleading with Dustin. Brielle frowned, King's obvious
distress making her suspect
something significant had happened
during her exchange program.
To King, perhaps the only things that mattered in this world were her and Isaac. He wouldn't bother with anything else. So, the incident during her exchange might involve her or Isaac.
But how old was Isaac now? As Brielle considered Isaac's age, a realization struck her. The timing matched Isaac's conception; how could she forget? King had an old flame, the woman who had given birth to Isaac.
###Chapter 1135
For some reason, a brief sting pierced her heart.
She looked up at the man in front of her, unable to catch what was being said on the other end of the line, but he agreed to it.
King ended the call and stood up, avoiding her gaze.
"Brielle, I need to step out for a bit."
"To see my brother?"
"Yeah."
"I'm coming with you."
"No, that's not necessary."
Brielle stayed silent. King was usually glued to her side, almost as if he wished he could tuck her into his pocket whenever he left the house. So, his reluctance to bring her along clearly hinted at trouble. "Alright, just... come back soon, okay?"
Hearing this, King felt a wave of emotion. He planted a kiss on her left cheek, then another on her right.
"I will."
At the door, he couldn't help but blurt out, "I'm really going now. Make sure you eat on time while I'm gone."
Although slightly irritated, Brielle's lips curved into a smile at his words. "Okay."
King hurried downstairs, eager to meet Dustin at the agreed spot.
Meanwhile, Brielle, left behind, set aside the grapes she'd been holding and got up, intending to follow him. She texted Dustin.
Where are you guys meeting?
Without waiting for a reply, Brielle changed her outfit and slowly made her way to the door.
Bro, if this involves another woman, don't bother sending me the address. But if it's about me, I have a right to know. You wouldn't keep this from me alongside him, right? Minutes later, she received an address. Clearly, this matter concerned her.
But what could it be that changed King's demeanor so suddenly?
As Brielle opened the living room door, ready to leave, a small hand tugged at the hem of her dress. She looked down to see Isaac staring up at her, wanting to go outside too. Isaac, the introverted child, only really interacted with King and Noir, paying little attention to her otherwise.
And he rarely asked to go outside, so Brielle couldn't refuse, especially since he shared Max's unmistakable features.
And surprisingly, Isaac even held out his hand to her.
"If you really want to come, then let's go together. But it's crowded out there, so don't let go of my hand, okay?" Isaac nodded, calling out, "Noir."
Noir emerged from some bushes, shaking off leaves, his muscular body moving gracefully yet obediently following behind. With Isaac and Noir in tow, Brielle took the wheel, ensuring Isaac was securely buckled in the passenger seat.
Isaac, unaccustomed to being this close to a woman he didn't know well, shifted uncomfortably.
He had seized this moment to push her away from his father, planning to act when the opportunity arose.
Brielle, having secured Isaac, drove off towards the address Dustin had sent. It was quite a distance, as Brielle's current residence was a castle, not in the city center, but the address was. 
As they drove, several cars followed, all tasked with protecting Isaac.
Upon reaching a wide street, Brielle noticed several cars suddenly approaching from another direction through her mirror. Instinctively trying to avoid them, she realized they weren't after her but the bodyguards. 
The cars collided, erupting into flames.
Gripping the steering wheel tightly, Brielle's face hardened.
"Hold tight, little cricket."
Isaac, though small, understood the gravity of their situation as cars pursued them, intent on their demise, deploying significant force.
The convoy protecting Isaac included top-notch snipers, but now, engulfed in flames, it was clear those inside hadn't survived.
Their attackers, undeterred by the
presence of civilians, had dispatched
at least ten vehicles. They were
determined to capture them,
regardless of the consequences, even risking a royal manhunt 
AQUMS
Both Brielle and Isaac realized the stakes, their expressions turning cold.
###Chapter 1136
Brielle floored the accelerator, weaving through traffic like a seasoned racecar driver. In the backseat, Noir sensed the danger, his eyes scanning the surroundings with a mix of alertness and curiosity.
Isaac, quick on his feet, pulled out the GPS tracker hanging around his neck. This wasn't just any tracker; it was a multifunctional device that could navigate urban jungles and make emergency calls. Without hesitation, he dialed King. King was with Dustin in a dimly lit diner that had seen better days. The air was thick with tension, neither man particularly pleased to see the other. But the moment King's phone rang and he saw Isaac's name, his demeanor softened. "Little Cricket," he answered, his voice tinged with concern.
"Dad, we're being chased. Me, Brielle... help us."
The tracker was still on Isaac, a beacon amidst the chaos. Despite their bodyguards being taken out, hope wasn't lost as long as the tracker was active. King was up in an instant, rallying Joseph with urgency, "Find Little Cricket and Brielle. Deploy everything we've got to rescue them."
Dustin, overhearing, couldn't sit still either. He was on his phone in a heartbeat, his voice tense, "We've got a situation. Little Falcon's in trouble."
In an unexpected display of unity, the two men, moments away from a showdown, now shared a ride, setting their differences aside for a common cause.
Back at the Lynch estate, a fleet of private helicopters lifted off from the family's airstrip, their rotors slicing through the air. At the castle, elite snipers were ready to move out, their skills unmatched and their aim deadly.
Brielle, upon hearing Little Cricket had made the call, felt a wave of relief. In the face of danger, the kid showed courage, reminding her of Max in more ways than one. Little did she know, their expressions mirrored each other's determination.
Little Cricket, gently patting Noir's head in the backseat, spoke up, "Urban ambush."
His words were a clear warning: the urban center was undoubtedly rigged with a larger trap. Their assailants had already made their move on this freeway, showing they cared little for the might of the Lynch family, the influence of the royal family, or the power of North American alliances. This was a desperate move, indicating the real danger lay ahead, on the road to the city center. 
Brielle was taken aback, realizing she and the kid were on the same wavelength. Heading towards the city would guarantee their capture, especially since King and her brother were likely facing significant obstacles of their own.
Was it that shadowy organization behind this? Capturing her and Isaac would indeed force the Lynch family to surrender their diamond empire and hand over the oil riches on a silver platter. They couldn't afford to be caught, nor could they head into the city. "Little Cricket, you're brilliant. Let's cut through this wetland park and head for the hills. Noir's wilderness skills should give us the upper hand. How about he carries us both? Sound good?"
Noir, larger and more imposing than any ordinary leopard, stood taller than most men when on his hind legs. Together, Brielle and Isaac weighed no more than a regular prey Noir might hunt in the wild, making their plan to escape on his back feasible.
Isaac was surprised, finding himself
and Brielle on the same page. He turned to her, noticing for the first time how calm she remained under pressure. If it had been Kailee, she'd probably be clutching her rosary and praying by now. Maybe there was more to this woman than met the eye; she wasn't just a pretty face after all. 
"Alright," he agreed, as Brielle's car veered off the road, plowing through the underbrush towards the wetland park. This park, vast and largely
undeveloped, was typically emnet
until the afternoon. It offered them a brief respite from their pursuers, who had been maintaining à careful distance, herding them towards the city and its prepared traps. 
But what they hadn't anticipated was Brielle's sudden detour, creating a new path away from the laid-out snare.
###Chapter 1137
Several cars momentarily froze in confusion, all coming to a halt. But then, a call came through. At all costs, Brielle must be captured!
Engines roared back to life, and the cars zoomed straight to the marshland park. If anyone had been there, they'd have witnessed a high-stakes chase unfolding. The brief pause let Brielle gain some distance.
The cars sped through the expansive park, heading for the hills. But these hills were untouched by development; the cars could go no further.
Brielle got out, holding Isaac, while Noir, who had been curled up inside, stretched and shook its muscles vigorously. Brielle climbed onto Noir's back, wrapping her arms around its neck.
Noir had grown up with Isaac, who'd spent years in the castle, and they frequently explored the hills together. Despite being domesticated, Noir retained its hunting instincts and regularly hunted. Its genetics made it superior to most panthers, allowing it to run as swiftly as the wind, the trees blurring past.
Brielle felt a wave of nausea from the speed. Isaac, however, was used to Noir's pace. Feeling Brielle's warmth behind him, he found an unexpected sense of comfort. If only she hadn't wished for her daddy to disappear, things would be so much better. "Noir, go to our usual hunting ground."
That place, frequently visited by Noir for hunting, was connected to these hills and required covering a vast distance, far beyond the pursuers' reach. Additionally, the dense foliage made it nearly impossible for the chasers, even with helicopters or snipers, to aim properly against Noir's swift dodging.
Isaac's favorite was undoubtedly Noir. Understanding his words, Noir sped up, moving so fast it almost left afterimages, making Brielle struggle to keep from getting sick.
Meanwhile, the pursuers, upon seeing the abandoned cars, knew their targets had fled towards the hills and began the chase on foot. They were a formidable group, over thirty strong, all fully armed. "Chase them! Don't let them escape!"
They also reported the situation to their mastermind. Thus, helicopters took to the skies, clashing with those on Dustin's side in a fierce confrontation.
At that moment, Dustin and King were still in their car, surrounded by hunters and traps. They had no choice but to abandon the vehicle and flee to a tall building to meet their helicopter.
King, tracking Isaac's route, shared it
with everyone, including Dustin, who then spread the information further. Their cooperation was seamless, but the enemy's helicopters also arrived at that moment. 
From the ground, it would appear that the sky was filled with helicopters, as numerous as migrating birds. Dustin and King's helicopter didn't engage in battle. Seeing the enemy deploying over twenty helicopters for interception, Dustin smirked. Were they really trying to compete with the Lynch family in terms of wealth?
When it came to wealth, the Lynch family had never been outmatched. He made another call, summoning a hundred helicopters to the scene. They quickly overpowered the opposition.
However, King's expression remained grim, aware that the enemy had reinforcements.
"Dustin, go find Brielle and Isaac."
He was worried about them. With so many traps in the city, it was fortunate they had fled to the hills. But what was their situation now?
If anything happened to them... King's eyes reddened at the thought. If anything happened to them, he wouldn't want to live either.
The helicopter headed towards
Isaac's location, while the
mastermind behind all this also sent
reinforcements. The organization,
having existed for decades, had a
strength not to be underestimated. 
###Chapter 1138
Inside the organization, the atmosphere was thick with tension. Everyone was on high alert, eyes glued to the unfolding situation.
For years, the members had operated with extreme caution, infiltrating other families under the radar when necessary. But now, with the new leader in charge for merely two days, he was already proposing a daring and expansive battle plan. Some members voiced their concerns, reminding everyone that they were fugitives in multiple countries. Such a bold move seemed reckless, especially from someone so new to the helm.
Kenzo sat at the head of the table; Colton was nowhere in sight, with only Irene by his side. She sat comfortably in his lap, her fingers lightly playing with his earlobe.
Without a hint of emotion, Kenzo spoke up, "We've been using the same tactics for decades. Seamus spent years embedded in the Lynch family and got nothing. Now we've got so many aces up our sleeves. What's there to fear? Do you want to hide forever like scared rabbits? A real warrior seeks adventure everywhere, right?"
The members, who took on various jobs to survive and were mostly orphans, naturally yearned to leave their mark on the world.
After all, those who made it to the core were a bit unhinged, having passed intense mental and physical tests. Fear wasn't in their DNA.
Their real issue wasn't with the plan, but with how quickly Kenzo had risen to power.
Where was Colton, the previous leader?
Why hadn't he been seen today?
As doubts filled the room, Irene spoke up, "My father is unwell, resting in his room. If you don't trust Kenzo, do you not trust me either? I would never harm my father."
Everyone knew Irene's close relationship with Colton, which silenced any dissent. Yet, the next update brought bad news.
"The Lynch family has teamed up with King. Now, both powerhouses are against us. Mr. Kenzo, what's our move?"
The room erupted. The diamond magnates teaming up with the oil tycoons was a monumental threat Even with years of development, the organization would struggle against the world's most powerful families. 
Kenzo smirked, pulling Irene closer.
Irene looked down at him, silent.
Kenzo stood, gently releasing her. "We still have hostages, don't we? Keep Orla and Sarah; they might come in handy. As for the others, they're the prodigies many families have been searching for. I bet they're eager
for a reunion." Conten &
His smirk widened, "Start by calling ten families. Threaten them. They must help us against the Lynch family and the Saudis, or their long-lost loved ones will suffer." 
en FindNovel
This ruthless strategy played on the fact that many of these individuals were thought dead, their loss having previously made headlines and brought grief to their families.
Revealing that these cherished talents were still alive would undoubtedly shake those families to their core.
Love, friendship, and family ties are the most unpredictable forces in the world.
Threaten ten families, and one or two might aid the organization.
Threaten a hundred, and twenty could be persuaded to join the cause.
This would quickly bolster the organization's strength.
Everyone stared at Kenzo, stunned and silent, never expecting such a bold and ruthless move from him.
###Chapter 1139
Ruthless, cunning, and striking right at the heart of those families.
The room fell into a heavy silence, the only sound being Irene's slow clap, followed by a kiss on Kenzo's lips.
"Darling, I knew it. Making you the leader was the best decision."
Kenzo chuckled, cupping her chin gently as he returned the kiss. Everyone in the room was a bit mad, but Kenzo was clearly the maddest of them all.
Irene scanned the crowd, raising an eyebrow. "The boss has spoken. What are you waiting for? Or are you planning a mutiny?"
Her words carried weight, and the crowd quickly snapped to action, scrambling to follow orders.
But Kenzo stopped them with a soft tone. "Remember, during the fight, let those threatened families take the front line. Once they're down, our guys can move in. By the end of this round, the Lynch family and their Saudi allies will be weakened. Even they can't fend off attacks from all sides."
Pure venom. Diabolically clever.
Not only threatening these families but making them the first to fall. Kenzo gently lifted Irene's hand and kissed it softly.
"In the end, we'll be the ones laughing."
His words were light and soft, but to those unsuspecting families soon to be threatened, they were like whispers from the grim reaper.
Kenzo was about to stir up all of North America. And not just that. The people brought here weren't just from North American families. It involved thousands of families!
Out of those, at least a hundred would be willing to help the organization. The organization's power was terrifying, all thanks to Kenzo's plan.
It was only at this moment that everyone realized how deep and
ruthless his thoughts were. With his own power, he was stirring up half the world. And that was the ultimate goal of the organization. They stayed here for this purpose. 
Hiding for decades, only for a new leader to use the most brute and effective method. Kenzo always knew how to control this crowd of madmen, so after lowering Irene's hand, he looked at his core people. "After this battle, the world will remember us, for better or worse. Every one of you will make international news. Isn't that what you've always wanted? To leave your mark on this despicable, hypocritical society." His speech ignited a fire in everyone present. They looked at Kenzo with almost worshipful eyes. Those who were dissatisfied with him before now saw him as a leader worth following.
No wonder Irene had her eyes on him from the start. The lady had an eye for talent.
"Mr. Kenzo, we're on it. We'll make the arrangements right away."
Kenzo smiled, "Remember to keep Orla and Sarah. They'll be useful."
After everyone had left, only Kenzo and Irene remained. Irene quietly slipped her switchblade back into its sheath. It was her tool for killing, and there was a moment just then when she thought about using it on Kenzo. 
The organization had never faced such a large-scale loss before, and she saw nor reason to let Kenzo live
live Although he was an excellent lover,
satisfying each other in bed, and
certainly handsome, the
organization was always her priority.
But the plan Kenzo came up with was impressively brilliant, irresistibly commendable. His depth of thought was unmatched by many in this world. Such a man, who had previously been willing to be just a tool. Irene chuckled, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Darling, I suddenly realize, maybe I'm falling for you."
Love? Irene never used that word. She always talked about liking, being fond of, being comfortable. This was the first time she ever said that word.
But Kenzo simply scooped her up, whispering into her ear, "To your bed?"
###Chapter 1140
Irene wasn't about to turn him down.
Kenzo scooped her up and carried her to the top floor, their lips locked in a heated kiss all the way up. When they finally reached the room, Colton was laid out on the bed in the center, completely drained of strength, eyes wide open, helplessly watching them.
They moved to the window, still wrapped up in each other. Irene perched herself on the sill and casually slid off the throwing knife she always wore around her wrist, letting it fall to the floor with a sharp, clear clink. She didn't bother hiding this from Kenzo-it was like she was openly admitting that, for a moment back there, she'd considered killing him.
That knife was Irene's pride and joy, a weapon she never left behind. She'd had it custom-made by a top-notch blacksmith in Australia. It was so thin it could wrap around her wrist like a silver bracelet. She always wore a leather bracelet, but hidden inside was the deadly blade. She liked guns well enough, but this knife? This was her favorite.
Sitting by the window, her arms draped around Kenzo's neck, she looked at him with a tone of admiration. "Kenzo, you're the craziest man I've ever met."
Kenzo's gaze was cool and collected, unflustered even in the heat of the moment. "Is that so? You're the craziest woman I've ever encountered."
Colton lay on the bed, staring at them, his chest heaving, eyes nearly bursting with rage and helplessness. He saw Irene's knife hit the floor and knew exactly what it meant. Only he and Irene understood the significance of that ever-present blade. She'd never let it leave her wrist in the company of another man before.
Struggling with all his might but weakened by drugs, Colton could only watch as they indulged in their desires right in front of him, grinding his teeth in silent fury.
Irene seemed to remember Colton's presence suddenly but didn't stop. She cast a seductive glance at Kenzo. "Two crazies belong together, don't we, Kenzo?" Kenzo didn't respond, just intensified his embrace.
This time was more fervent than ever, leaving even Irene breathless.
Afterward, Kenzo gently laid her on a nearby couch. "Get dressed. I need to check on the others."
Irene laughed lightly, pulling him back, her hands cradling his face. "Your mix of aloofness and tenderness makes you seem so deeply affectionate. Yet, you're the most heartless one, not even helping me dress afterward?"
Kenzo kissed her gently on the lips. "Dress yourself."
It was clear there would be no further discussion.
Irene sighed. "Yet, I can't help but love this about you."
She let go of Kenzo's face, picked up her clothes from the floor, and dressed herself.
As Kenzo reached the door, he asked indifferently, "Aren't you afraid your lover on the bed will get jealous?"
Irene stiffened momentarily before laughing lightly. "Kenzo, you really are something."
With the door closing behind him, the room fell into silence.
Irene dressed, picked up a cigarette from the table, and took a few drags, eyes narrowing as she pondered when she'd slipped up. Her relationship with Colton had been a
secret for years, unknow to
the core members of their
organization. How could Kenzo, who had only been around for a few days, have figured it out so quickly? 
Exhaling a stream of smoke, her gaze turned seductive as she looked at Colton still struggling on the bed.
Indeed, the true leader of their organization was not Colton but Irene.
по
Irene and Colton were not related by blood. Given her age, she could, at a stretch, be considered old enough to be Colton's daughter. She had been raised within the organization, groomed from a young age to be the successor. The previous leader, her biological father, had placed Colton as a figurehead to protect her. If anyone attempted an assassination, they would target him instead. 
Initially, Colton was unwilling, unable to accept that such a vast empire could fall into a woman's hands. But Irene's beauty quickly subdued him. He was captivated by her allure, and she needed only his loyalty. 
It was an adult's dark game, a mutual exploitation of needs.
Irene, unapologetically indulgent in her desires, completely won over Colton, who willingly played along with her charade. Their act was convincing, deceiving everyone. But now, Kenzo had uncovered their secret, without any warning.
###Chapter 1141
Irene flicked her lighter and lit another cigarette. This drama was finally reaching its curtain call. She owed Colton for his years of dedication to the organization, so she decided to see him off personally, now that his usefulness had run its course.
She slipped Colton a pill, temporarily giving him a jolt of energy.
"You never had a heart, kid. Your father handed you over to me, and I never thought we'd end up here, Irene. Are you sure about this?"
Colton genuinely loved her but knew she was as heartless as Kenzo.
Irene exhaled a stream of smoke. "Uncle Si, this is the end of our play. Tonight, you'll hand everything over to Kenzo. After that, you can retire in peace. Either I see you off, or you handle it yourself. I'm offering you this dignity because of all the years you've stood by me." Within the organization, everyone had a shared resolve, unafraid of death. Knowing Irene's decision, Colton had no ions left.
When he realized he truly loved Irene, he also knew he was destined to be discarded eventually. Men came and went in Irene's life, but he had always been the constant, the one her father had chosen, foolishly believing he'd be the last.
But Kenzo took that place.
He had warned Irene not to get carried away.
Now, he saw how much Kenzo and Irene were alike: two heartless madmen.
So be it.
"Alright, I'll grant you this."
Colton didn't wait for evening. He called the core members together immediately and, in their presence, announced his departure and the complete handover of power to Kenzo.
The members exchanged surprised glances. Though they had accepted Kenzo, Colton's departure was hard to swallow.
They didn't know that Irene was the true mastermind, with almost every move Kenzo made orchestrated by her.
Colton had never resisted any of Irene's demands.
Seeing their troubled faces, Irene just smiled.
"Dad, why don't you stay here? Just move to the villa in the annex to rest. That way, everyone can still visit you."
The significance of Irene's words was lost on them; she was sparing Colton's life, not demanding his death.
Colton didn't . He was curious to see how far these two would go.
As Irene watched Colton leave, she lit another cigarette, taking a moment to herself before heading to Kenzo's room, settling into his embrace.
"Now you're officially in charge. Congrats, Kenzo."
Kenzo didn't look at her, his focus on the computer screen, eager to reunite with Brielle and their child, willing to pay any price for it.
After all the planning, he was ready for damnation.
Brielle and Isaac had found refuge in Noir's hunting grounds, where the animal reigned supreme with unmatched speed.
During a rest, Brielle almost got sick but held back, clutching Isaac tightly as she scanned their surroundings for any sign of pursuers. Her life was expendable, but Isaac's safety was paramount. en FindNovel
"Noir, mighty, here, friend," Isaac's words puzzled Brielle, but the formidable Noir stood by, its ears twitching, ready to lead them fo safety in their concealed hideout. 
Using his locator, Isaac reached out to King, who was caught in a fierce battle. Initially dominating, their
situation worsened as the Lynch et
family deployed an overwhelming force, and unexpected alliances against them formed, complicating their stand. 
With grim expressions, King and Dustin faced the escalating conflict, their smiles fading in the face of this unprecedented challenge.
###Chapter 1142
extent of Max's hidden network; he only knew Max had people in the shadows.
King let out a derisive snort as he dialed a number on his phone. This wasn't a contact he had established; it was Max's doing. Back when Max was in trouble, Patrick had given Brielle a number, telling her to call it for help if needed. Even Patrick didn't fully grasp the Now, with fragments of Max's memories surfacing in his mind, King recalled those connections. This call was to reach out to them.
"Save Brielle. I've sent you the coordinates."
The response was immediate. After hanging up, Max's voice echoed in King's mind. "You're useless."
King's face flushed with anger. His main strength was in Saudi Arabia, which meant his forces there would take time to mobilize. The current families joining him were North American, and he hadn't expected to rely on them so heavily. Even the Lynch family, North America's reigning power, was struggling. It seemed unfair for Max to single him out instead of Dustin.
King glanced at Dustin, who seemed to recognize the families that had joined them, his expression darkening. But Dustin had his own concerns.
What could have driven the person behind the scenes to go berserk all of a sudden? Dustin had already called his father, Raymond, instructing him to keep Seamus in check. Seamus, that old fox, hadn't expected the organization to launch a large-scale attack out of nowhere, and nothing useful could be gleaned from him.
Above all, Dustin was worried about Sarah, who was still with the organization. No one knew her status, and if they used her as leverage, the Lynch family would be at a significant disadvantage. Now, facing a massive organization plus a dozen families, they were barely holding their ground. But if Sarah was brought into play, what then?
The situation had grown complicated. They couldn't head to Brielle's location immediately.
Just then, Max's voice resurfaced in King's mind.
"Let my people save the mother-in-law first."
King exploded internally. Whose mother-in-law?! Certainly not Max's! If anyone's, she was his! But at this critical moment, he suppressed the urge to lash out.
"Max, do you know where the core of the organization is?"
"I don't, but Jaired does."
Jaired? Wasn't he from the Beaconsfield Riddle family? King didn't doubt Max. After years of standing by each other, he knew Max wasn't one to joke at such a time. So, he called back, instructing them to rescue Sarah.
Max spoke again. "It'll take a day and a half for reinforcements from Saudi Arabia. By then, the mother-in-law will have been rescued. Let my guys go support Brielle first. You'll need to stay put. Otherwise, their firepower will follow you to Brielle's location." 
Max's voice was calm, methodically analyzing the situation. King realized Max was right, With so many influential North American families involved none of which were easy to deal with-and the twisted,
eli
ent mind coercing these
families into battle, a direct
confrontation without waiting for his primary forces from Saudi Arabia could lead to mutual destruction, possibly costing both him and
Dustin their lives. 
"I understand." He turned to Dustin, "Bro, I mean, Dustin, I've sent people to back up Brielle. We're being watched and can't leave just yet. we do, Brielle will face even heavier fire. We need to keep these guys busy. My mom's got people on it too. No heroics-let them chase us, and we'll get out of here."
Dustin wouldn't question this plan. Known as a demigod in their circles, and considering King's strongest forces were indeed in Saudi Arabia, it made sense not to engage in a futile battle without backup. The remaining helicopters swiftly changed course, heading in a new direction. The pursuing helicopters, more numerous, seemed determined to ensure their downfall right then and there.
###Chapter 1143
Brielle was on edge, knowing that if Isaac's phone was going unanswered, then King must've been caught up in some trouble too. She could sense Isaac's anxiety, so she instinctively took his hand, trying to offer some comfort.
"Hey, Cricket, don't worry, okay? Someone's bound to come rescue us soon. Let's put some distance between us and them for now. With Noir here, those goons won't stand a chance at catching up. Plus, your tracker will keep King updated on our situation. Once he wraps
up his end, he'll come find us. After all, we're his world, aren't we?"
Brielle pulled Isaac close, draping an arm around Noir's neck. Noir's ears twitched, his eyes scanning the horizon vigilantly. At the slightest sound, he was ready to bolt, taking his charges to safety. Mounting Noir once more, Brielle took the lead, guiding them deeper into the wilderness.
Isaac, nestled in Brielle's embrace, could hear the steady beat of her heart. It was comforting, reminiscent of waking up from a feverish dream to find his dad sitting by the bedside. Yet, why did it have to be her?
The same woman who had once abandoned him, thrown him away without a second thought, was now showing him kindness. It didn't add up. Isaac's lashes cast long shadows over his cheeks as he mulled over her intentions. Maybe it was all an act, a ploy to win his trust before going after his dad. After all, she had openly wished for his dad's disappearance. His heart, briefly softened, hardened once more.
He couldn't afford to grow fond of this woman. He needed an opportunity to ditch her, perhaps leave her stranded deep in the mountains, where the wildlife was unforgiving. She'd be easy prey, and if his dad ever inquired, a simple "we got separated" would suffice. Isaac remained silent, his face taut with resolve. He believed this was for the best, for his dad's sake.
Meanwhile, Brielle, oblivious to his turmoil, focused solely on their escape. They couldn't afford to be caught. After a long trek, dusk began to settle. Brielle, legs trembling, helped Isaac down from Noir's back near a small stream trickling from the mountainside.
She gathered some leaves, scooping
up water for Isaac. "Here, have some water. We've been running so long, my mouth's as dry as a bone." Isaac, glimpsing up at her, leaned in to drink eagerly. Brielle watched him, her heart softening at the sight. "Hungry, Cricket? Those goons have no clue where we are. We should be safe for a bit. I'll grab us some fruit. We can't risk cooking meat; the smoke would give us away in a heartbeat." 
.n
At the mention of fruit, Isaac pointed in a direction, Fruit." They knew the area well, having played here as kids. Sure enough, they found a tree laden with ripe, non-toxic fruits. After. feasting on their find, they rested briefly before venturing deeper into the untamed wilderness, where the terrain grew perilous, and the cries of wild animals echoed through the air. 
Concern grew within Brielle. The North American wilderness was unforgiving. An encounter with a bear could spell disaster. She glanced at Noir, wondering if he could take on a bear. Noir, a
majestic panther, had always.el
impressed Brielle. But even his
strength had limits, and a bear could be a formidable opponent. Losing Noir would devastate Isaac; the panther was more than a pet, he was family. 
Pushing through a thicket, Brielle froze. Her blood raced to her head in panic. She had feared stumbling upon a bear, but instead, they faced a band of panthers, similar to Noir but wild. A pack of ten encircled two massive boars, their feast interrupted by the newcomers'
arrival.
###Chapter 1144
Brielle felt a shiver run down her spine, her face turning ghostly pale. Almost on autopilot, she scooped up Isaac and placed him on Noir's back, giving the horse a firm slap on the rear. "Take him and go!" she urged.
Noir, smart as a whip, seemed to understand exactly what Brielle wanted. The horse turned to look back at her, feeling the pat on its neck-Isaac's little hand urging it to run.
Without missing a beat, Noir took off, quickly disappearing into the trees.
Brielle's plan was simple. Noir was a brave horse, but against a pack of panthers, it wouldn't stand a chance. The panthers were in the middle of their meal, and any intruder would be seen as a threat. If she and Isaac tried to escape together on Noir, they'd never outrun the pack. So, she stayed behind to draw their attention, giving Isaac a shot at safety.
With Noir, Isaac would be okay.
Seeing Noir and Isaac vanish into the distance, Brielle finally allowed herself to breathe. She had been holding it together through sheer willpower; the sight of the bloodied hunt would make even the toughest adult shudder.
Making such a clear-headed decision in that moment was nothing short of a miracle.
Now, knowing they were out of harm's way, her legs buckled, and she sank to the ground.
Run? Not a chance. She knew she couldn't outrun these panthers, the kings of the jungle. She'd be lucky to make it a few steps before they dragged her back by the neck. The best move now was to stay still, not provoke them.
All ten panthers locked their golden eyes on Brielle, their muzzles still stained with fresh blood. A whirlwind of thoughts stormed through her mind, the sharpest being that she might never see Max again.
She'd always believed that staying
close to King would mean seeing Max. She hadn't even had the chance to respond to his words from the night of the fire. 
How could life ever be smooth without him?
But now, she hoped King would always stay King, never becoming Max again. If Max knew she was gone, it would break his heart.
King's concern for her was just a shadow of Max's feelings, and now he had the chance to find Isaac's
birth mother. Brielle figured she'd et
soon be a distant memory. King with his childlike nature, might already be bored of her. Kids get tired of toys, always wanting something new. 
Even if Max were to mourn, it wouldn't last long.
Brielle closed her eyes and sighed, a dull ache settling in her chest. Facing death, she realized just how many things she wasn't ready to let go of. In Beaconsfield, she couldn't bear to leave Aubree, Stellar Stage Entertainment, Ricardo, Keiran. In North America, she hadn't even met her mother yet or reconnected with her father. 
In the face of death, life's moments really did flash before her eyes.
Her heart ached, but her eyes remained fixed on the panthers closing in. To them, she was just another trespasser.
Seeing them approach her instead of chasing Isaac brought her a strange sense of relief. Her sacrifice wasn't in vain.
Her only hope now was that the panthers would leave no trace of her behind-not even bones or clothes. The thought of Max finding her remains was unbearable. With a faint smile, she saw the panthers now right in front of her, their golden eyes both regal and deadly.
She closed her eyes.
###Chapter 1145
On the other side of the forest, Isaac was perched comfortably on Noir, the sleek black leopard, ambling through the underbrush. Noir, ever curious, took his time sniffing at the fallen berries along their path.
Isaac sat quietly, his mind racing with thoughts of Brielle's recent actions. She had sensed danger and immediately placed him on Noir's back, choosing to stay behind herself. A pack of ten hungry leopards was no joke their destructive power was terrifying. Why would she let him go first?
Dad always said people were inherently selfish, and women were the best deceivers. If Brielle were truly malevolent, she would have abandoned him in an instant, escaping on Noir herself. For the first time, Isaac felt his young mind struggling to grasp the situation. Initially, he thought to leave Brielle to the mercy of the leopards, a fitting end with no trace left behind. He could then find a better woman for his dad, helping him move past this sorrow. There was no need to fret over Brielle; she was just a bad woman trying to take his dad away. He wouldn't accept her as his mom.
As Isaac clung to Noir's neck, his eyes began to well up with tears. If she had to be cruel, why not go all the way? It would make it easier to hate her, wouldn't it?
Hate? When he realized the emotion brewing inside him, his eyes widened. He had deliberately patted Noir's neck earlier, signaling the leopard to leave the area. Now, they were some distance away from Brielle, and returning would take about ten minutes. He sighed, eventually tugging at Noir's ear.
"Let's go back."
Noir's ear twitched, and with a flick of his tail, he turned around.
"Noir, buddy, no eating."
Isaac had mentioned the word
"friend" to Brielle earlier. Those ten leopards were Noir's friends from the mountain. So, even if they stayed, there wouldn't be any danger Brielle, left behind, would also be safe. Her scent, mingled with Noir's, would protect her until it faded. After all, Noir had been brought home from the mountains, those ten leopards being his pals from the wild. 
If Isaac truly abandoned Brielle, leaving her to fate, she would become nothing more than a late-night snack for the leopards once Neir's scent wore off. Seated atop Noir, Isaac wondered if he'd
regret this decision. the
but
chance to rid himself of chose mercy instead. 
"Noir, back we go."
Noir, sensing his master's resolve, dashed back toward where they had come from.
Meanwhile, Brielle, surrounded by the leopards, dared not move. Every slight twitch of her leg would earn her a lazy glance from one of the creatures, as if she were disturbing their rest. So, she sat still, perhaps saved for a later meal.
When she heard noises not far off, she turned, only to see several leopards stand up, tails swaying. Then, Isaac's voice called out.
"Brielle, come here."
Brielle froze, a wave of nostalgia washing over her. It reminded her of Max, whose mature, reassuring voice was a stark contrast to Isaac's youthful tone. Indeed, the child bore Max's genes. But now wasn't the time for reminiscence. With a whisper of urgency, she exclaimed, "Why did you come back?!"
The surrounding leopards all rose, a sign of impending doom. Brielle's heart sank. This was it; they were all going to meet their end here, including Noir, likely to be attacked by his own kind.
###Chapter 1146
But then, Brielle felt like her eyes were playing tricks on her.
Noir, looking majestic and proud, stood tall with his neck arched, letting out a roar at the other ten panthers. It wasn't a loud roar, probably because he knew they were still in danger. But immediately, the ten panthers got excited, pouncing on him. Soon, all eleven of them were frolicking together, playfully jostling, pinning each other down, and eventually licking each other's fur. Brielle was stunned. Was this an illusion? She quickly recalled what Isaac had mentioned earlier, "Noir, friend." So, these ten panthers were all Noir's buddies?
She glanced at Isaac for confirmation. He nodded, "Noir, friends, these."
Relieved, Brielle felt her entire body relax. She could barely stand now, thinking they had been done for.
Isaac approached her, offering a hand, but Brielle pulled him into a tight hug instead. "I was scared to death. Thought we were goners today. Next time something like this happens, you and Noir better run and don't look back."
Isaac stiffened for a moment, his heart warming at her words. "No, won't leave Brielle."
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes. In moments of life and death, true feelings show. She hadn't expected Isaac, so young, to be so composed. He reminded her of Max, and of King. For a moment, she envied the woman who had Isaac. To have such an exceptional and beautiful child, that woman must have done something right in her past life.
Held in her arms, Isaac's cheeks flushed red. He tried to wriggle free, but Brielle lifted him up instead. "My little hero, you're amazing. And Noir, too."
Isaac kicked in the air a couple of times before realizing it was futile and stopped. Looking down, he saw Brielle's eyes filled with admiration, almost overflowing with affection. His cheeks turned an even deeper shade of red.
Brielle put him down and planted two big kisses on his cheeks, making a loud smacking sound. Isaac, feeling a bit uncomfortable, wiped off the saliva from his cheek.
Having narrowly escaped death,
Brielle calmed down. They both sat down, legs crossed, watching Noir and the other panthers play. They were in a safe spot, and besides, the mountain was vast, stretching for miles around. It would be nearly impossible for those men to find
them. They just had to wait for King
to arrive. 
As night fell, Brielle and Isaac leaned on each other and fell asleep. Isaac felt cold, as the mountain air was misty. Brielle, half-asleep, pulled him closer into her embrace and moved nearer to Noir. With the ten panthers nearby, they both felt warm.
Back at the organization's base,
Sarah was left with only a small
window to observe the outside world
after being isolated. The foot traffic had increased recently, indicating something was brewing within the organization. And that young man who had threatened her with a gun had she seen him during her visits to Beaconsfield? Though her trips to Beaconsfield were solely to gather information about her daughter, she hadn't had time to make acquaintances. She could only guess that the man had probably spent time in Beaconsfield. 
Sarah grew anxious. If she remained imprisoned, she would inevitably be used to threaten the Lynch family. She would
never allow heat
be endangered because of her, Fierce determination crossed her eyes. If it came to that, she would rather be shattered than whole and tarnished! 
The night had fully set in, and as she strained to listen to the sounds from outside, she saw a key being thrown through the window bars, arcing through the air to land before her.
###Chapter 1147
Sarah blinked, thinking her eyes were playing tricks on her. After a minute, she confirmed it was indeed a key lying on the ground. She picked it up and glanced out the window. Outside, the usual hustle and bustle of the organization's members filled the scene. She squinted and made her way to her room's door. Heavy chains were wrapped around it several times. She found the keyhole, inserted the key, and felt the lock drop to the floor with a satisfying thud. She let out a sigh of relief and headed down the hallway. When she reached the last room, she saw Orla. Curled up in the corner, Orla still clutched that photograph.
"Orla," Sarah called softly.
Orla looked up, her eyes lighting up with a glimmer of hope. "Sarah."
Sarah glanced at the lock on Orla's door. She didn't have a key for this one and knew she couldn't break it open alone. She needed help. "Stay put, Orla. Someone's coming for us," she reassured her.
Orla nodded, and Sarah memorized her room's location before stepping outside. She was met by two men. Though dressed like the organization's members, Sarah instantly knew they were here to rescue her their eyes held no suspicion. "Ma'am, put these on," one of them said, handing her a set of clothes.
"Can we bring the woman in the room on the right, third door down?" Sarah asked, her voice tinged with urgency.
"Ma'am, we're here to get you out. The plan's set and we can't add anyone else," one of the men replied gently but firmly.
Sarah's heart clenched. Remembering her last moment with Simone, she rasped, "Take her with you. I'll manage somehow."
The men didn't argue. They broke the lock and freed Orla. Sarah watched as they handed Orla her disguise. The men moved with.
precision; it was clear they knew the
place well, ensuring Orla's safety. 
BUMS
Sarah got a dagger and a lighter from one of the men. If she couldn't escape, she wouldn't let herself become a threat to the Lynch family.
She lit the room's curtains on fire
with the lighter. On a side path, she knocked out a passing man and swapped clothes with him. As the building caught fire, the
organization's members rele
extinguish it, unaware they were missing two key captives, 
At Kenzo's residence, he scrutinized the surveillance screens, his gaze fixing on one. He called Irene in.
"Check the control room for these two screens," he ordered, suspicion clear in his voice.
Irene, trusting Kenzo's intuition, hurried to the control room. She found the staff unconscious, and the screens Kenzo had flagged were showing old footage from the building where Sarah was hetd.
QUMS
Returning to Kenzo, she reported her findings just as news of the fire came in. Kenzo, watching the screens, smirked coldly. "Lock everything down. No one leaves, no exceptions." The terrain was defensible but hard to breach.
"Light up the whole area. Deploy twenty helicopters for aerial patrol. Any unauthorized aircraft, shoot to kill."
If someone was rescuing Sarah, they'd either go by land, now heavily guarded, or by air, where helicopters waited to engage.
Kenzo was certain they wouldn't escape.
###Chapter 1148
Irene watched him handle the situation with cool composure, a slight smile playing at the corners of her mouth.
"Kenzo, relax a bit. Those dozen families are still after the Lynch family, and our forces have already pulled back. We've got the time and energy to focus elsewhere. This game is way more fun when you play it slow, don't you think?" She leaned against Kenzo's back, wrapping her arms around his neck. But Kenzo stayed locked onto the screen in front of him.
"Once King's reinforcements from Saudi arrive, those families will crumble. We can't just wait around. Unless, of course, you've got another ace up your sleeve, Irene."
Irene raised an eyebrow and tilted her head to plant a kiss on his cheek.
"Kenzo, sometimes I wonder if you've been undercover by my side this whole time. How else would you know everything?"
Kenzo's face softened, his gaze shifting from the screen to her.
"You've had Colton play the public leader for years. At first, he must've been pretty pissed because everyone who comes here is a bit unhinged. But your dad chose him, made him your right-hand man. You must have something on him, something that keeps him in check."
Irene's lips curved into a sly smile, her fingertips tracing circles on Kenzo's chest.
"And what makes you think I didn't just win him over in bed?"
"Got any aces, Irene?" he asked casually, his fingers lifting her chin. "What'll it take for you to show your hand?"
Irene laughed, her eyes twinkling mischievously, like a beautiful but deadly flower.
"Of course I do, but that ace is for my husband. Kenzo, are you ready to take on that role? We've come this far; I doubt you'd refuse, right?"
She was like a hunter, watching her prey walk into her trap. But between Irene and Kenzo, it was hard to tell who was the hunter and who was the prey.
Irene had told Colton before that she considered Kenzo her fiancé. But that wasn't anything special; she had said the same about every man she'd been with, yet they were all fleeting moments.
Colton saw something different in her feelings for Kenzo because when Kenzo joined, Irene personally went to pick him up-a treatment that set him apart from the get-go.
So Colton warned her not to get too involved, saying this man was heartless.
But Irene felt she was heartless too.
Two heartless people together, that's more interesting, isn't it?
"Become my husband, date me, and I'll lay all my cards on the table. How about that?" she whispered seductively, her lips brushing his ear.
Kenzo's eyes narrowed, and he pulled her closer by the waist.
"What's the procedure?"
Irene laughed against his shoulder.
"Of course, it's the wedding night. Let's have everyone together tonight, celebrate."
Kenzo picked her up in his arms and headed for the bed.
"As you wish."
"Kenzo, I really do like you."
The place quickly buzzed with excitement, not just because the organization had masterminded the attack by the dozen families on the Lynch family and King, but also because the new leader was getting married to Irene. 
This was unexpected for everyone.
Ms. Irene had been around for years, with a revolving door of men in her bed. Though she always talked about getting married, it was never serious. 
Several of her lovers even ended up dead by her hand.
She was like a toxic poppy, always drawing people in, but those who got close rarely had a happy ending.
Getting hooked on the poppy meant only one outcome: death.
Everyone thought Kenzo would end up the same. Initially, he didn't resist Ms. Irene's advances, and the two were inseparable, sharing intimate moments in every corner. Passersby would often hear them. 
###Chapter 1149
Everyone envied Kenzo, no doubt about it, because to everyone it was clear: Ms. Irene treated every man like a fleeting amusement.
She was like a siren walking among mortals, or rather, a sorceress straight out of a Gothic tale, weaving spells that ensnared the heart. To tame her, one had to be colder, heartless, and more ruthless than she ever was.
Everyone around here was off their rocker, but none as wildly as her, which is why they all fell in line when she gave the word. But now, she was actually going to marry Kenzo. What deal had they struck, or had this heartless creature actually fallen for him? Curiosity buzzed in the air, but since the boss was getting hitched, they had to show respect, no matter what.
Someone even went to the effort of dragging Colton from another mansion to officiate the wedding. Given the ongoing turf wars, the ceremony was kept low-key. Irene slipped into a simple red dress, while Kenzo suited up. Colton, pushing 46, looked at the couple with a complexity in his gaze.
She really wasn't heeding any advice, actually going through with marrying this man. Mixed emotions swirled within him, yet to an outsider, it might look like a father struggling to let go of his daughter. With a resigned sigh, Colton handed Irene's hand to Kenzo. Kenzo's face was unreadable, as if he were anywhere but his own wedding. Even Colton seemed more emotionally invested than him. Irene offered a demure smile, her head modestly covered with a red silk scarf. Kenzo gently lifted the scarf, planting a soft kiss on her lips. Laughter filled the air as everyone settled down to clink glasses and share drinks.
Colton, now the center of attention, was coaxed into the seat of honor. Many good-looking men present had shared Irene's bed. Irene had that effect on people, rendering the table unusually quiet, an air of discomfort lingering. But Irene, ever so gracefully, looped her arm through Kenzo's, toasting to each guest. No one could guess what was on her mind. Nor could they fathom Kenzo's thoughts.
When the toast came to Colton, he didn't even look up, merely muttered a "Congratulations" before sitting back down, stiff as ever. The younger men, those smitten with Irene, could only drown their bitterness in drink. After several rounds, Irene led Kenzo to the rooftop. "Kenzo, aren't you mad I've slept with so many? Some of them are even here tonight," she teased. Kenzo responded only with a kiss, saying nothing. A flicker of hidden sadness passed through Irene's eyes, but she quickly smiled, wrapping her arms around his neck. "After tonight, I'll show you my true hand, hubby." Her tone was tender when she called him that name.
Meanwhile, the young men mourning their loss with Irene, huddled together, lamenting. "Darn it! What's going on, Ms. Irene actually fell for that pretty boy?"
"That pretty boy hasn't been here long, just has a... well, a handsome face."
"Hey, don't sell Mr. Kenzo short. It's not just his looks; his schemes run deeper and darker than Ms. Irene's."
"Just thinking I won't get to be close with Ms. Irene anymore makes me upset. You don't know how she is when she's" He was abruptly silenced by a pork knuckle stuffed in his mouth.
"Ms. Irene's married now, shut it. And don't you dare talk like that again unless you're asking for trouble."
The mood tensed for a moment
before everyone resumed their feasting and drinking. As Sarah
made her way through the crowd et
head down, she could feel an unsettling energy. It seemed everyone else was in good spirits, but she couldn't go any further. 
To avoid detection, faces were not to be covered here; under the cover of night, she could blend in, but a face-to-face encounter would surely get her caught. She hid behind a large tree, wondering how she might escape, when suddenly a voice called out from behind. 
""Ms. Sarah."
Frozen, Sarah Looked up to see man lounging in the tree, one leg casually dangling. He seemed like he had been napping, a presence
of
righteousness mixed with othe
harder to place qualities. Jaired toyed with a gun, not looking at her but offering a half-smile. 
"Ms. Sarah, it's dangerous to wander off like this."
Sarah stood still, recognizing the man. After all, her family had ties to the Beaconsfield scene. This was Jaired from the Riddle family, but what was he doing here? Friend or foe?
###Chapter 1150
Jaired yawned, propping his head with one hand while pointing towards a distant mound with his finger.
"Over there, there's an old hideout I dug up ages ago. It leads down to a cellar with enough supplies for a week. Whether you make it, Ms. Sarah, well, that's up to luck now." Jaired chuckled softly, tossing the gun he held towards her.
"You can't escape. The rescue team had everything planned out, but you, my dear, threw a wrench in their plans."
Sarah was supposed to be saved. She felt a pang of regret but couldn't just stand by and watch Orla die. If Simone's child was still out there, Orla might be his only family left.
She had pitied Simone's fate and feared the wrath of the Saudi royals, so she had to cut ties with Simone. Now, given the chance to save Simone's sister, Sarah would do so, even if it meant risking her own life. To be Simone's guardian angel, she was prepared to commit for life.
Little did Sarah know that one day, Simone's child would become her son-in-law. Such is the cycle of karma. Everything seemed destined.
Sarah caught the gun Jaired threw at her. So far, her journey had gone unnoticed, purely out of luck. Staying exposed would inevitably lead to her capture. If Jaired's warnings of traps ahead were true, it might cost her her life. She had no choice but to proceed; it was better than being captured alive and used to blackmail the Lynch family.
Jaired watched her figure disappear into the distance, a slight chuckle escaping him. His gaze then shifted towards the festively lit area far away, his eyebrows raising slightly. Kenzo, he truly hadn't anticipated this turn of events. But indeed, it was fascinating. The unfolding drama was finally adding some excitement to this dreary world, he thought.
King and Dustin were still dragging their feet, but the standoff had been ongoing, and King was evidently getting restless. The power from Saudi wouldn't arrive until noon tomorrow, and with night just falling, he was genuinely worried about Brielle. He even felt an urge to abandon everything and rush to her side. His mind was in turmoil.
Max, sensing his emotional turmoil, communicated telepathically, "Brielle is not as fragile as you think."
In King's world, Brielle indeed
seemed fragile, a delicate little being who would cry when hugged too tightly. Bullied by him, she would only threaten him with teary eyes and her occasional retaliatory scratches felt more like tickles. Such a beautiful creature, he thought, should be kept in a splendid cage. Or nourished with power and wealth, for she seemed too delicate to withstand any hardship. 
Unlike Max, King wished to control everything about Brielle, including her emotions and every thought. He almost wished he could know everything about her. Max's understanding of love, however, was to let go. Just like back in Beaconsfield, he knew that place couldn't hold her, so he never stopped her, no matter what she did. Even when he knew she would face threats, he was confident in her wisdom to turn the tides in her favor. He was built on rationality, always able to make the best judgment at the most appropriate times. Lacking the passion and impulsiveness of King. But he knew, that was something he had willingly forsaken. 
"King, you need to learn to trust her." Trust her to understand her true feelings. Without trust, he would
never see what Brielle was willing to offer. Max was giving him this time, allowing Brielle to heal his
suspicions and also giving Brielle the chance to soothe Isaac's
insecurities. Unless he relinquished control over his body to King, their emotional barriers would remain unbroken. Only through interaction and understanding could their barriers gradually dissolve. This wasn't something Max could simply fix with a few words. Besides, Brielle was already slowly lowering her defenses around this capricious man. Both were yet to realize this, though. 
###Chapter 1151
King stayed quiet, just staring ahead while helicopters buzzed above, showcasing the heavy support from the other side. The North American families, relics of a wartime era, had a deep-rooted legacy. If it weren't for the Lynch family's strength, they might have already For the first time, King realized there were battles he couldn't win. If this was happening in Saudi Arabia, he wouldn't be worried about Brielle's safety. He'd unleash the full power of the nation against these ungrateful foes. Should he trust Brielle like Max suggested? The
perished in this conflict.
thought of her getting hurt filled him with unbearable guilt and pain.
King glanced at Dustin, who seemed more relaxed while talking to Raymond on the phone about the involvement of several families in the fray. "So, they're using loved ones as leverage?" Dustin asked, piecing it together.
Raymond sat among a group of middle-aged men, the heads of families yet to join the chaotic fight. They'd received threats too, their deceased prodigies used as leverage against them. But they'd chosen to forsake these bonds, valuing interests above all else. To those driven by greed, only the promise of gain could sway them.
After Dustin's call, Raymond quickly gathered these individuals. "Dad, propose a plan. If they join us, the Lynch family will offer twenty percent of our diamond resources," he suggested.
Such a proposition was enough to make waves globally, tempting even the most hesitant. The uncertainty of facing an organization that had the Lynch family and Saudi Arabia at their limits was daunting. The fear of losing everything with no one left to inherit their wealth made them pause.
But then, another offer broke the silence from a phone on the table. "Those willing to join the fight will get a three-year oil agreement from Saudi Arabia."
The combination of twenty percent in diamond resources and a lucrative oil deal was too irresistible. Those on the fence quickly made up their minds. "I'm in!"
"Count me in too!"
"Such an organization shouldn't exist!"
"My family's been bugged by their spies for too long. It's time they were dealt with!"
Raymond knew their motivations weren't rooted in hatred for the organization. After all, those willing to abandon their own kin had the hardest resolve. They sought resources, pure and simple. As the saying goes: 
With a ten percent gain, they become interested.
At fifty percent, they take risks.
At a hundred percent, they're willing to trample all laws.
And at three hundred percent, they'd risk the gallows.
To sway these material-driven families, the division of resources was undeniably the most effective strategy. With fifty-three families now ready to stand against the opposing factions, Raymond sighed in relief, sharing the news with Dustin. 
elne
Dustin, looking out into the night, felt uneasy. He had a hunch the battle wouldn't be that straightforward. Whoever was orchestrating this had to have anticipated their move to rally more support. As dawn approached, with Saudi Arabia's substantial reinforcements on their way, the combined forces would swiftly overwhelm the organization's stronghold, aiming to eradicate this malevolent entity once and for all. 
What ace could the enemy still have up their sleeve? Could it be their mother? But if she truly had been taken hostage, negotiations with the Lynch family would have started by now.
###Chapter 1152
In their secret hideout, Irene soaked in the tub, her skin marked by their recent passionate encounter. Outside, the sound of people clinking glasses and playing drinking games filled the air-everyone was celebrating.
Her time with Kenzo had been brief, no more than two hours, as both of them were lost in their own thoughts. She knew Kenzo was waiting for her to reveal her trump card. Drying her fingers on the tub's edge, Irene grabbed a cigarette, lit it, and exhaled a perfect smoke ring into the damp air. The humidity quickly made the cigarette soggy, and the smoke mingled with the steam, giving the bathroom an ethereal feel.
Kenzo, dressed in pajamas, opened the door and saw her smoking. He walked over and took the cigarette from her fingers. "Smoking in the bath?"
Irene raised an eyebrow and smiled playfully. "Just got promoted, huh? So, feeling a bit more in charge now, darling?" she teased.
Kenzo cut straight to the point. "Is your ace that assassin?"
She sighed and stood up from the tub, wrapping herself in a towel as she moved closer to Kenzo. "Darling, can't we talk about this after our wedding night?" she pleaded, gently placing her palm on his cheek. Kenzo frowned. Her bare toes peeked out from under the towel, a soft pink against the white fabric. Bending down, Kenzo picked up a pair of slippers and held her ankle. "Put these on."
Irene laughed lightly. "Oh, darling, you're so good to me."
Kenzo stiffened slightly but carried her to the bed once she had slipped on the slippers. Irene had indulged in a few too many glasses of champagne, and the room seemed to sway before her eyes. Kenzo brought her a glass of ginger ale, a popular remedy for sobering up. "Drink this."
After a few sips, the room steadied, and Irene's lips curled into a smile at the ongoing celebration outside. "I can't believe I'm actually married," she said, her voice light and airy. She wrapped her arms around Kenzo's waist and looked up at him. Her beauty was undeniable, and there was an enticing satisfaction in her gaze. Kenzo stroked her cheek gently, causing Irene to purr contentedly.
"Darling, the North American royalty won't just stand by and watch us. Over the years, our organization has provided them with pharmaceuticals that could influence healthcare across the entire country. Without us, they'll have quite the headache, especially considering our control over certain drugs that helped the royal family eliminate political rivals." Irene's smile was brazen, almost reckless. "If the Lynch family has reinforcements, then our backup is the North American royal family. After all, my mother is a princess of the royal household."
In that moment, Kenzo felt a chill. It was like glimpsing the dirty secrets of royalty. To think they'd engage in such a marriage alliance with an organization, leveraging its power to eliminate rivals while bypassing international scrutiny. It was no wonder the organization had lasted this long; this was Irene's ace.
If the Lynch family was merely cannon fodder in this elaborate game, then the royal family stood to gain control over the diamond resources should they fall. Such an intricate web of strategy. It made sense now why Seamus had been sent to the Lynch family, serving as the royal family's inside man."
Kenzo managed a smile, though his eyes remained calm and undisturbed. "So, the royal family is the ultimate beneficiary."
As the saying goes, when the snipe
and the clam grapple, it's the
fisherman who reaps the rewards. Irene snuggled closer, her demeanor affectionate. "Indeed, the royal family has long coveted the diamond resources controlled by the Lynch family. In a nation ruled by wealth, those with riches dictate the terms. If the diamonds fall into royal hands, they'll no longer fear any other clan. From the moment you agreed to disrupt the status quo, the royal family has been watching from the sidelines, even pulling strings with Saudi interests. Their ambition is vast. Saudi might be powerful, but this is North America; once they cross that line, the royal family will deal with them, seizing the opportunity to strike at Saudi and claim its oil resources. This chess game we've orchestrated, darling, was all your doing." 
Kenzo gently caressed her head, his touch tender. This world was never peace. Some people didn't live in peaceful times; they merely lived in peaceful countries. Many smaller nations were engulfed in turmoil. If Saudi gets involved, North America would indeed have a pretext to strike. Oil resources are coveted by all. Poor Max, facing a nation, an individual's power is minuscule. This organization always had surprises up its sleeve. 
###Chapter 1153
"Hey babe, did my ace in the hole impress you or what?" Irene's eyes sparkled with amusement as she rested her chin in her hand, looking up at him. Kenzo's hand lingered in her hair, "Yeah." Feeling a bit tipsy, Irene slowly lay back, sprawling across the bed. "As long as you're happy. I knew you'd be thrilled about this." Kenzo didn't respond; he just walked over to the window and stared out at the sky. After snoozing for about fifteen minutes, Irene woke up and saw him still standing by the window. She asked in a hoarse voice, "Aren't you coming to bed?" "That Jaired you mentioned last time, who is he?" Given that Colton wasn't the boss around here, but Irene was, she clearly knew who this guy was. She got up, her feet touching the floor, bare but for the carpet beneath them. She wrapped her arms around Kenzo from behind. "Want to meet him?"
"He's not another lover of yours, is he?" Irene chuckled, her shoulders shaking, "Not this time." As her laughter faded, a glimmer of tears flashed in her eyes. "He'll definitely show up tonight, given the mess we're in. My Jaired, he's something else. And yes, he's only mine." Before Irene could finish, a man's voice came from outside. "Mr. Kenzo, the man you had me press for information is ready to spill. Do you still want to hear it?" It was surprising that Myles had lasted this long under such harsh interrogation. At the time, Kenzo needed him to reveal the intricate details between Brielle and King, but now, with the war underway, that was no longer necessary. All he needed was to catch Brielle and get to that kid. But he needed Myles's hypnosis skills, so the guy had to stay alive. "Keep him alive. Don't kill him." As his words faded, there was a brief silence outside, followed by a few knocks on the door. Hearing this secret knock, Irene's eyes lit up, "Honey, my Jaired is here." She let go of Kenzo's waist, sat on a nearby chair, and called out to the visitor, "Come in." The door swung open, and as Kenzo stood by the window, the sight of the man who entered turned his world upside down. He had anticipated everything except for the identity of Jaired. Jaired, seeing the man by the window, greeted him with a smile, "Congratulations, Mr. Kenzo. A match made in heaven, you've got yourself a gem." Even Kenzo, with his deep thoughts, was struck by the sight of Jaired. He frowned slightly, as if seeing him for the first time.
Back when Jaired was courting Alivia, he made it so public, his affection was so deep that it moved everyone in Beaconsfield. It turns out, it was all an act. A farcical play. Kenzo chuckled lightly, his hands propped against the window sill. "I really didn't see this coming." Jaired had now made himself comfortable next to Irene, casually sitting down. "Yeah, me neither. But then again, with you, I'm not surprised. I've never been able to figure you out." Irene grabbed his hand, "Jaired, the Alivia you chased in Beaconsfield, she's at the base now."
Jaired pinched her chin playfully, "I gave her a chance to be a lapdog, but she didn't cherish it. Now, she's been discarded by Kenzo. Telling me this, what, you want me to swoop in and rescue her from those men? Irene, wasn't it you who threw her to the wolves?" Irene's fingertips pressed against Jaired's chest, pushing him away. "Poor Miss Jin. Oh well, she chose her path. If she could please someone else, they'd give her anything she desired." She finished, lifting her chin proudly, "Jaired, this is my husband. And now, you're one of the two who knows your true face." Jaired looked towards Kenzo, who was also observing him. Just like before, Jaired had no clue what was going through his mind.
###Chapter 1154
---
"Irene."
Kenzo's voice cut through the room. "Step outside for a moment. I need a word with him."
Irene raised an eyebrow but didn't argue. Once she was gone, the room settled into an uneasy quiet.
Jaired stayed seated, his eyes drifting to the disheveled bed. With a smirk, he said, "Thought you were into Brielle?"
Kenzo pulled out a cigarette, lighting it with a flick of his lighter. It was one of Irene's, a slim, lady's cigarette he'd lifted from the bathroom. "Spill it, Jaired."
When had Jaired joined their ranks? Had he known about his true identity back in Beaconsfield?
Jaired shrugged, picking up a glass of water from the table and taking a sip.
"Not much to say. I know as little about this place as I do about you. So, what's the deal, Mr. Kenzo? Got someone you need taken out?"
Kenzo blew out a ring of smoke, a habit he'd picked up only when diving deep into a character for a screenplay. Since coming back to North America, it seemed he couldn't quit. "I need Max gone. You game?"
Jaired squinted, probably weighing the truth in Kenzo's words.
"When the boss gives an order, I follow."
Typical, Kenzo thought. Only the truly twisted got into their circle.
Flicking ash from his cigarette, Kenzo turned to gaze out the window, his back to Jaired.
Their paths had first crossed in Beaconsfield, and no one could've predicted this reunion.
Of their group, only Andrew's loyalty was unquestionable.
After a pause, Kenzo stubbed out his cigarette.
"Take out Brielle, no matter the cost."
Jaired's grip on his glass tightened before he stood up, "Just make sure you don't regret it."
Kenzo didn't reply, and by the time he turned around, Jaired was gone.
Irene had once told him that Jaired was the most lethal assassin they had, responsible for countless hits.
This time would be no different, Kenzo was sure.
Lighting another cigarette, he watched as his fingers grew pale.
Soon, Irene returned, holding an intricately designed box.
"Honey, is this yours? Someone dug it up from your old place, said it might prove you're a traitor."
Irene's face lit up with a mischievous
grin as she violently pried open the box with a blade strapped to her wrist. 
Inside was nothing but a shriveled, blackened skewer of candied fruit, clearly aged.
She raised an eyebrow and tossed it into the trash.
"It's not yours, is it? Why hold onto such junk?"
Kenzo didn't move to retrieve it, just exhaled more smoke.
"No, it's not."
"What task did you give Jaired? He disappeared pretty fast."
"Has he ever botched a hit?"
For some reason, Kenzo felt the need to ask.
If Jaired was the organization's
secret weapon, maybe he'd
paths with Brielle before, crosspet
once. 
just
Given Brielle's life under constant watch and Jaired's mission profile, their paths must have intersected.
Irene laughed.
"He's never failed, so don't worry. He'll get it done."
Kenzo's lashes fluttered at her words.
It was a strange mix of relief and a heavier burden.
Maybe it was for the best. They were all living in hell anyway.
Brielle would just be leaving a bit sooner.
"Alright."
Kenzo never questioned why or when Jaired had joined.
A member of the Beaconsfield Riddle family, deeply rooted in the elite circles, yet engaging in such clandestine activities. If discovered, it could bring suspicion upon the entire Riddle family. FindNovel
These people played a dangerous game.
Kenzo smiled faintly.
###Chapter 1155
Dustin couldn't shake the feeling that they were missing a crucial piece of the puzzle.
Beside him, King spoke up slowly, "You know, Dustin, don't you think the North American royalty has been a bit too quiet?"
King's words hit Dustin like a bolt of lightning, making him realize he had completely overlooked this key player.
As King sat there, his eyes fixed on the chaotic battle in the distance, he continued, "With a conflict of this scale, even though it's happening away from the city, it should have drawn some attention. But the North American royalty has been silent. I've brought in forces from Saudi, and normally, this would have triggered some negotiations. Unauthorized entry into another country is a big deal-it's practically an act of war. Yet, the royalty hasn't done anything. My informants have reported that they haven't even made a public statement." A chill seemed to wrap around Dustin as King narrowed his eyes. "Years ago, when I was working with the North American royalty on behalf of Saudi, they tried every trick in the book. At a dinner, they drugged my drink and even tried to marry me off to a princess. If I hadn't escaped, it could have brought shame to all of Saudi. Considering they stooped to such low tactics with me, how could they possibly be sincere in their dealings with the Lynch family?"
There had always been rumors that the royalty had offered a title to the Lynch family, which was declined. This only boosted the Lynch family's reputation, seemingly drawing them closer to the royalty. In return, the Lynch family had always been a staunch supporter of the nation, investing heavily in science, education, and other fields, with most of the funding for research institutes coming from them.
Dustin had always believed their relationship with the royalty was solid. However, King's words sparked a realization.
King, revered in Saudi as a "Child of God," commanded respect and belief, his reputation well-earned. With his concerns for Brielle momentarily set aside, Dustin's thoughts became clearer.
"Dustin, I suspect the royalty is backing the organization. They control healthcare, which can make many people compliant. Think about it, why is the drug problem so rampant here, with substances like marijuana being openly sold instead of suppressed? The organization has kidnapped numerous talented pharmacists, perfectly supplying the royalty with everything they desire."
For the first time, Dustin felt a cold shiver down his spine.
King's expression turned frosty.
"Every family involved in this conflict will be weakened, and the destroyed families' resources will revert to the royalty. The Lynch family will be severely damaged, allowing the royalty to easily eliminate them and take over the diamond resources. Meanwhile, most of my forces from Saudi have been mobilized here. On North American soil, they could be completely decimated, and then the royalty could claim to the international community that I, the Saudi leader, was the aggressor. This would legitimize their actions against Saudi and their claim to our oil." 
It was a domino effect, aimed at controlling the world's most vital resources.
Ine
Their current inaction was not due to ignorance of the ongoing family wars but a calculated wait for Saudi forces to cross a certain line before striking back. 
Once the royalty joined the fray, the Saudi forces would be trapped, and King's fate would be sealed.
His phone rang at that moment, his forces on the verge of crossing the line, seeking his command.
"Stay just outside that line in North America," he instructed, then dialed a number to a shadowy group aligned with Max.
"Remain hidden at all costs. Your
jel
first task support Brielle. Second
rescue her mother. And third: infiltrate the royalty and capture every prince and princess. 
If the royalty had chosen to play dirty first, they had no reason to hold back. Let chaos reign.
###Chapter 1156
King still didn't fully grasp why Max had initially decided to build up this formidable force, but he was coming to understand just how powerful they truly were.
Their specialty? Assassinations and stealth.
Sometimes, King found Max's foresight downright eerie.
Well, credit where credit's due, he thought.
As he pondered, Max's voice suddenly echoed in his mind.
"Don't be jealous."
King's blood boiled instantly.
Taking a deep breath, he redirected all his focus to the task at hand. His troops were patrolling just outside the North American border, effectively keeping the royal family from joining the fray. Without a legitimate reason to confront his forces, the royals were left stewing in their own anxiety.
Now was the perfect time to capture those princes and princesses, a move that would surely intimidate the rest of the royal family.
"Max, did you strike a deal with Jaired?" King couldn't help but ask.
Why else would Jaired agree to bring outsiders into the core of their operations? And what role did Jaired play in all this?
Max's response didn't come immediately, and King thought he might not answer.
"We made a deal, but Jaired is unpredictable."
Jaired wasn't lacking in money or power, making him the hardest to control.
King had a rough idea. During the time Brielle was pregnant, Max often disappeared. It was then he had made a deal with Jaired, though King didn't know the specifics.
"King, you can use Jaired, but don't trust him."
Even Max's warnings confirmed Jaired's danger.
King couldn't help but worry. What if Jaired targeted Brielle?
He only hoped Max's people would find Brielle soon and ensure her safety.
Watching the chaos unfold before him, King saw his side gaining the upper hand, thanks to support from several influential families.
The North American royal family hadn't dared make a move since his forces hadn't crossed the line.
Royal families always needed allies. Those joining the fray were the royals' arms and legs; to act now would only tarnish their reputation.
Dawn was breaking, and the night-long battle was nearing its end. Helicopters littered the ground, their wrecks smoldering.
Despite the involvement of numerous families, the media was clueless, thanks to the royals' efforts to avoid public panic by sealing off the area. The royals were in a bind, unable to act without weakening themselves.
King relaxed a bit but grew to dislike
the North American royal family even more They had forced him into a six-month oil deal after being outplayed by Brielle, and now their
demands were even ned
"Dustin, if my forces make it through this time, your Lynch family's assets will also be swallowed by the royal
family. Doesn't that tick you off? e
Especially since that so-called organization has been lurking within the Lynch family for so long. 
Dustin's laugh was cold and filled with disillusionment.
"Of course, I'm furious. So, after this settles down, the Lynch family will withdraw all support from North American academic and research institutions. Let them fend for themselves." The royals, those backstabbers.
King was about to say more when his phone rang. The team sent to rescue Sarah had returned, but they hadn't brought back Sarah.
"Sir, we're sorry, but you told us to respect Ms. Sarah's wishes. She wanted us to save this person instead, so we did."
King's brows furrowed. What did that mean?
A surge of anger welled up inside him. Was his mother-in-law still at the organization's base?
"Sir, Ms. Sarah called her Orla. I thought she might be important to you, so..."
Before the caller could finish, King stiffened, a bolt of realization striking him. His mother's words echoed in his mind.
"My child, even if you found that benefactor, what then? We're living in hiding, not lacking in anything. Contacting her would only disrupt her life. There's no need to know who she is. She saved me, and I'm grateful." 
"You can remember Orla. She's your aunt, my sister, always there to protect me."
"King, if—if I'm no longer here, I hope you and Max can support each other like Orla and I did."
###Chapter 1157
King was at a loss for words, a rare moment for him. He'd always known who his mother was and, by extension, the drama that had unfolded with the Dorsey family years ago, all narrated by his mother herself. Her stories were raw and unfiltered. Orla, his mother's older sister, had been like a second mom. Before Orla's mysterious disappearance, she had showered her sister with affection, nurturing her naivety and innocence. But when Orla vanished, it seemed like their family was cursed. Decades had passed-nearly thirty years-and now, someone was telling him that Orla was still alive.
His mother had always hoped for two people to outlive her: her child and her sister.
"Sir, where should I take this person?" came a voice, snapping King back to reality.
He lowered his eyes, "I'll send you an address. Take her there."
"Understood, sir. Also, this lady kept insisting we go back for Ms. Sarah, claiming she's a guardian angel to her sister and once saved her and the child. I'm not quite familiar with the whole story, but thought you should know."
Before the words were fully out, King had pieced it together. Sarah must be the guardian angel his mother spoke of, Brielle's biological mother.
A warmth spread through him, a feeling of inevitability with Brielle, yet he was overwhelmed with regret. Had he known Sarah was his mother's savior, he would have treated Brielle differently. He had been too harsh, causing her tears when all he wanted was to keep her close, even if her words sometimes wounded him.
Now, knowing the truth, he felt a pang of guilt. His mother, if she knew, would be furious from beyond the grave for how he forced Brielle into motherhood.
He had messed everything up.
Lost in thought, King hung up the call and gazed out at the mountain, now shrouded in smoke from helicopter wreckage. Dustin was already coordinating a cleanup effort, daylight breaking over the chaos.
Meanwhile, Brielle found solace
sleeping among a group of leopards, her and Isaac wrapped in warmth. She woke before dawn, the forest still engulfed in darkness, filled with the sounds of nocturnal creatures. Isaac needed his rest, so she left him sleeping, venturing out to gather fruits by the faint light, ensuring he wouldn't go hungry upon waking. 
Following her memory, she found the fruit trees, gathering more than before. As she made her way back, dawn was breaking, though the dense canopy kept the forest dim. "Brielle."
Hearing her name called out in such
fnet
a setting sent a shiver down her spine, a common reaction for anyone in such a secluded spot. Instinctively, she dropped her fruit and executed a flawless throw, pinning the intruder down. 
To her surprise, it was Jaired.
"Ah, what a waste," he sighed, looking at the smashed fruit.
"Jaired? What are you doing here?" Brielle asked, releasing him and gathering the undamaged fruits. Was it Max who sent him?
"Someone asked me to come," Jaired answered casually.
Brielle remembered seeing Jaired after being rescued from a fire, carried by Andrew. They hadn't spoken then, but now it seemed he was here on Max's behalf, a relief to her. Jaired followed her, making an offhand comment about her unexpected journey with Max, hinting at his known dislike for her and his past obsession with Alivia.
"How's that gun Max gave you? Any good?” he asked nonchalantly, his tone betraying nothing of his earlier animosity, even as a fresh scratch and blood stains marked his appearance. en FindNovel
Brielle chose not to pry, aware that the outside world was likely in turmoil, assuming Jaired had encountered trouble on his way to her.
###Chapter 1158
"Works like a charm."
"Good to hear."
The two walked in silence for a bit, until Brielle suddenly stopped, turning to face Jaired.
"Did Max send you?"
"No."
No? Brielle furrowed her brows, wondering who else it could be.
Jaired chuckled. "Someone else, someone you know."
Brielle instinctively thought of King, realizing that Max's dual personalities were no secret within their circle.
Just as Brielle was about to move on, she heard a noise from the bushes nearby.
Thinking it might be a rabbit or some small critter, she started towards it, but Jaired grabbed her arm.
"Don't you have someone to find?"
Right, Brielle thought. Isaac was out there alone. Even with Noir by his side, what if those guys caught up to them?
She turned to rush off but then a voice came from the bushes.
"Run."
Brielle froze in her tracks.
"Darn."
Dustin let out a sigh, then with a smirk said, "Guess you didn't bring a gun today, huh?" Indeed, Brielle hadn't thought to bring a gun, not expecting today to unfold as it had. "Brielle, they're after you, so I'm only taking you. Go with me now, and the kid lives." Jaired's tone was casual, almost indifferent.
Even standing there, his posture was rigid, yet his eyes were smiling.
Brielle set down her apple, realizing escape wasn't an option.
In the bushes, the man Jaired had injured was now unconscious, no longer a threat.
Jaired, a top assassin in the organization, was not someone you could easily beat.
Then, other voices began to stir around them.
Jaired quickly grabbed a gun, pulling Brielle into his embrace, pressing the barrel against her forehead.
"I don't want to do this, but orders are orders."
The shadows hesitated; these were Max's men, but Jaired had intercepted them and fed them false intel. Having incapacitated one, he encountered Brielle first.
Now, holding her hostage, he ignored the others.
With Brielle involved, none of them dared to shoot and risk her safety.
Walking further, Brielle noticed the tang of blood in the air.
Clearly, Jaired was injured too.
It seemed the person sent to intercept her was formidable; although Jaired had won, he was wounded, and now, with several opponents, he needed Brielle as leverage to escape. FindNovel
Despite a gun to her head, Brielle remained calm.
"Jaired, what do you want?"
He had everything he needed in Beaconsfield. Why meddle in North American affairs?
Brielle couldn't fathom his motive, and without that knowledge, she couldn't exploit his weaknesses. Eventually, they reached a secluded car, and Brielle knew she had no choice but to follow Jaired. Once in the car, Jaired buckled her in.
The vehicle's bulletproof windows reassured him against sniper attacks.
As the scenery slid by, Brielle felt a chill.
What was Jaired planning?
"Cough, cough."
Jaired coughed, wiping away the blood from his mouth.
Max's forces had exceeded all expectations, marking the first time Jaired had been injured in years. Despite knowing the opposition was strong, Jaired hadn't anticipated this level of resistance.
The car journey ended in a remote
area
helicere Jaired led Brielle , ensuring no oneonto
t with her in tow. Conto
Only when they ascended did Brielle notice several others lurking, likely sent by Max or King.
Her heart warmed at the thought, but anxiety about what lay ahead lingered.
Back at the base.
Irene monitored the computer screen, a slight smile on her lips.
"Honey, Jaired's got the person you wanted, without a fight."
Kenzo, sipping his coffee, looked up at her words.
Irene, cleaning her throwing knife, lips pursed.
"I told
the lo spare her for you. I
thought you might want to do the
yourself. How about it?"
The coffee cup trembled in Kenzo's hand.
Lowering his lashes, Kenzo responded softly, "Okay."
sw noteret
###Chapter 1159
He stared at the screen in front of him, lost in thought, his grip on the coffee mug turning his knuckles white. Irene got up, wrapping her arms around him from behind.
"The feud that started because of her, it ends with her. Only then will you truly belong to the organization, free from any emotional ties. Emotions cloud our judgment, and sending Jaired to take her out shows you're almost there. But not ruthless enough for me. I want to see you do it yourself."
Her words echoed in his ears, yet Kenzo's expression remained unchanged, his gaze locked on the screen. Irene looked at his gentle demeanor and couldn't resist planting a kiss on his neck.
"Kenzo, I'm genuinely starting to fall for you. So don't disappoint me. After all, you're my husband, and I'm not looking to be a widow."
Kenzo set his coffee mug down and looked up at her. "Have the men before me been any fewer in number?" he asked.
Irene laughed, "Now that you mention it, not really. They only met their end because they made mistakes. From a young age, I was groomed to be the successor. As soon as I came of age, my father took me to pick consorts, all to ensure I wouldn't develop any unnecessary emotional attachments. So I never get as tangled up as you do. Kenzo, once you've seen enough of the world, you realize love isn't all that important."
"Have you ever seen a successful person who prioritizes love? To live fully, one must be a little mad. And now, you're just one step away."
And that step is to personally send the person you love to their doom. It's a path she'd walked herself. Only then would Kenzo truly stand by her side, the kind of partner she desired. Irene wrapped her arms around his neck, hoping he wouldn't let her down in the end.
the
Kenzo took a sip from his mug, aroma of the coffee briefly transporting him elsewhere. He remembered the candy apple. Jaired was right seeing him turn out this way wasn't surprising at all. Kenzo е
had always been a master at concealing his thoughts, deceiving others with a veneer of gentleness. He was also incredibly patient, maintaining his cover as a Dummy beside Dustin for years without being discovered, requiring
significant resilience.
He was so close to breaking free from the massive organization, just half a year away. That was all he needed to shed his Dummy persona, abandon the identity of Kenzo, and start anew. Just half a year. He could then take his mother, along with a fortune, and find a secluded place to live in peace.
But it had come to this. Why had it come to this? He couldn't remember what had driven him to this point. He just wanted her too much. He knew Brielle was innocent. She had done nothing wrong. A simple act of kindness, giving him a candy apple, and now she had to face his unwarranted revenge. How absurd. The fault was his, for harboring delusions. Fortunately, it was all about to end. There was no bond deeper than personally taking her with him into oblivion. Eternal separation, what a comforting thought. 
"Boom!" King finished with his firearm and casually tossed it to someone nearby. He joined Dustin, boarding the intact helicopter. The family opposing the Lynch clan had been subdued, and now he needed to head straight to Isaac's location. But just as the helicopter took off, his phone rang. Brielle had been taken by Jaired.
King's pupils contracted sharply, his lips pressing into a thin line. "And the little one?" he asked.
"Sir, the young master is still safe."
"Wait for me there." The helicopter swiftly ascended, heading in Isaac's direction.
When Isaac woke up that morning and didn't find Brielle, he followed Noir into the woods and stumbled upon scattered fruits on the ground. Brielle was in trouble. Either she had lured the enemy away upon seeing them approach, or she had been captured. Isaac's young face was stoic, his gaze sharply scanning the surroundings.
Minutes later, unfamiliar men
appeared. He was about to sic Noir on them when one of them spoke up, claiming to have been sent by his father. Isaac didn't fully trust this man; after all, he was still on the run. He wasn't a typical child, easily swayed by a few words from
stood among a group of black panthers, with Noir
strangers. So, there he fron
by his side, while the men stood at a distance, seemingly making a call. 
###Chapter 1160
Isaac was on edge until the sound of a helicopter buzzing above shattered the silence, landing in a nearby clearing. When he saw who was stepping out, his guard dropped instantly. He patted Noir on the head and sprinted towards King. King pulled him into a tight hug, patting his back. "Got a bit scared, did ya?"
"Dad, Brielle... she's been taken."
A flash of fury crossed King's eyes. "I know."
Isaac clung to his neck, clearly uncomfortable with strangers. Then, his gaze shifted to a man with striking peach blossom eyes standing next to his dad, who was looking at him with surprise.
Dustin had never really dealt with kids. His sister had been lost to the world when she was very young, and he never got to enjoy being a big brother. Especially since this kid was his niece. Dustin's eyes brightened as he scooped Isaac into his arms. Isaac, still clinging to King, was visibly uneasy with Dustin. Ignoring the boy's resistance, Dustin used his strength to hold Isaac close. "He's the spitting image, isn't he? Those genes are something else."
"Such good looks, and how come his skin's so fair, his eyelashes so long?"
"King, you've hit the jackpot."
"Why don't I have kids? Holding him feels even better than a woman."
Flirtatious and unrestrained. Isaac struggled in Dustin's hold, his lips pressed tightly together. But King had no time to waste; he needed to save Brielle.
"We're taking the helicopter. With so many families tied together by interests, and the royal family hesitant to make a move, it's the perfect time to strut right under their noses and wipe out that base."
Dustin agreed, and with Isaac in tow, the trio boarded the helicopter. Back at the castle, it was bustling with people. Six royals, princes, and princesses, all blonde and blue-eyed, were tied up with gags in their mouths, staring at King and Dustin with fear in their eyes. Dustin walked up to one of them. "Prince Arthur, fancy seeing you here."
Prince Arthur glared at Dustin, muffled by the gag. They never thought they'd be kidnapped before dawn, especially not from their homes. These six were prominent members of the royal family, their presence meant the royals couldn't act rashly.
Dustin chuckled, sitting down. "Can't blame me for kidnapping you. After all, your royal family wanted to use the Lynch family as cannon fodder. Such grand schemes."
Arthur, unable to speak because of
the gag, struggled briefly before giving up, his eyes signaling Dustin for a talk Dustin and this Prince Arthur were close, practically best friends. The Lynch family had poured so much money into North America, feeling used didn't sit well with them. 
Dustin looked away, his patience wearing thin. The royals had the audacity to come to them, yet showed no sign of resistance. This incident would weaken the royal supporters, and even after releasing these royals, the family wouldn't dare touch the Lynch family. After all, the Lynch family and the Saudi oil magnates were on the same side. Stirring up international controversy would benefit no one.
Prince Arthur, seeing Dustin's indifference, knew the Lynch family was truly angered. He lowered his eyes, resigning to silence.
If King hadn't captured these royal
members, they wouldn't dare attack the organization's base for fear of being caught in a trap. But with these royals in hand, the royal family could only watch from the sidelines. Even if the organization had generated vast wealth for them, losing six members, especially Prince Arthur, a recognized heir often in international news, would tip global opinion towards North America. The North American government couldn't afford the fallout. 
This was their chance to destroy the base. King ordered everyone to get ready, then went to check on the woman they had rescued.
###Chapter 1161
Orla had been holed up in her room ever since she arrived at the castle, not once setting foot outside.
That all changed when the door creaked open, revealing a man standing on the other side. Her eyes narrowed as she took him in.
Who was this?
This man, Max, didn't look anything like Simone, but Orla felt a sudden, inexplicable warmth toward him. She'd been gone for so long, too long to let herself hope for much, so she stayed quiet, sitting tensely.
King was never good with these kinds of situations, and Max wasn't any better. So there he stood, silent in the doorway for what felt like ages before finally speaking up. "The Dorsey family isn't what it used to be. Mother Simone has passed away. Aunt, wherever you want to spend your later years, I'll find you a suitable place."
Orla's heart clenched. She had braced herself for Simone's fate, but hearing it out loud brought tears to her eyes. Simone was the sister she couldn't bear to leave behind, the reason she fought so hard to escape that facility. Now, with her sister gone, everything seemed meaningless.
No, not everything.
She looked up at the man in front of her. He was quite the looker, inheriting his mother's stunning beauty. Simone had always been the talk of the town, especially after her visits to Beaconsfield, where people couldn't stop raving about her looks. This child, her nephew, carried none of Simone's naivety, which was probably for the best.
"I'd like to stay here, even if just as a maid," she said softly. She had spent twenty-eight long years in that place and was no longer willing to face loneliness. She wanted to stay close to her only remaining family member, hoping to see her sister's child find happiness and success.
King nodded. "Aunt, if Mother knew you were still alive, she'd be overjoyed. I'm currently dealing with matters regarding that facility. If you have any additional information, it would help us greatly."
And Max had been affected by those drugs from the facility, uncertain of their lingering effects. If his aunt had a hand in creating those drugs, maybe she could alleviate some of Max's suffering. 
King had once thought Max's headaches were a boon, giving him more control over their shared body. But now with Brielle captured and her fate uncertain, his perspective had shifted. It didn't matter who controlled the body anymore. All that
mattered was loving Brielle properly.
It was rare for a man so possessive to reach such an enlightenment. King could sense that Max was ready to take over at any moment, but his spirit was still weakened by the drugs' impact. "Could you create a drug to counteract the side effects of those control drugs from the facility?" he asked.
No wonder the third Dorsey sibling struggled for so long without
success. The best minds had been involved in the drug's creation, and despite the third sibling's genius and fortunate absence from a critical
meeting, their efforts were ultimately
in vain. 
"Of course, I can. I led the development of the first generation of that drug. All I need is a lab and a room. Give me a month, and I'll have the antidote ready," Orla replied confidently.
King breathed a sigh of relief. A month was more than enough. "Thank you, Aunt. If there's anything you need, just let someone in the castle know."
He had always kept the castle off-limits to others, seeing it as a sanctuary for him and Brielle alone, their personal Eden. But times had changed.
As King was about to leave, Max's voice echoed in his mind, laden with a newfound maturity. "You've grown up."
That single sentence infuriated him to no end. Maybe they should have his aunt research a different kind of drug, one that could rid him of this nuisance once and for all.
###Chapter 1162
Back in the living room, Dustin could tell something was off just by looking at him but chose to raise an eyebrow in silence rather than comment.
King sat sulking in a corner, scrolling through data flooding in from various sources on his laptop. The two who had saved Orla had already spilled the beans on the exact location of the base. Now, with over fifty families rallying behind them, plus the support of the Lynch family, Max's secret backing, and King's own influence in North America, a direct assault seemed inevitable.
The base didn't stand a chance against such an overwhelming force.
Yet, three major variables were complicating things. Brielle was in their grasp. So was Sarah. And then there was Jaired-the wildcard. Even Max had warned to tread carefully around him, indicating Jaired's potential to sway the outcome of this mission.
Why Jaired had joined that organization was anyone's guess. But King didn't dwell on it, knowing all too well that darkness lurks in every heart, sometimes leading one astray when it grows too strong. Growing up in high society, maybe Jaired had simply had too much exposure to righteousness, breeding a rebellious streak within him.
Regardless of the reason, Jaired was not to be underestimated.
The allied forces were regrouping, ready to storm the base by evening at the latest. King's restlessness was palpable, his mood darkening further as his gaze landed on the captives tied up in the center of the living room.
Prince Arthur, seizing the moment someone finally noticed him, blinked furiously, signaling he had something to say. King strode over and yanked the cloth from Arthur's mouth with a swift motion. Arthur sighed in relief. Having known Dustin for years, Arthur was well aware that the royal family's schemes were probably transparent to him. Despite feeling powerless, he still managed to speak fluently in English. "Look, there's room for negotiation here. There's no need to escalate things this far."
Dustin, engrossed in strategizing on his screen, frowned slightly at Prince Arthur's words. "Stuff it back in," he muttered. Noise. The moment the royal family opted for this path, negotiation was off the table.
"Look, I know the royal family's
actions have left you cold, but I can't stop them single-handedly. It's a
matter of the entire clan. I'm truly sorry, but at this stage, isn't it better to minimize the fallout? Our ties with the
добир
oup you refer to as 'Jesus'
stretch back to my father's
generation. I can't change that
alone. But you and I have a personal connection, and I hope we can both emerge unscathed from this
conflict." 
Arthur's plea was heartfelt, but Dustin's expression remained unyielding. King, seeing this, moved to gag Arthur once again.
"Wait! The leader of the 'Jesus'
organization, Irene, she's the
daughter of the princess who was married off to forge that alliance. If you go to war with them, even if you have us now, other members of the royal family will join their side. You know the royal families in North America aren't united. Some back me as the heir, while others support Irene. The contributions she's made to the organization over the years are significant. I'm telling you this as your friend. If there's no turning back now, you better weigh the strength of those in the royal family who support Irene before making a move." 
.n
This was a revelation neither Dustin nor King had anticipated. Prince Arthur had indeed played his last card. He made a valid point. Despite all being members of the royal. family a rift had formed, dividing theiRoyalties between Prince Arthur and Irene, the daughter of the princess sent away in marriage, now the head of the organization. 
###Chapter 1163
Irene's ruthlessness and cold-heartedness were the talk of the town. In comparison, Prince Arthur, often gracing the covers of newspapers and magazines, seemed to have little more than a stellar reputation.
Dustin had no reason to doubt Arthur's words. Power struggles are universal; they happen everywhere. The same was true for Beaconsfield, where internal feuds within elite circles were far more intense than the average person could imagine. And in North America, a
land where capital reigns supreme, the battles were even fiercer.
If they were to launch an attack on the organization now, who among Irene's supporters would rise to her defense?
Dustin set his laptop aside and stood up. "Does Irene have any weaknesses?" he asked.
Arthur's face twisted in discomfort, the corners of his mouth twitching slightly. "She's been groomed from a young age under strict control to be the heir of the organization. She even killed her own lover with her bare hands, not mercifully, but through actual torture. Her ruthlessness is unmatched. She has nothing she cares for, except perhaps the organization itself."
This was a person who had given everything to the organization, unlikely to be swayed by anything else.
"Look, I know you have your reservations about the royal family, but please give me another chance. I'm ready to sign a deal with you right now. To be honest, I'm not too fond of my sister either. She poses a great threat to me, capable of acting independently from the royal family's wishes. I have my own ambitions. I wish to be the one who inherits the throne, and I want her gone. If you work with me, I promise that the royal family will never be an enemy of the Lynch family. Whatever you've lost, we'll compensate in other ways."
Prince Arthur's proposal was straightforward. Attacking the organization head-on would only lead to mutual destruction, especially with other royal members likely to aid Irene's escape. But Arthur himself wanted his sister out of the picture, to claim the throne for himself. So, the plan was to first eliminate those royal members, making a direct assault on the base much less daunting without worrying about royal interference.
What really caught Dustin's attention was Arthur's knowledge of exactly which royal members were backing Irene. Taking them out first would simplify the task of crushing them significantly.
A pen and paper were brought to Dustin, and within minutes, he had drafted a document.
Prince Arthur nearly choked upon reading the demands. The Lynch family, a towering corporate giant, contributed taxes to the North American government nearly equal to the nation's annual income. Now, Dustin was pulling funding from education and research institutions. North America's world-renowned universities heavily depended on such funding; without it, their
research outcomes would dry up. 
The agreement didn't stop there. Dustin had previously promised twenty percent of diamond resources to other families, which now had to be compensated by the royal family. They were to provide a piece of prime land near the city center to the Lynch family, free of charge and without a lease term, to mitigate some of their losses.
The treaty also stipulated that future oil purchases from Saudi Arabia by North America had to be at triple the standard price. Since the King had promised other families a three-year oil deal, the financial ins and outs would balance themselves, with the royal family footing the bill.
Arthur's face turned sour as he looked at Dustin, hoping for some leniency.
Dustin scoffed, "When you decided to use the Lynch family as cannon fodder, you should've been prepared for this. Besides, with all the spies you've planted in our ranks, including my sister wandering the world for over two decades, who's to settle that account? This mess is your organization's doing. I think this agreement is actually too lenient; I could add a few more conditions." 
"Stop, I'll sign it, just don't add anything more," Arthur conceded.
As Dustin watched him sign the document, he added, "When we confront the organization, we'll try to avoid damaging its structure too much. You can let the royal medical institutions take over, but stop producing harmful drugs. Once this place becomes known to international media, you're well aware of the pressure the North American government will face." 
###Chapter 1164
Arthur let out a relieved sigh, "Thanks," he said appreciatively.
Connecting the royal family with an organization like this was a ticking time bomb, a scandal that could rock the monarchy to its core. Every royal who took the throne had to go to extreme lengths to keep the base's existence a secret. If word got out, the entire North American government would be shamed on the world stage.
Arthur wanted to be that prince, but he wasn't keen on carrying the weight of this explosive secret. Teaming up with Dustin, he could take out his rival Irene and diminish the risk surrounding the base, making its existence seem innocent. The talents trapped inside the base? They could easily be pinned on Irene, absolving the North American monarchy completely.
So, Irene had to go. Her death would ensure that her secret, being the princess's daughter, went with her to the grave.
Dustin understood Arthur's game plan, but they had to cooperate for now; they couldn't keep Brielle waiting much longer. They still didn't know why Brielle had been taken, so every second counted.
Once Arthur was untied, he wasted no time in betraying all of Irene's royal supporters. Dustin and King exchanged a knowing look, quickly organizing several allied families to seize control of these royals, preventing them from sending any distress signals and cutting off any reinforcements for the organization. The plan was in motion.
Meanwhile, Brielle, blindfolded, was clueless about her destination. After getting off the helicopter and enduring a rough car ride, they finally stopped.
"Jaired, where are you taking me?" she asked, her tone calm as he helped her out of the car and guided her forward. The uncertainty of each step made her uneasy.
"Whose side are you on, and what's your goal?" she pressed, having cycled through countless reasons for Jaired's actions but finding none that fit.
She stumbled slightly and almost fell forward, but Jaired caught her by the shoulders, pulling her back.
"Watch your step."
Brielle frowned, her hands tied
behind her back, making it hard to move freely. "What are you trying to do?" she asked, now sitting on the ground after an hour of walking, her legs feeling like jelly.
Jaired squatted in front of her, amused by her predicament, her face partly hidden by the black cloth.
"I told you, I'm taking you to meet someone you know. They wanted me to kill you on the spot. If it weren't for a last-minute change of plans, you'd be history."
Even with the blindfold, Brielle's furrowed brow showed her concern. Jaired watched her for a moment before pulling her up by the arm.
"Let's go."
They walked for what felt like ages until the noise around them faded, and she was pushed into a room. Were they at the organization's base now?
"Jaired, if there's something you want, you don't have to team up with this organization. We could work together, right?" Brielle tried to keep him talking, hoping to gather more information.
Jaired, ready to leave, paused at her words. Sensing his hesitation, Brielle continued, "You know who I am. With Max on our side, we can meet any demand you have. Just say the word." Before she could finish, her chin was abruptly grabbed.
"Brielle, you need to understand that some people are born with everything and want for nothing. Their abundance makes life dull."
Brielle didn't know Jaired well,
having only seen him a few times in
Beaconsfield. She had thought he
was easier to read than Kenzo, whose depth was clear even behind his gentle facade. But Jaired seemingly straightforward, proved to be just as enigmatic. 
He claimed to love Alivia, yet humiliated her when she sought his help. His actions, ever since his first appearance in Beaconsfield, were boldly transparent. Yet, this very transparency made his current intentions all the more
unfathomable. 
###Chapter 1165
Jaired let go of her chin, noticing she had clammed up. He raised an eyebrow, amused.
"What's with the sudden silence?"
"I've got nothing left to say. You claim you can achieve anything, so clearly, friendship means nothing to you. You've been serving this organization, probably ditched your family ties long ago. Anything I say now is pointless. Someone who can let go of everything is invincible. You're not even afraid of death, so what could I possibly say to change your mind?"
Her tone was indifferent, eyes shut. For her, it didn't matter whether her eyes were open or closed.
Jaired found her quite intriguing, a smirk forming on his lips.
"Brielle, no wonder Max likes you."
"The one who had me captured this time, it was Kenzo, right? He's the new boss around here?"
Jaired's smile faltered, his eyebrows arching even higher.
"How did you guess?"
"I didn't guess; I was bluffing. I still have no clue where he is."
"Regret letting him go back then? Max went through a lot of trouble."
In North America, Brielle hadn't known how Max had managed it, but they had indeed captured Kenzo.
"I don't regret it. If I hadn't let him go then, facing him now, I'd still feel indebted to him, unable to truly hate him."
"But if I had to do it over, knowing he'd turn out like this, maybe I'd hesitate."
Too many people were involved, too many innocents had died. She couldn't bear the weight of those lives. "Brielle, take care of yourself."
With those words, Jaired walked out. The blindfold remained over Brielle's eyes, leaving her clueless about her surroundings. She stood, her hands tied behind her back using her shoulders to feel around in the empty room. Apart from the spot she sat on, there were just walls all around. 
The iron door was securely locked; she had no way of opening it. Blindfolded, she couldn't even tell where the windows were. She had no choice but to return to her spot, waiting to see who would come next.
Jaired walked a distance before
arriving at a smaller path leading to
the base. Upon reaching the
courtyard's center, he looked up to see Kenzo. Kenzo was leaning on the railing, one upstairs, one downstairs, locking eyes for a few seconds. Jaired almost felt like he was back in Beaconsfield a frown crossing his face before he flashed a smile. 
"Boss, I've brought the person you wanted."
The term "Boss" instantly defined their current relationship, making Beaconsfield seem like a hometown they could never return to. Behind Kenzo Irene emerged from inside, stepping onto the porch. Seeing Jaired, she chuckled lightly. 
"I knew it; there's no task Jaired can't complete."
Kenzo straightened up, Irene wrapping her arms around him from behind.
"Honey, are you ready? If you can't bring yourself to do it, I can take over. I've never been one to show mercy in these situations."
"No need, I want to do it myself."
His tone was calm as he turned and descended the stairs. Jaired, still in the middle of the courtyard, watched him approach, the two men passing by each other. Irene followed closely, turning her head to Jaired. "Jaired, aren't you going to watch? You always love being in the thick of things."
As she spoke, both exchanged glances. Irene lit a cigarette, blowing out a smoke ring before her gaze drifted.
"Jaired, it's been ten years."
Jaired remained silent, his gaze fixed on a certain part of the courtyard. Irene laughed softly, striding out.
###Chapter 1166
Jaired stood still, his face a mask of calm. It was like he had no idea what those ten years meant. Or maybe he just didn't want to think about it. He just stood there, not even looking for a place to sit, as if he could stand there forever. Irene, a cigarette hanging from her fingers, followed Kenzo from a short distance until they reached the door to the room where Brielle was being held. Kenzo reached out to touch the door but then pulled back, looking hesitant. Irene stepped up from behind him and pushed the door open.
"Darling, is this the woman you fancy?"
Kenzo had never said anything like that to Brielle. He'd lost the chance to admit his feelings long ago. The only thing he'd ever told her was, "Thank you for the candy apple." Those words meant way more than just liking her.
Brielle, who had been trying to rest, was startled by the door opening and a strange woman's voice. The woman's tone was lazy and indifferent, like she didn't care about anything.
Brielle heard footsteps coming closer and stopping right next to her. Then someone lifted her chin, turning her face from side to side.
"She's pretty. I've seen her before," Irene said, smiling as she let go of Brielle's chin. "Honey, you can go ahead. I'll give you ten minutes to think it over, just like my father gave me." Irene pulled out a gun and laid a thin throwing knife next to it. "Do you want to use the gun or the knife?"
Brielle stayed silent. She couldn't see the woman in front of her and knew that saying anything could make things worse.
Irene stepped back and left the weapons on the floor for Kenzo to choose. Kenzo walked over, leaning down to look at Brielle's face.
"Irene, step back a bit," he said.
"Why? Afraid I'll get blood on me?" she asked.
"Yes," he replied.
Irene laughed and walked to the door, crossing her arms. "Darling, you've got ten minutes. Don't let me down."
Kenzo picked up the thin knife. He'd noticed how much Irene treasured it. She only took it off the night they were together; otherwise, it was always on her wrist. She said it was made by the best craftsman in Beaconsfield, and she probably wasn't lying. The knife was as thin as a wing and incredibly flexible. 
Kenzo held it carefully, the blade almost cutting his palm. Irene narrowed her eyes slightly.
"Be careful, darling. That knife is very sharp."
Kenzo didn't reply. He focused on Brielle's face, his fingertips gently touching her chin and cheek. Brielle felt violated and tried to turn her head, but a sudden force on her chin made her wince in pain. "Brielle," he called out.
Brielle pressed her lips together, but
the sharp pain made her mouth
open. She felt something cold on her lips. From the doorway, Irene watched as Kenzo pushed the knife into Brielle's mouth without hesitation. Then, a piece of flesh
ΛΟ
was cut away. 
Brielle passed out, her mouth full of blood. Kenzo, holding the knife, let her go and slowly stood up. He didn't look at the piece of flesh on the ground but walked toward the door.
"That's enough for today," he said, his tone indifferent as he handed the bloodied blade back to Irene. "Sorry for the mess."
Irene glanced at the blood on the knife, a slight frown on her face. "It's okay. I'm willing to give you time. Once you've calmed down, we can try again."
She held the knife and left even
before Kenzo. The room was filled
with the strong smell of blood. Kenzo didn't look back at the unconscious Brielle. He closed the door behind him, and someone
locked it as he walked away. 
###Chapter 1167
His fingers were stained with the metallic scent of blood, a smell so strong it felt like it was seeping out of the room.
Brielle lay there, her chin down to her chest covered in streaks of crimson.
The guards outside couldn't help but peek through the window, shaking their heads in disbelief.
"Did you hear? The one inside, with their tongue cut out, was Mr. Kenzo's true love."
"No way. If Mr. Kenzo had someone he loved, why would Ms. Irene marry him?"
"Come on, Ms. Irene's got her own lineup of lovers. Their marriage is clearly about more than just love. She probably admires Mr. Kenzo's ruthless streak. Remember, she killed her own lover back in the day." "Shh, don't talk about that."
And with that, they fell silent.
Inside, Brielle was still unconscious.
Kenzo walked back to his old room, his fingertips trembling slightly. Whatever he did in there was a mystery to everyone else.
Irene, holding a throwing knife, headed to a darkened house and placed the knife in a sterilization unit. Only when the bloodstains began to vanish did she let out a sigh of relief, as if the knife couldn't bear to be tainted for long. Behind her, Jaired toyed with a cigarette, exhaling smoke slowly. He wasn't standing straight anymore but leaned casually against the wall, watching Irene clean the knife.
After retrieving the knife from the unit, Irene carefully dried it with a silk scarf - the same one she wore on her wedding night.
Satisfied with the knife's cleanliness, she sheathed it in a special holster on her wrist.
"Jaired, are you hurt?"
Jaired raised an eyebrow, flicking his cigarette into a nearby trash can.
"Yeah, their influence is strong. Without royal help, if the Lynch family teams up with other clans, we're toast."
"Jaired, I know you're worried about the organization, but if they really come after us, we've got plenty of hostages. It won't be that simple."
She gently touched the bracelet-like
holster on her wrist. "The organization's been around for years. I've been calling everyone back these past few days. We're in this together." 
en FindNovel
"Irene, you're oversimplifying things. Dustin and King won't care about the details or other people's lives. They just want Brielle alive." Irene chuckled, her eyes curving into crescents.
"That's even better, isn't it?"
Jaired didn't respond, just silently lit another cigarette.
Irene looked at him, then extended her hand as if to touch him but stopped a few inches away.
"There's no turning back now. This is what I've always wanted to do. My father trusted me the most."
She withdrew her hand, pulling out a cigarette. Realizing she didn't have a lighter, she placed the cigarette in her mouth, leaned over Jaired, and lit her from his. After taking a puff, she blew out a ring of smoke 
QUMS
Jaired remained silent, his brows knitted as if holding back immense discomfort.
She took a few deep drags from the cigarette, finishing it in less than a minute, then tossed it aside, coughing slightly.
"Jaired, aren't you going to check on Ms. Alivia?"
Jaired's hand paused mid-air.
Irene seemed to recover, smiling. "Those guys have energy to spare. If Ms. Alivia doesn't adapt, she might really end up dead. Maybe you should check on her?" Jaired stayed quiet, just watching her.
Irene waved her hand dismissively.
"Looks like Dustin and his crew will be here soon. I better get going. Plus, my husband seemed a bit off just now; probably needs some comforting." 
Jaired stood still, his voice hoarse. "Go ahead."
###Chapter 1168
When Irene stepped out of the dimly-lit room, the sky was already streaked with hues of dusky orange and purple, signaling the close of day.
A messenger ran up to her, panting with urgency. "We've got intel. Dustin's making some major moves."
"And it looks like someone tried to ambush Mr. Kenzo. They missed and fled, but Mr. Kenzo's hurt."
Irene's eyebrow arched as she quickened her pace, her loyal follower trailing closely behind. After a few steps, she suddenly asked, "Any word on Sarah?"
"Ms. Irene, still nothing. It's strange, considering our tight security. No idea how they slipped through."
Irene didn't reply, instead casting a glance back towards the dark room they had just left. "Alright, let's get everyone fired up. Those who want to make history, those itching for chaos, it's time to gear up."
Her words electrified the crowd around her. They were all outlaws, wanted by various nations, hungry for the thrill of rebellion. The promise of a showdown had them buzzing with excitement.
A smirk curled on Irene's lips. She knew Dustin and his crew wouldn't drop bombs from the sky. The base, strategically located at the juncture of several countries, couldn't risk that kind of commotion. An explosion would definitely get the neighbors' attention. No, this would be a firefight or close combat. And her people were experts at both.
Back in her room, Irene found Kenzo waiting, seemingly unbothered by the assassination attempt. He was casually reading, his face a bit paler but his calm demeanor unchanged.
"Honey, where are you hurt?" she asked.
Kenzo turned a page, glancing at the twilight outside. "The organization's tied to the crown, but will the royals actually get involved?"
"Does it really matter?" Irene shot back. "We chose this path, no turning back. Haven't I treated you well? I'm all in, ready to go crazy with you."
She nestled into his arms, leaning up for a kiss. Kenzo stayed stoic, his response to her kiss detached but not unkind.
Gasping for breath, Irene squinted
up at him. "Arthur's been looking for
a reason to come after me. If not
now, the later. We're doing what all
the world can't accept. We're outcasts here, nothing to lose. But you, darling, when will you make
your move against Brielle 
Her fingers traced lazy circles on his chest. "Among us, you're the only one with ties. The rest of us are free."
"What about Jaired?" Kenzo asked, pulling her closer.
Silence hung between them before Irene whispered, "He's different from us. Born with nothing to lose."
With that, she pushed him onto the bed. "Let's make the most of the time we have left."
Soon, the room was filled with the sounds of their passion.
Jaired arrived just then, pausing at the door before deciding to walk away.
Over at the castle, Dustin and King were mapping out their strategy. The atmosphere was tense, nobody sure what tricks the organization's lunatics might pull.
They were united by the promise of sharing the Lynch family's spoils and the lucrative deals offered by their wealthy backers. Taking down the organization meant dividing the bounty among themselves. 
King held Isaac close, perhaps seeking comfort in the child's presence Isaac, usually
uncomfortable in crowded settings, listened intently this time. He
alive. 
needed to know if Brie still
He hoped she was.
###Chapter 1169
"The location of this base is pretty genius, tucked right where three countries meet. No one dares to drop a bomb here," Dustin said with a hint of sarcasm, turning to give orders to his team.
"Make sure they memorize those routes. That way, no matter which side runs into them first, they can get backup quickly."
There was no time to waste. Since the other side hadn't yet used his mother and sister as leverage, it was time to strike and see what the situation was. If something happened to his mother and sister, then that place wouldn't need to exist anymore. Over a hundred people who had been seated now stood up, ready to depart. Countless helicopters were parked at a private airfield not far from the castle, taking off one after another.
King held Isaac close, feeling uneasy. After a while, when he saw Dustin approaching, he put Isaac down.
"Buddy, you stay here and wait for daddy to come back, okay? Be good. Noir will stay with you. We'll be back in no more than two days."
Isaac didn't say anything, just looked up at King. King sighed and crouched down, gently stroking his head.
"You know you can't come. It's too dangerous this time."
Isaac nodded, finally managing to say, "Come back soon."
King nodded, playfully scruffing Isaac's nose. "It's late, go to sleep with Noir."
Isaac went upstairs with Noir, looking back every few steps. Only when the child's figure had disappeared did King turn coldly and follow Dustin to the waiting helicopters.
Dustin's expression was even colder than King's. After all, King had been through conflicts in places like Saudi Arabia and was used to gunfire and violence, to paving his way with the bodies of others. Moreover, he had always been keen on removing obstacles for Max, finding killing to be all too easy.
Dustin, although having fought vicious battles in the business world, faced a different kind of war, one without visible bloodshed and sacrifice. The night was destined to be restless, with inevitable losses on both sides. To get his mother and sister back, Dustin was willing to go to such lengths.
The helicopters took off with a roar. The castle estate was so vast that even the simultaneous departure of many helicopters didn't stir any public discussion-they were simply out of sight. The specifics of the base's location were already in everyone's hands.
Dustin assembled his gun on the flight, noticing King had already prepared his, a deep concern in his eyes.
"Little guy will be fine. I've got a feeling that the organization's actions this time are a bit odd."
"I know. It's like they're waiting for an opportunity for destruction."
Since the organization's existence was to collude with the North American royalty in secret, as long as they didn't cause trouble, the royalty would keep them safe in the shadows. Decades of planning had been endured. The very existence of that place was to gather a bunch of desperadoes to do dirty work in exchange for money, under the guise of serving a noble cause. 
Their failed attempts at securing diamonds and oil didn't stop them from continuing their existence there. Continuing to brainwash followers in the name of Jesus. But why the sudden change of heart this time? What was the new leader up to, and what was his end goal?
The uncertainty was unsettling.
The first wave of helicopters had just landed at the mountain base when explosions suddenly erupted from the ground. Dustin and King's eyelashes trembled simultaneously in disbelief as they looked down. The first few helicopters to descend were instantly turned into wreckage by the unexpected explosion.
An explosion in such a tri-border area would attract the attention of several countries. Was the organization aiming to provoke an international manhunt?
Dustin squinted his eyes, but at this
point, there was no turning back for
anyone. And this wasn't their fault. Arthur had intended to use them to eliminate Irene and pin all the blame on her. But it seemed Irene had anticipated this move, choosing to self-destruct first and draw the attention of several countries. Border explosions meant the military forces of the countries involved would soon arrive. 
"King! Hurry!"
Going up against three major powers, no matter how skilled they were, would be suicidal.
###Chapter 1170
King hit the ground running, following the path Max's team had scouted earlier. The air was thick with the sounds of footsteps and explosions echoing all around. The higher he climbed, the darker his expression became. The madness of these people went beyond his wildest expectations. Time was running out. Border forces would soon arrive, and if they didn't retreat before that, they'd be clashing with multiple countries.
King spared no one who crossed his path, his resolve as solid as steel.
Another explosion thundered, and he instinctively dove for cover, feeling the ground quake beneath him. Paying no mind to those behind him, he pressed on towards his destination.
At the mountain's base, the two factions clashed. The organization's members fought with a desperation that bordered on madness, their eyes wild with the knowledge that this incident would draw international attention. Mr. Kenzo and Ms. Irene were right; this was their shot at making history.
Brainwashed to the core, the members followed Ms. Irene's orders without question. And Mr. Kenzo's as well.
Halfway up, King stopped dead in his tracks. He finally understood why the explosions were concentrated at the mountain's base-it was the perfect trigger for a landslide, a disaster far more terrifying than any attack. Even as the ground shifted beneath him, King's focus remained unshaken.
Reaching the summit, he found the compound in chaos, shaking on its foundations. Some had parachuted in, landing amidst a fierce battle with the organization's members.
King's only thought was to find Brielle. He searched every corner, even as the ground continued to tremble. If the landslide expanded, the entire area would be swept away, leaving no survivors.
"Brielle!" he shouted, but his voice was lost amidst the cacophony of gunfire.
Irene cut down everyone in her way, wiping her blood-stained dagger on a red scarf.
Kenzo, witnessing the carnage around her, saw for the first time the extent of her ferocity. Irene was far stronger than anyone had anticipated.
"Darling, am I not formidable?" she asked, her face smeared with blood yet radiating a chilling beauty.
Kenzo, skilled in combat himself, realized he had never seen a woman of such caliber before.
"Darling, from now on, don't leave my sight, or I'll be cross," she warned, the dagger in her hand an extension of her will.
Irene wiped the blood from her
cheek, locking eyes with King as he
entered the room. She raised an eyebrow, recognizing a significant threat but chose not to engage merely observing as he moved on. 
Laughing softly, she leaned against a pillar, the ground beneath her beginning to shift. They had mere minutes before the landslide would carry everything away. 
Kenzo grabbed her wrist, urging, "Let's go."
But Irene hesitated, her gaze fixed- on the helicopters battling overhead. Debris was falling and exploding upon impact, accelerating the landslide's onset. 
The alarm blaring in her ears was a warning from the neighboring countries.
"Darling, we have two minutes. Do we go after Brielle or not?" she asked, her resolve unshaken.
Kenzo remained silent.
Sighing, Irene gripped her dagger and stepped forward, only to be halted by Jaired, who grabbed her wrist firmly. "Irene, enough," he pleaded.
With a swift motion, her dagger sliced a fine cut across Jaired's cheek, a thin line that began to bleed profusely.
For a moment, Irene's aggression faded, and she stared blankly at the blood trickling down.
Jaired released her, his eyes brimming with tears.
"It's enough."
###Chapter 1171
Irene stayed quiet, the blaring alarms echoing around her. She glanced down at the switchblade in her hand. The world seemed to tilt beneath her, the crashing planes exploding like fireworks in the night sky.
She wiped the blade silently, surveying the hell she had created.
Rain poured harder, making the alarms even more piercing.
She stood tall, unyielding.
Kenzo was gone, vanished without a trace. Irene, distracted for just a moment, hadn't noticed him leave.
Jaired knelt before her.
"It's my fault."
"Enough."
Irene managed a small smile, dabbing at the blood on his cheek with her fingertip, then tasting it on her lips. Salty.
"Brielle! Brielle!"
King was still searching through the chaos, but no one knew where Brielle was being held. He burst into a basement, hoping to find her there. Instead, he found a woman, wary and watchful.
King didn't get a good look at her face and quickly retreated when he realized she wasn't Brielle, throwing over his shoulder, "Get out now, or you're dead." As he slammed the basement door behind him, the roar outside grew louder.
Sarah thought she recognized him, but there wasn't time to think. She had to escape.
King frantically searched every room for Brielle, his heart racing.
The international alarms grew louder, voices in several languages demanding a cease-fire, threatening indiscriminate retaliation.
It was only then that King remembered the woman he had seen, rushing back.
"Mom."
He called, grabbing Sarah's wrist and dragging her towards his helicopter.
"Take her and go!"
At the word "Mom," Sarah froze, disbelief in her eyes.
No, it couldn't be her son. Her son had no need for plastic surgery.
Confused, she thought the boy must have mistaken her for someone else, but before she could react,
pushed into the helicopter wax
"Brielle! Brielle!"
King was desperate now.
Brielle thought she heard someone calling her name, but she was too disoriented, her mouth tasting of blood.
But the blood wasn't hers.
She felt herself being carried, unsure of where they were going.
Kenzo was carrying her, his other hand clutching the barely alive Myles.
"Cough, cough, cough."
Brielle coughed weakly.
Kenzo stiffened momentarily but kept moving.
The rain soaked them through; he was drenched, and so was Brielle, but she knew who was holding her. "Put me down!"
She demanded coldly, struggling fiercely.
But Kenzo, already burdened with Myles, couldn't control Brielle's desperate writhing.
Brielle hit the ground, the blindfold ripped from her eyes, and her pupils shrank at the chaos around them.
Her mouth filled with the taste of blood, the nauseating feeling of being force-fed still churning incher stomach, her lips and teeth coated with the taste of iron. 
When that thin knife was pressed to her mouth, she truly thought her tongue would be cut out.
But the pain never came; instead, Kenzo had cut flesh from his own wrist, using it as a makeshift tongue.
Because it was all so bloody, no one looked closely enough to see what it was.
Perhaps in a bid for realism, he had forced blood into her mouth and then knocked her out.
Brielle lay on the ground, wanting to vomit, but feeling like there was nothing to expel.
Kenzo set Myles down and spoke coldly.
"Hypnotize her."
Myles was pale, having already endured torture himself. At Kenzo's words, he let out a weak chuckle. "Hypnotize her with what?"
Kenzo looked down, his hands
cradling Brielle's face, his eyes wild
with a dark, unseen depth,
Voice
belongs to en.kikistorin
hoarse, "Make her love
###Chapter 1172
Myles wanted to burst into laughter, but the pain wracking his body snuffed out any trace of humor.
"Kenzo, have you lost your mind? Where's that calm and collected facade now?"
Ah, but that was a mistake to say. Hadn't Kenzo been mad the moment he stepped into this mess?
A dangerous glint passed through Kenzo's eyes as he gripped Myles' throat. "I'm not in the mood for chitchat. Hypnotize her, and I'll let you go."
Myles paled, days of torture having brought him back to harsh reality. He realized he wasn't the King; he was just Myles, a hypnotist. No matter how closely he mimicked, it was all just a poor imitation. He wasn't the King, not the oil baron with power over storms, just a shadow, easily overlooked.
And his obsession with Brielle? Was it just to mimic more convincingly, knowing the King's obsession with her, or had he hypnotized himself into this fixation?
As a top-tier hypnotist, this was a testament to his skill but also his folly. A grave misstep. That's why many in this line of work ended up in asylums.
"Make her love me, now!" Kenzo's voice was hoarse as he threw Myles to the ground. Myles landed awkwardly, one leg scraped to the bone from the torture. He was lucid now, wanting only to survive. The situation was dire; any further delay, and they might not make it out alive.
Brielle, tied up, winced from the pain in her stomach, her face deathly pale. "Kenzo, how could you become this?" she asked.
Kenzo looked down at her, his gaze dark and stormy. Who else to blame but her for his transformation? It was she who had willingly walked into this.
Myles approached Brielle, took a deep breath, and said, "Alright, I'll hypnotize her."
Brielle quickly closed her eyes, refusing to look at anyone. Hypnosis required the subject's willingness, and initially, Brielle had cooperated with Myles. But now, her resistance was clear. Kenzo's tone was cold yet oddly gentle. "If you insist on resisting, then your mother, Sarah, won't survive."
Brielle stiffened, her eyes snapping open. Kenzo slowly crouched, his fingers tracing her lips. "I actually wanted to kill you myself, but I can't seem to do it, Brielle. Why can't I?" Brielle sneered. "Kenzo, spare me the disgust."
Kenzo had an unattended wound on his wrist, a token of his physical manifestation of his turmoil. "Your sentiments are touching only to yourself. They mean nothing to me."
This was Brielle. Kenzo chuckled, unable to take his eyes off her. He had played so many roles over the years, yet now, he felt he couldn't continue his act before her. "Brielle, cooperate with the hypnosis, or I'll kill Sarah right now."
Brielle's response was cold, "Fine, I'll cooperate."
The environment turned even more hostile. Myles was about to start the hypnosis when the ground beneath them began to shift, though slowly. Just as Myles locked eyes with Brielle, the ground slipped from under him, sending him tumbling down. 
A landslide had started. Despite the minimal water, the soil was collapsing. There was no time for hypnosis!
A rock rolled down the mountain,
followed by a piercing alarm, heading straight for them. Kenzo, almost instinctively, shielded Brielle, placing himself in front of her. But Brielle wouldn't have it. She pushed him aside, taking the brunt of the rock's impact herself. 
Her head throbbed, the world around her blurring. She refused to owe this man anything more, to accept his misguided gestures of affection. Love can't be forced, bound, or justified by unilateral sacrifice or self pity. 
Brielle's defiance was like a sharp knife, piercing straight through Kenzo's heart. Then someone grabbed Kenzo by the collar, landing a solid punch on his face. He knew who it was, merely looking up with a wry smile. "It's better this way, all dead."
King was trembling, pulling out a gun and pressing it to Kenzo's head, finger on the trigger. But the gun clicked empty. Furious, he landed another punch. Blood tinged Kenzo's smile as he simply raised an eyebrow.
###Chapter 1173
King's clothes were drenched by the relentless rain, the bloodstains washed away. He coldly let Kenzo go, not wasting another second on him, and rushed over to Brielle, who lay unconscious. He cradled her close. Brielle's head was bleeding, and even as the rain washed it away, fresh crimson seeped through. King wanted to press down on the wound but couldn't figure out where it was exactly. His fingertips trembled uncontrollably. "Brielle?" he called out, but there was no response. King's eyes instantly reddened, holding her tightly against him.
From above, a ladder descended from the helicopter, and Dustin shouted, "Come on, hurry up!"
The ground beneath them was slipping away, soon to be engulfed by mud if they didn't get out of there immediately. King grabbed the ladder but realized in his panic that he lacked the strength to hold onto Brielle. He held her close, bit down hard on his tongue to regain some strength, and climbed the ladder with her in his arms.
Below, the conflict raged on, not just among their group and the organization but now with forces from neighboring countries involved, making it impossible to distinguish friend from foe.
Once inside the helicopter, King, eyes rimmed red, looked at Dustin. "Is she... is she dead? Can you feel her breath?"
Dustin's fingertips trembled too, the fear evident even among the two grown men. As Dustin felt the faintest breath from Brielle, his eyes welled up. "She's alive. Let's get out of here. The fight's escalated with other countries joining in; indiscriminate attacks make it too dangerous.'
Knowing Brielle was still alive, King's heart settled, and he buried his face in her neck, relieved. But then, the helicopter jolted. The battle below was fierce, compounded by the rain reducing visibility and gunfire erupting from all sides.
Mudslides began to erupt below,
transforming the area into a
veritable hell on earth. Helicopters in the sky engaged in dogfights, Dustin grabbing a gun and firing at the assailants in other helicopters. But their helicopter had been hit, the glass shattering, the rotors screeching ominously. 
King held Brielle tightly, refusing to think of anything else. If they were to die here, they'd die together.
The helicopter soon crashed into the mudslide, with large trees smashing onto it. If the tree turned over without anything to support them, they would be dragged down by the mud, certain death awaiting.
King pushed Brielle towards Dustin.
"Bro, take her and go." He braced himself against the falling tree, his chest aching. Memories of using his arm to block a falling beam suddenly flashed through his mind, his body stiffening. The situation was eerily similar to that time.
Memories concerning Max flooded
in. 
Brielle, semi-conscious, opened her eyes to see the man buried halfway, her body freezing. Struck by a stone, her head filled with painful, confusing memories, feeling almost at the brink of explosion, but instinctively, she reached out and grabbed King's hand.
"Max," she uttered, her head throbbing with pain.
King remained silent, realizing that even in the face of death, she thought of Max. Always Max. In her world, he was superfluous. Even amidst the chaos of life and death, he couldn't elicit a word of affection, of care from her.
Brielle's head hurt too much to
ponder over anything else. The most
sel.r
vivid, painful memory was of letting go of him in a fire, only to realize that without him, living was more tormenting than death. This time, no matter what, she wouldn't let go. If they were to die, they'd die together. 
She clung to King's hand, her hair plastered to her cheeks, appearing fragile and pale. "King," she called, not Max. "Together, we leave or live."
###Chapter 1174
King felt like a gong had been struck inside his head, staring at her in disbelief.
The brief flicker of panic in Brielle's eyes had vanished, replaced by a cool calmness.
The mudslide raged on, the massive tree threatening to topple over.
King lowered his lashes, lips pressed together, looking almost pitiful.
"Who were you calling out to just now?"
His voice was rough, her hand gripping his tightly.
"King, don't let go."
King managed a small smile, his fingers intertwining with hers. "Alright."
He had thought she despised him with every fiber of her being, yet here she was, willing to risk it all to keep him alive.
None of them moved; it was as if life and death no longer held any meaning.
The piercing alarms continued to wail, but the chaos around them seemed distant, irrelevant.
The whir of helicopter blades cut through the air again, and a helicopter hovered above them.
Raymond poked his head out, his brow furrowed in frustration.
"What are you all waiting for?!"
Another helicopter, with Sarah aboard, approached and lowered a ladder.
Dustin was the first to snap out of it, a flash of relief crossing his face.
He wrapped an arm around Brielle and grabbed King with the other.
As the tree came crashing down, he and King took the brunt of the force together, shielding Brielle. Fortunately, since they were clinging to the ladder, they weren't swept away by the powerful current - otherwise, they would've been goners. Brielle was well-protected, but a previous blow to her head by a rock left her dazed and confused.
Together, the two men lifted Brielle up to safety.
Once inside the helicopter, King could no longer focus on anything else, holding Brielle tightly, his voice thick with emotion. "Brielle."
Amidst the blaring sirens and the chaos of gunfire and turbulent lands, his voice was especially tender.
"You called out my name just now, didn't you?"
Brielle looked at his face, wanting to respond, but the pain in her head was too much, and she passed out. King held her even closer, refusing to let go.
The helicopters didn't come under attack; upon closer look, one could see a large chess piece symbol
emblazoned on both hers.
This was the flag of the International Coalition.
King nuzzled his face against Brielle's neck, a smile creeping onto his lips.
From the other helicopter, Raymond watched the man, his expression darkening.
Raymond was aware of Brielle's relationship with Max, but he had no idea about the dual personality.
So, in his eyes, it was Max being overly affectionate with Brielle.
He snorted and turned his head away, signaling the pilot to speed up.
Sitting opposite King, Sarah appeared calm, but a closer look revealed her trembling fingertips.
Not just her fingertips, but her heart was also quivering, her mind replaying that one word, "Mom." Son-in-law?
Her daughter's boyfriend?
How could this be?!
King, oblivious to the others, continued to hold Brielle, the smile on his lips persistent.
She had called out his name.
She wanted to live alongside him.
But then, his smile faded slightly, pondering if it was because if he died, Max would too.
His eyes grew moist, yet he didn't let go.
The helicopter made its way to the hospital.
All the while, governments from several nations were already aware of the situation.
Dustin and King, being the heads of two major corporations, were virtually walking gold mines. If these countries got any dirt on them, the diamond and oil resources would be exploited even more. 
But the area was hit by a mudslide. accompanied by a wildfire that
seemed to come out t
creating chaos that could burn everything to ashes. 
###Chapter 1175
The compound was sinking, slow but sure. People scattered, running for their lives. Irene found a spot to shelter from the rain, knowing the compound wouldn't hold much longer. The surrounding buildings were already being swallowed by the chaos. In the face of nature's wrath, humanity seemed so small. Leaning against a pillar, Irene didn't care if it might collapse on her, ending her life right there. She looked up, exhaling a puff of smoke, watching the rain and the churning mud with a wry smile. Jaired hadn't left either, gripping her wrist tightly. "Jaired, won't you go check on Ms. Alivia? Such a precious person, suffering so."
Jaired was drenched, rain and mud mixing on his skin. He crouched, pulling her into his arms. "Let's get out of here."
But Irene shrugged off his hand, smiling, "I'm not leaving. As long as this place stands, so do I."
"Are you out of your mind, Irene!" Jaired's cheek was slashed, bleeding, making him look quite the mess. Seeing Irene just sitting there made his eyes well up with tears. "Please," he begged. "Jaired, I begged you the same, ten years ago. You didn't listen."
Irene took another drag from her cigarette, her mind drifting back. Two decades ago, the Riddle family's matriarch was about to give birth in North America and ended up having conjoined twins. Such a rarity would have made headlines worldwide, potentially hindering the patriarch's career advancement.
Luckily, Irene's father knew a surgeon skilled and discreet enough for the job, a member of their organization. Separating the twins was risky; one was not expected to survive and was left on the operating table. The other, taken back to the Riddle family, was hailed as the young master.
The one left behind, Jaired, was miraculously saved and grew up trained as a secret weapon by the organization, known only by the code "001" indicating he was the ace up their sleeve. Irene and 001 trained together, enduring the world's harshest regimes. As her father's only daughter, she was expected to lead the organization with an iron fist, devoid of emotions. 
At fifteen, on a mission, 001 encountered Jaired. Neither knew of their shared past, only feeling a strange connection upon seeing
each other's faces. Their secret net
meetings were unknown to all, even Irene, who harbored feelings for 001, knowing well she could never act on them as the organization's leader. 
Jaired and 001 looked alike but lived contrasting lives; one in the shadows, the other in a world of privilege. They envied each other's lives, secretly swapping places to experience what the other had.
On her eighteenth birthday, Irene faced the tradition of selecting a male consort to rid her of any romantic notions, focusing solely on physical pleasure. But her heart yearned for 001, wishing to give herself to him. Yet it was Jaired who showed up that night, seeking thrill in the darkness.
Jaired had no interest in Irene,
remaining unmoved by her pleas, even when Colton and several consorts arrived, exposing Irene's vulnerability. Jaired's world lacked desire, so when 001 returned from his mission, he found Irene entangled with Colton and others, a sight that twisted their fates irreversibly. 
###Chapter 1176
In Irene's case, it was a twisted kind of self-sabotage. She'd even gone as far as drugging herself, offering herself up to Agent 001 on a silver platter. But 001, far from being interested, had just sneered and let other men in through the door. Realizing this filled her with shame.
But she was destined to be the future leader of the base, the one to take control of everything here. Such minor setbacks were nothing to her.
Her father was right; the challenges she'd face as a leader would dwarf this incident. After all, she wasn't physically hurt.
When the bizarre ordeal was over, and she woke up, 001 was kneeling at the foot of her bed, respectfully calling her "Leader."
At that moment, Irene struggled to control her emotions. She had learned how to kill without batting an eye but hadn't mastered how to handle the current situation. Furious, she slapped him across the face.
001 was left dazed, blood trailing from the corner of his mouth.
"Get out."
"Get out!"
001's eyelashes fluttered as he left, eyes reddened.
Afterward, her father praised her, saying that a woman in her position needed to be ruthless. Her physical prowess was already superior to most men, and coupled with her striking beauty, she was a walking weapon.
Her father remarked on how unexpectedly brave she was to pursue Colton, his right-hand man and a crucial pawn in his plans. Colton, despite his ambitions, had never been romantically involved with anyone. That one night with her, however, had made him utterly devoted.
To Irene, 001 represented a rare spark of life in her otherwise dark destiny. But that spark was now extinguished, along with those foolish, girlish fantasies.
She convinced herself not to care about the trivialities of romantic encounters, yet she couldn't persuade herself to stop hating 001.
Unbeknownst to her at the time, 001 had a conjoined twin brother, a secret he kept closely guarded in the base where any knowledge could be lethal.
On the night of her eighteenth birthday, when she officially became the leader, she specifically assigned 001 to the most dangerous missions, secretly hoping for his demise yet also wanting him to survive. It was a torment she inflicted upon herself. When her father was captured by a foreign power, she sent 001 on a seemingly impossible rescue mission.
Rationally, abandoning her father would have been the wisest decision, one her father would have made himself. But she couldn't let go, and as she lay with Colton, she ordered 001 into what she believed was certain death.
001 stood outside, waiting until she was finished, then knelt at her feet.
In that moment, Irene found herself unable to look at him.
Since becoming the leader, she had
sent him on 99 dangerous missions,
more withdrawn each time. Gone were the days when he would
all of which he survived, beGo get."
brightly address her as "Miss." Now, he only referred to her as "Leader" with a suppressed voice. 
He didn't understand why she suddenly targeted him. On his eighteenth birthday, after completing his mission and returning, he had planned to give her
a present, only to be greeted by such a seene. 
It seemed like an elaborate birthday gift prepared by the old leader for the young miss.
From a young age, they were taught to be devoid of emotions, and he had always known that upon the miss turning eighteen, the leader would choose a consort for her.
He had hoped it would be him.
He had even cautiously inquired with the old leader, who told him that for Ms. Irene, it didn't matter who it was.
So the promise she made at twelve, to choose him as her consort when she came of age, was just a child's naive words.
He believed it, nonetheless.
Facing a mission with almost certain death, he knew it would be the last time he saw her.
He didn't leave as usual but waited until the affairs behind the curtains concluded, then knelt at her feet.
"Leader, are you sure about sending me?" he asked, unable to express affection.
"Are you defying my orders?" she retorted, her gaze even colder.
Lowering his head further, he presented a gift.
"Agent 001 wouldn't dare. This is the
birthday gift ve wanted to give you since the night you came of age, fearing there would be no other chance. I hope you accept it. It took me a long time to find a retired craftsman." 
It was a sleek throwing knife with a custom sheath that could be wrapped around the wrist.
Mentioning that night was a trigger for Irene.
She took the knife, carelessly tossing it aside.
"Get out."
He obediently left, never to return.
Not even his body was found.
###Chapter 1177
The year both my dad and 001 disappeared, I was only nineteen.
One evening at the base, I came across a face that looked just like 001's-it was Jaired.
Jaired had no idea 001 had died. He was simply confused about why his brother had stopped contacting him. Thrown into the team, he found his days endlessly dull. And then, he saw Irene.
But when Irene looked at him, her emotions burst out in a mix of tears and laughter. She joyfully asked how he could still be alive.
Jaired and Irene weren't close. He had only seen her a few times while pretending to be 001 to infiltrate the base.
One of those times was the night she became the leader.
He wasn't interested in her, despite her beauty.
That night, while pretending to be 001, the old leader mentioned picking a few guys for the lovely lady, and she had agreed, even drinking some special concoction.
So when she knelt before him, begging, Jaired was shocked. He thought she was delirious from the potion and mistook him for one of the chosen men.
Of course, he left. She wasn't his type. The men she wanted were right outside, weren't they?
That night, Irene learned there were two 001s. And the one who rejected her wasn't the one she yearned for, marking the second time she cried. The first was the night she was rejected. In her life, she had only cried for 001.
She cast aside her leader's cold and stoic demeanor, frantically questioning Jaired.
"Why did you come that night? Why didn't you tell me you were Jaired? And why did you open that door? Even if you had waited a few minutes for 001 to arrive, it would have been better."
"Do you know, this past year, I sent him on a hundred missions. He survived ninety-nine and died on the last one. If only you had told me the truth before that, it would have made a difference."
Jaired, the cherished child of the Riddle family, was doted upon and held with high hopes by everyone. Born with everything, he never really longed for anything. Achieving success with ease in the team even before adulthood, he found these victories bland and uninteresting.
Meeting 001, he discovered an exciting life he never knew existed, unaware that what he scorned was what 001 had strived for his whole life but could never achieve.
Jaired was the first to suggest
swapping lives, a game he found
endlessly entertaining. The constraints he faced in the Riddle family seemed to vanish here, freeing his true nature. He thought he should have been the one left behind, and 001 should have become the Riddle family's promising young lord. 
But he never anticipated his thrill-seeking nature would ruin two lives. He forced Irene to mature, to abandon her emotions and become a ruthless leader, with only her dagger for company. He forced his twin brother to endure pain, to undertake deadly missions arranged by the one he loved, never to return. 
Jaired's sins were too numerous to atone for. His mind buzzed, Irene's heart-wrenching sobs and accusations echoing in his ears. For the first time, Jaired felt true panic, an emotion foreign to him. Exhausted from crying, Irene released his collar, her voice hoarse, "From now on, you're my 001, you're my Jaired."
Jaired couldn't argue. He couldn't repay the debt he owed. A simple apology was never going to be enough.
He truly became her Jaired, watching as she became increasingly merciless, yet he saw in her a despair so profound it bordered on madness.
"Jaired, isn't this what you like? Watching others in pain, watching them tear themselves apart?"
This was Jaired's dark secret, the side of him he hated to confront. His rise in the team was fueled by his ruthlessness, the thrill he found in others' torment. But as a Riddle, such emotions were disgraceful, so he had to mask them, pretending to be normal.
Normal people fall in love, so he
displayed affection for Alivia, even genuinely feeling swayed by her at times. Of course, he liked her, but more so he liked seeing her in
distress, plotting against oth net
relished witnessing such vile
He
displays. Thus, when Alivia fell from grace, her allure for him Vanished with her desperation.
"Jaired, you're to replace 001, always by my side. You're the one who grew up with me, you owe me and him, a debt you'll never fully repay."
This became Irene's regular proclamation, always delivered with a smile.
###Chapter 1178
Irene often found herself mesmerized by his face, but she never reached out to touch him. Jaired, too, kept his distance. Between them was the lingering ghost of the tragically lost 001.
He watched as Irene descended into madness, her actions growing more erratic until she finally entangled herself with Kenzo. Jaired knew, from the night he learned the truth, that the Irene he once knew was gone; she had become a mere puppet.
In Kenzo, Irene found a kindred spirit, someone else willing to abandon their soul and become a marionette. Together, in their isolation, they found a twisted companionship. Kenzo, with his keen insight, saw right through her facade. They weren't heartless; they had simply agreed to embrace destruction.
So, they indulged in their final moments of pleasure, unopposed. Irene might have hesitated once, on the night she considered removing the switchblade from her wrist, pondering whether to stop her descent into chaos. But the next day, the blade was back on her wrist. She chose destruction because she couldn't forget 001. Kenzo, too, chose destruction, still yearning for Brielle.
In their mutual abandonment, they found an unexpected harmony. They played games, testing each other. Irene was grateful for Kenzo's presence; he was skilled, attractive, and a long-time acquaintance of Jaired's, which gave her the added satisfaction of irking Jaired. Kenzo, on the other hand, appreciated Irene, who, even as he made a deal with the devil and lost himself, aligned with his every thought. She didn't expose him even when she realized he had cut a piece of his own flesh.
When he hastily returned the blood-stained blade to her, she knew he couldn't bring himself to do it. Irene cleaned the blade in the dark room, sterilizing it over and over. She thought herself crazier than Kenzo. Kenzo couldn't kill Brielle, but she had personally killed 001. A hundred times. For ten years.
001's memory tormented her, leaving her trapped between humanity and specter. But now, the place that birthed this demon was to be destroyed. She had planted explosives, indifferent to whether it would trigger a landslide, only wanting to draw the attention of several nations. The indiscriminate military assault from these nations would ensure nothing remained, landslide or not. She was tired, so she embraced madness one last time.
Irene wanted to light a cigarette, to continue her habit as the storm raged around her, lightning illuminating her tears. "Jaired, it's been ten years, and I still remember. Is destroying this place the only way I'll forget?"
Jaired grasped her wrist, his voice hoarse with sorrow, "It's my fault."
Irene chuckled lightly, "You ask if it's enough. I feel it is now. I don't want to leave; I want to stay here. You go."
Her tone was indifferent, like the shelter they sought from the rain was about to collapse. "Okay, I'll go."
Jaired stood up, but as she bent to pick up her cigarette again, he knocked her out. Irene hadn't anticipated it, or perhaps, after hearing his agreement to leave, she had let her guard down, allowing him to succeed so easily.
With guilt-ridden eyes, Jaired carried
her through the crumbling compound. His guilt made him incapable of refusing any of Irene's commands, even if it meant killing Brielle. He owed it to her. But his guilt also led him to betray the
base's location to Max.
His request was simple; always tasked with dangerous missions, he wondered what would happen if he died like 001. He needed Max's power to ensure that, even in death, Irene would survive. Then, she wouldn't need to be a leader or remember 001.
As Jaired carried Irene away, he also
found Kenzo who had never
intended to survive. If he couldn't hypnotize Brielle into loving him, he'd rather they both die. But instinctively, he tried to protect her from falling debris, only to feel his heart shatter when Brielle pushed him away. 
Did he not understand love? Why was Max's coercion acceptable, but
not his own love? He was the first to
meet her yet at that moment, he a profound sadness and helplessness. If she loved him,4 He could overcome any obstacle, abandon everything-family,
felt
friendships. But her indifference left
him powerless. 
People said he was deep, but what had his depth achieved? He could have left in six months, but jealousy clouded his judgment. Given another chance, he would never accept that string of sugar-coated haws.
###Chapter 1179
The hell on earth showed no signs of letting up.
After the indiscriminate bombings by several powerful nations, they initially hoped to gather evidence. But the chaos was overwhelming, and a sudden mudslide spiraled out of control, barreling downhill in a frenzy. Everyone was running for their lives.
From the helicopter above, all you could see was churning mud and water, with the occasional tree breaking the surface.
The base was obliterated, with only the lucky survivors knowing what it used to be.
Even the mighty military forces of these nations were helpless against nature's fury.
The compound was reduced to rubble, then completely pulverized by natural forces, erasing any trace of its original state.
The base's downfall wasn't Dustin and King's doing; their conflict just sped up its destruction. Somebody had wanted it gone, badly. If not that night, then some night soon.
Irene was resolute; even in destruction, she intended to leave a message for the monarchy. The explosion at the base, with the bomb planted right at the North American border, meant the North American monarchy had to explain themselves.
So, by dawn, the international media turned to the North American royal family, hoping the current heir, Arthur, would shed some light on what happened on that mountain.
Arthur had only just been released by Dustin, initially planning to use Dustin's power to quietly eliminate the base, then whitewash its history and take over smoothly.
But now, with the base destroyed
and international suspicions of North American clandestine
research North America found itself in the hot seat. Meanwhile, the real ebot players, the Lynch family and Saudi Arabia, had made a clean getaway. 
Raymond, with his good international connections, had managed to borrow a helicopter from the international coalition early on. The flag hanging from the
helicopter meant that shooting
it
down would be an act of wa against the entire international community, allowing them to retreat
unscathed. 
Outside, the world was in turmoil over the mountain incident, with several countries already in heated discussions.
But at the hospital, it was surprisingly calm, everyone waiting for Brielle to wake up.
Dustin and King were also slightly injured, but nothing serious.
King sat by Brielle's bedside, refusing to let go of her hand. Sarah and Raymond sat nearby, watching him in silence. Anyone else would have felt uneasy under such scrutiny, but King was blissfully unaware.
Even when offering water, he smoothly called them "Mom, Dad," much to Raymond's irritation, his fists clenching on his knees. But with Brielle still unconscious, he had no choice but to swallow his annoyance.
Sarah, once a powerhouse in the financial world, now found herself at a loss with this new title. She could only muster an awkward smile.
King, completely oblivious in front of others, mistook their silence for acceptance and cheerfully awaited Brielle's awakening.
Brielle's head injury was severe, but the doctors assured there was no major concern, just a need for rest. Still, two days had passed, and she remained unconscious, her mind racing with strange, fragmented memories from that chaotic night. Faces were blurred, leaving her with an intense headache, as if her head might explode. 
When she finally woke, she felt someone holding her hand, fingers intertwined. Her eyelashes fluttered open, and she saw King, hunched over, meticulously trimming her nails, unaware she was awake. From her angle, she could only see his profile, his lashes casting shadows on his cheeks. His movements were careful, inspecting each trimmed nail before moving on to the next.
###Chapter 1180
Brielle's head was pounding before she even opened her eyes. Seeing him there just made her headache worse. She didn't say a word, just curled her fingertips slightly.
King noticed her movement and quickly set down the nail clippers. "Brielle, you're awake? How's the pain?"
He leaned in closer, perching on the edge of her hospital bed.
Brielle was still hooked up to an IV, but at least she didn't look as pale as before. She glared at the oblivious man beside her and frowned. "Move."
Her voice was soft, but her face went even paler.
King felt a chill run through him, his eyes reddening. Of course, when she called his name, it was only because she didn't want Max's body to die. Otherwise, her Max wouldn't come back.
He pursed his lips as he heard her speak again. "If you don't move, I'm really going to die. You're sitting on my IV tube."
King, who had never cared for anyone before, hadn't noticed the IV tube. Seeing blood flowing back into it, he quickly moved aside, settling back into the chair with a sigh of relief.
Brielle glanced around, noticing the room was empty.
"They all went to rest. Mom and Dad have been here for two days straight. Mom was previously detained at the base and isn't in great shape, so I stayed here waiting for you. Your brother Dustin got some minor injuries, but the Lynch family needs him for some cleanup, so he's busy."
Brielle breathed a sigh of relief. Everyone was still around, which was good.
She turned to King. "What about you? Are you hurt?"
She didn't notice his use of "Mom and Dad," so she didn't correct him.
King smiled slightly. "No, just some scrapes on my back from blocking that tree, but I've applied some ointment. It's nothing serious."
Brielle finally relaxed completely. She wanted to ask about Myles, Kenzo, and Jaired, but just thinking of them made her complexion sour.
She and Kenzo had already settled
their differences. He didn't cut her tongue, but he did have her captured putting her in danger. She owed him nothing. The rock, she had blocked it herself, owing him nothing as well. So whether he was dead or alive, she felt no burden in her heart. 
As for Myles, for some reason, when Myles was about to hypnotize her, she had a strong resonance in her mind.
She raised her hand to massage her temples, and King, thinking her head hurt, quickly reached out to rub her temples for her. "How does it feel?"
"Like my head's going to explode. Feels like there's some strange memory, but I can't see the faces clearly. Probably need to rest up to remember." She responded without thinking, not noticing King's body stiffen.
Brielle, her headache intensifying, closed her eyes again. Before drifting off, she asked, "How's Jaired?"
She still didn't know why Jaired was working for that organization.
"I'm not sure," King replied, watching her face and quietly taking her hand into his.
In the evening, Brielle said she wanted to go back. Since she didn't specify where, King, selfishly, took her to the castle.
Entering the castle, Brielle frowned. King, always observant of her expressions, saw this and his face instantly changed.
"Maybe we should stay at the villa we were at before. This castle feels too large, too empty for just a few of us." Brielle just massaged her temples, the feeling of familiarity rushing back even stronger.
set
Just as King was about to speak again, Isaac came downstairs with Noir. Seeing Brielle, his eyes lit
tup, but then dimmed quickly. "Brielle, you're okay, that's good." 
Despite her headache, Brielle quickly walked over and lifted him up in a hug. "Little buddy, I'm so glad you're okay I was scared to death that day." 
Isaac, held in her arms, blushed, turning his head away. "Mhm."
Brielle kissed his cheek twice, but Isaac was then taken by King. "You're still healing."
Brielle had to let go, sighing with a hint of regret.
###Chapter 1181
The castle was buzzing with more life than it used to, a big change from when it was practically off-limits to everyone. Brielle picked up on the housekeeper, a middle-aged woman, who always seemed to look at King with a motherly warmth. The housekeeper had her own room, a place Brielle hadn't ventured into yet. If she had, she'd have discovered a lab inside.
That night, a nagging headache made Brielle turn in early. She woke up in the middle of the night to find the other side of the bed cold and empty. She threw on a robe and found King standing on the balcony, lost in his thoughts under the moonlight. "Aren't you cold?" she asked, breaking the silence.
King, surprised by her presence, revealed his anxiety about turning back into Max. His aunt, the housekeeper, was working on a potion to boost Max's mental strength, promising it'd be ready in a month. The thought of disappearing once Max returned weighed heavily on him, fearing Brielle wouldn't miss him.
Despite these worries, King treasured every moment with Brielle, from holding her as they slept to their little adventures outside the castle.
"Let's just sleep. We can deal with all that messy stuff later. No rush," Brielle said, rubbing her eyes sleepily.
In an unexpected move, King
hugged her tightly, resting his chin on her shoulder. They talked about plans, including a dinner at the Lynch family's place. Brielle couldn't put it off any longer; it was time to officially meet her parents, and grandmother. 
As they discussed the upcoming visit, King's mind raced with thoughts of marriage, imagining a future where they were bound together, even if his time was running out.
The next morning, King was up at
dawn. He went to Isaac's room and
gently woke him with a playful
nickname, "Little cricket." He
explained that Isaac needed to stay hidden during their visit to the Lynch family to avoid revealing their complicated family dynamic. 
Isaac, understanding the seriousness of the situation, accused King of planning to deceive, pointing out the moral gray area of their plan.
King, taken aback, defended himself, emphasizing his love for Brielle and the need to marry her first, believing they could sort everything out later
He sought Isaac's approval, asking if
After
he had any issues with Brielle. some thought, Isaac admitted Brielle
was better than their previous caretaker, Kailee, though he was too
proud to praise her outright.
This family negotiation highlighted the unconventional yet genuine bonds forming within their household as they navigated the challenges of love, identity, and acceptance.
###Chapter 1182
King let out a sigh of relief, thankful there was no resistance. But at the same time, a pang of sadness hit him. Were he and Brielle's child always going to live in the shadows, their past a secret they could never share openly? If only Brielle could remember...
Gently placing Isaac on the bed and hugging him, King whispered, "Listen, you've got to follow her lead, okay?"
Even if Brielle didn't know Isaac was her own, King believed she'd come to embrace him, even as she built a life with Max.
Isaac stayed silent for a moment before looking up. "Daddy, don't go."
A lump formed in King's throat as he hugged Isaac tighter. "I'm not going anywhere. I'm just worried about you getting along with her, that's all."
Just then, the door swung open and Brielle, dressed and glancing at her phone, frowned. "It's only 4:30 AM. What are you doing up? The kid needs his sleep."
King, too excited about visiting the Lynch family, had lost track of time, eager for the day to begin. He couldn't sleep, too anxious about meeting the in-laws.
After tucking Isaac back into bed, he called Joseph to arrange some gifts for the visit.
Joseph, hearing the news, jumped out of bed to help, while King also reached out to Dustin.
Dustin, exhausted from days of relentless work and investigation, craved a good night's sleep now that his family was safe. But at 4:30 AM, his phone buzzed. "Dustin, bro, what do Mom and Dad like?"
The casual address made Dustin grit his teeth, annoyed by King's audacity, or maybe his disregard for others' feelings.
"We, the Lynch family, haven't agreed to you marrying Brielle yet."
King, unfazed, retorted, "Then I'll become one of you."
Dustin, frustrated, hung up and tried to go back to sleep.
King, undeterred, decided to prepare a variety of gifts instead.
The next morning, Brielle found King busy on the phone. She invited him to join her and Isaac for breakfast. It was their first meal together. Isaac who usually ate alone in his room, now joined them at the table, quietly using his fork and knife without making eye contact. After eating, he said he was going to feed Noir, their pet leopard. 
Watching Isaac and Noir play, Brielle couldn't help but ask King the question that had been on her mind. "Who is Isaac's biological mother?"
King, in the middle of serving her, paused.
Brielle, noticing his reaction, probed further. "You must have loved her deeply, to still be affected despite your feelings for me, influenced by Max. But is she still the one you love most?"
King lowered his gaze, his heart
heavy. He had liked Brielle long
before Max came into the picture, but now he couldn't express the turmoil within him. With Max
possibly returning in a month, there seemed no need to unravel the past unless Brielle remembered on her own. 
Afraid of revisiting those painful memories, he simply nodded. "Yes, I loved her the most."
Hearing this, Brielle felt a pang of discomfort, realizing her own feelings were entangled not just with Max, but with King as well. As King sat there, quietly staring at his plate, Brielle felt her heart ache, sensing a profound connection that made her share in his sorrow. 
###Chapter 1183
"I bet she had some feelings for you. I mean, a woman has plenty of ways to avoid having a baby, but she chose to keep it. Maybe she started to care about you, but just couldn't wrap her head around it at the time." King's gaze flickered, and a calm expression settled on his face.
"She tried everything, but I stopped her."
Brielle fell silent, pondering what kind of deep-seated issues could drive two people to such extremes. Poor Isaac.
Luckily, Isaac, like Max, lived in his own world. He was spared from the pain of a mother who never showed up, unaffected by her cold absence. Otherwise, being stuck in the shadow of feeling 'unwanted' could be a tough scar to heal.
As the saying goes, some spend their lives being healed by their childhood, while others spend their lives healing from it.
After dinner, Brielle took a moment to sit in the garden, enjoying the long-missed sunshine while watching Isaac play with Noir. Noir was endlessly entertained by the oversized cat teaser, his glossy black fur shimmering in the sunlight-a clear sign of his well-fed status.
A smile crept onto Brielle's lips but quickly faded as thoughts of Max and King clouded her mind. What would happen to Isaac if King disappeared?
Isaac was different from other kids. Despite his speech impairment, he was incredibly smart. He made sharp decisions even when being chased, his thoughts were intricate.
If anything happened to King, Isaac would be the first to sense it. His mother didn't want him, and now the father he knew might vanish. Brielle couldn't bear the thought. It was agonizing.
Rubbing her temples, she noticed Isaac was warming up to her. After overhearing her phone conversation about making King disappear, his demeanor had changed from hostility to a cool acceptance, no longer avoiding her.
Brielle hoped their relationship could deepen, but what about Max? It was a dilemma she couldn't navigate, so she chose to stop thinking about it.
Pulling out her phone, she caught up on recent events. The North American royalty was under intense international scrutiny, even facing a global press conference.
The landslide on that mountain, with
most of the unearthed bodies being North American, pointed to a grim reality-the royal family was implicated, sparking global media outrage. 
en FindNovel
"What secrets does that mountain hold? Is the royal family conducting forbidden research behind the world's back?"
"Who were those people in white coats, identified as having 'died' once before?"
"Rumors are circulating about a resurrected genius from within the family, now claiming to have been imprisoned there. The North
je
American royal family owes the
world an explanation."
A nation undertaking hazardous research could pose a threat to the entire globe. Each question at the press conference was razor-sharp.
The event was being broadcasted
live. Brielle, unsatisfied with her phone's small screen, joined King in the living room to watch the drama unfold on the large TV. 
As soon as she settled next to him, King, like a magnet to steel, wrapped his arms around her, unwilling to let go.
Brielle didn't mind; her attention was fixed on the screen. King couldn't help but vent about the royal family.
"When I was working with them, they spiked my drink and even tried to set me up with a princess."
Brielle raised an eyebrow, glancing at him. "You and the princess?"
"Didn't happen."
"It was always you."
###Chapter 1184
Brielle couldn't help but smile at his eagerness to explain. Her curiosity was piqued, and King noticed, so he kept talking.
"The leader of the base, Irene, is the daughter of a royal princess and has a claim to the throne. The royal family is split-some support her, others back Arthur. Right now, Arthur is the public favorite, and if all goes well, he'll be the next President of the North American Royal Family."
Brielle watched Prince Arthur handling the global media's scrutiny with well-rehearsed statements about cooperation and transparency.
The tension in the room was thick. Many hostages had returned home with psychological scars, and as they slowly recovered, they'd reveal the base's secrets. The royal family should be thankful these hostages didn't know about their collaboration with the base. Brielle's brow furrowed as she watched the press conference. "King, if there are people in the royal family supporting Irene, were they part of that chaotic night at the base?"
King gently took her fingers and kissed them tenderly. "No, Prince Arthur teamed up with us. He betrayed the royal members who supported Irene. We secured those individuals before heading to the base."
Brielle stayed quiet, focusing on the live broadcast. Prince Arthur continued to dodge the press with a sincerity that barely hid his deep-seated contempt.
As the broadcast ended, Brielle yawned. Her headache worsened, making sleep elusive. Now, in the quiet, she drifted off.
King glanced at the clock, then silenced his ringing phone. It was Joseph, confirming the purchase of their gifts. With a sigh of relief, King ended the call. Meanwhile, Kailee had overheard.
Learning that King was shopping, Kailee insisted on joining. Joseph, massaging his temples, advised against it. "It's a gesture for our parents-in-law; you might want to stay out of it."
Kailee, cheeks flushed with indignation, retorted, "Are you doubting my ability to charm them? I'm heading to the castle now! No way that woman has won over Isaac's heart that fast!" Joseph let her go, figuring her antics, though outrageous, wouldn't cause any real harm.
Kailee, determined, checked her
makeup before entering the castle, confident in her ability to succeed. Upon entering, she saw King on the sofa. Her confident stride carried her forward until she noticed Briette in his arms, making her lose. momentum. 
inc
Sitting down, she took a deep breath. "Has Isaac accepted this woman?"
King, previously occupied with Brielle's fingers, nodded slowly at Kailee's question.
Kailee wanted to lash out, but seeing King's tender care for the woman in his arms left her speechless. She had never seen King like this. Growing up, she and her brother were mere servants in the Sanchez family, unrecognized and voiceless, treated no better than animals. 
Meeting King, always behind a mask, changed everything. She didn't care what lay beneath that mask; King was their benefactor, elevating their lives. Her affection for him was akin to worship.
Learning of Isaac's abandonment, she couldn't fathom any woman not cherishing him. Despite his indifference to her advances, she knew her brother and King tolerated her antics to distract the public eye, a role she embraced.
Yet, seeing King now, it was clear he
had found his treasure, no longer
needing her for diversion. He
seemed ready to share this
woman's presence with the world,
his expression betraying a desire for everyone to acknowledge her. 
###Chapter 1185
Kailee was absolutely livid. She grabbed the nearest glass of water from the coffee table and downed it like it was her only chance at relief.
As she slammed the glass down, King shot her a look, calm and collected. "Take it easy, you're going to wake someone up."
It felt like a dagger to her heart. She was seething, her lips trembling with unspoken words. Unable to find a retort, she stormed out of the room in a huff.
In the garden, she spotted Isaac and nearly screamed in frustration. "Hey, little cricket!"
Isaac, who was petting Noir, paused. "Kailee."
She marched over, her voice a mix of worry and anger. "You really want that woman to be your mom? Think about it, little cricket. A stepmom's a stepmom, she'll never truly care for you."
Isaac's lips tightened. He could sense the irony in her words.
Clearly, Kailee wasn't thinking straight, unlike Brielle, who, despite her tough decisions, always had a clear head.
He sighed, resuming his gentle strokes on Noir's head.
Later that evening, Brielle woke up to find King already dressed and ready. They were supposed to have dinner at the Lynch family's place.
As they got into the car, Brielle wanted to bring Isaac along, worried about leaving him alone. But King had already conspired with Isaac to have him hide, so when Brielle couldn't find him and with King hurrying her, they left without him. Arriving at the Lynch family's home, Brielle was stunned to see not just their car but a whole convoy of ten trucks trailing behind.
Sarah and Raymond came out to greet them, and Desiree, in a chic dress, stood smiling beside Dustin.
But everyone's eyes were glued to the convoy of trucks. Desiree couldn't help but ask, "Wow, do you have that much stuff to move?" Before Brielle could answer, King stepped forward, warmly taking Desiree's hand. "Grandma, these are gifts for the Lynch family." Desiree, impressed by King's genuine affection for her granddaughter and the grand gesture, smiled. "Well, well."
The others, however, weren't as thrilled. Raymond's face was grim, Sarah looked awkward, and Dustin scoffed.
But as the saying goes, it's hard to stay mad at someone who's smiling at you, so they welcomed the guests inside.
Walking beside King, Brielle felt out
of place. King was calling her parents Mom" and "Dad" more naturally than she ever could, and Raymond's icy demeanor didn't seem to faze him. FindNovel
Suddenly, Brielle found herself laughing at the thought of how much more awkward things would be if Max were here with his cold demeanor. King's easygoing nature somehow made the weird
nov
atmosphere a bit warmer.
Gradually, Brielle relaxed and looked over at Sarah, who was also looking at her. They shared a moment of mutual understanding without words.
"Just good to have you back," Sarah managed, summarizing the struggles of returning to the Lynch family.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes, but before they could fall, King took her hand, reassuring Sarah, "Mom, don't worry, I'll take good care of her."
Any brewing sentimentality was quickly dispelled by King's words, leaving Sarah looking awkwardly comforted.
Dustin couldn't resist a jab, "The Lynch family hasn't agreed to marry her off to you yet."
"I could always join the family. There's plenty of room in this house," King quipped, making Desiree laugh and warmly take his hand.
"Dear, you're a good man. Take care of each other," she said, then turned to Dustin, "Go get that ring."
Dustin's face fell at the mention of the ring, a cherished family heirloom.
"Go on, Dustin," Desiree urged.
Reluctantly, Dustin retrieved the black ring and handed it over.
Desiree personally slid the ring onto King's finger, "This is for you, a keepsake from my husband."
King's eyes sparkled, and he smiled, feeling the weight of the gesture.
Max had his black rosary, but it was nothing compared to this. This black ring wasn't just any gift; it was a pledge from Desiree, a symbol of acceptance and a challenge he had proudly met. 
"Thank you, Grandma. I promise, I'll take good care of her."
"Ah, that's my boy."
###Chapter 1186
King wore his heart on his sleeve, pouring his emotions into everything he did. When he liked something, it was as if every strand of his hair joined in chorus to express his feelings. The Lynches, especially Desiree, were no fools-they had weathered life's storms and could see right through him. But it was this raw honesty that endeared him to the older generation, who had grown weary of deceit and coldness over the years.
Desiree's nod of approval was a big deal, and nobody dared to challenge it.
Brielle glanced at her grandmother, noticing a significant lift in her spirits, her eyes brimming with fondness for King. Somehow, Brielle felt her own nerves settling too.
Initially, stepping into the Lynch household for dinner had her on edge, but now she relaxed completely, even chatting with Raymond about the royal family's recent endeavors. His calm demeanor added to the cozy atmosphere.
After dinner, Sarah brought out a dessert that Desiree had perfected-a sweet concoction that had everyone cozying up on the couch. King couldn't stop praising it, showering Desiree with compliments that made her beam with pride.
As they were leaving, Desiree held
onto King's hand, insisting he return with Brielle. The image of Desiree, supported by Dustin, still chuckling with joy as they retreated inside, stayed with Brielle as she rode back home. She noticed the man beside her playfully flaunting a ring on his thumb, his joy evident.
Back at the castle, after a soothing bath, Brielle felt a pair of arms envelop her, leading to an inescapable kiss. A bit tipsy from the wine at the Lynches', she found herself unable to resist, her earlier apprehension melting away in the moment's intensity. King, holding her close, alternated his gaze between the ring in his hand and her face, wishing time could stand still.
Meanwhile, in the realm of the North
American Royal Family, Prince
Arthur's live briefing with
international journalists had just concluded. Returning to his villa, he was met with the gravity of their dire situation. The hostages, living proof of a
situandal potentially implicating
the royal family, meant finding a scapegoat was imperative. With Irene missing and her supporters not aligning with him, Arthur's grip on his position was more precarious than ever. 
Arthur, with a cold expression and a cynical laugh, proposed the Lynch family as the deal scapegoat, citing their withdrawal from supporting North American educational initiatives as a breach of loyalty. However, the complication of the
Lynch family's potenti
through marriage with a Saudi entity meant navigating a delicate balance
of international relations and internal strategy to maintain his reign. 
The sudden appearance of Myles, a man marked by his experiences, in Arthur's strategy session underscored the dire lengths to which they were prepared to go to protect the royal family's interests, revealing the intricate web of alliances and enmities that underpinned their world.
###Chapter 1187
Myles survived the landslide, but not without a price. His legs, lost to a previous torture, left him confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life.
Arthur wasn't completely clued in on the organization's inner workings. The group's main job was to supply the royal family with pharmaceuticals, and Irene made sure he stayed in the dark about the rest.
Arthur's team had pulled Myles from the debris-Myles, a top-tier hypnotist. The initial plan was to eliminate him until they discovered his connection to the Saudi King. As it turned out, Myles was the King's body double. Quite the twist. Just a day earlier, Myles had dropped a bombshell: the King was actually Max, the CEO of DreamTech Designs, battling dissociative identity disorder, and tangled in a mess with Brielle.
Arthur gave him a cold, hard stare. "Spill it. Everything you know."
Myles, wrapped in bandages and stuck in his wheelchair, was seething with hatred for his current state. It was all because of the King. If he hadn't been chosen as the King's double, he wouldn't be in this mess, a shadow of his former self. "Prince Arthur, when I first took on the role of the King's double, my feelings for Brielle were all mixed up. Brielle had the King's child, the one always by his side, but he thought she'd thrown the baby in the trash. That wasn't true." He said this with a hint of pride.
The King had been in a coma for a month, completely unaware of what was happening. Joseph had handed Brielle's matters to Myles, giving him room to maneuver.
Right after Brielle gave birth, he told her, "Ms. Brielle, since you've tried countless times to terminate this pregnancy, he'll grant your wish. Someone will come to take the child and drown it. Don't blame him for being heartless. If you hadn't tried to escape at every turn, he wouldn't be so furious."
Brielle was extremely weak post-delivery. Her health had always been frail, and pregnancy took a massive toll on her. The delivery left her emaciated, her eyes large and pitiful on her delicate face.
I felt a pang of sympathy. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. The King wanted to drown her child? Impossible. That was her child, borne of so much suffering. He had no right. "No! Don't hurt him!"
But she was too weak, collapsing to the floor as soon as she tried to get out of bed. The child was taken from her sight, carried into the bathroom of the secluded hospital room, arranged by the King, complete with a bath. 
After the child was taken in, all she heard was the sound of water and a faint infant cry.
Myles had planned for the child not to survive, but the executing doctor, moved by compassion, merely immersed the child in warm water for a while. After a few minutes, the child was brought out, declared dead. Brielle kneeled by the hospital bed, watching this unfold, voiceless, unable to even scream. Her child was disposed of in front of her, thrown into the trash, and another nurse took the trash can away.
Myles later took care of the nurse, paying off her husband's gambling debts and sending her off to Africa, among other things.
How could Brielle not hate the King after witnessing all this? If the King were before her then, she would have likely killed him herself.
Then Myles brought the news to the King that Brielle had disposed of the child. The King hurried over, retrieving the child from the trash. The child hadn't died; it was Myles's mistake that ironically saved him.
Following this, with the King in a coma and feeling utterly defeated, he ordered Brielle to be sent away. The child's situation made it clear to him; unrequited love remained just that Even with all his efforts and desires to win her over, he couldn't make a mark in her heart, 
After deciding to send Brielle away, the King fell into a coma. Loyal Joseph took both the child and the woman back to the castle to ensure the King's safety, leaving all matters concerning Brielle in Myles's hands. 
Myles was over the moon, seeing it as a divine opportunity.
###Chapter 1188
Brielle's heart shattered when she heard King was planning to send her away for good. Desperate and broken, she begged Myles to hypnotize her, wanting to forget everything, blaming King for ruining her life. Myles, though, was battling his own demons. He had committed the ultimate sin in his profession by hypnotizing himself, which blurred the lines between reality and illusion so much that he sometimes truly believed he was King. King had initially been drawn to Myles because of this uncanny ability, seeing in it the potential for Myles to be the perfect double. Back then, King was indifferent to everything, never worrying that having a double might backfire. Now, Myles shared this secret with Arthur, a smug smile playing on his lips. "As long as Brielle doesn't remember the past, she'll think another woman bore King's child."
The birth control device was just a minor detail in their elaborate scheme, ensuring Brielle wouldn't have children with anyone else if she lost her memory. After all, how could she be worthy of King, a man of such noble stature, if she did? Having served as King's double for so long, Myles was all too familiar with King's obsessive love for Brielle a toxic mix of obsession and insecurity. King was probably terrified of Brielle remembering their past and would never bring it up. The deep hypnosis Myles had used on Brielle had taken all his energy, making it nearly impossible for her to recall those memories. Destroying the alliance between the Lynch family and the Saudi royals could start from this very point. Upon hearing the full story, Prince Arthur's mind raced with possibilities. To extricate the royal family from this mess, they would have to sacrifice the Lynch family. But such a plan needed careful execution.
He glanced at Myles in his wheelchair, his lips curling into a smile. "Have someone take him down and make sure he's well taken care of."
Attendants soon wheeled Myles away. His face, hidden under layers of bandages, twisted in pain-a stark reminder of the agony of waking from his self-induced hypnotic state. Once, Myles had been a man of influence, but now, having lost his legs and his face, he had nothing.
And yet, he couldn't help but smirk at the thought of Kenzo's obsession. Did Kenzo still hope for Brielle's
love? If so, Myles was curious to see if he could win her over with another round of deep hypnosis, provided Briette was slightly willing. Clutching his fists tightly, Myles vowed to reclaim everything he had lost. 
After a night of turmoil, Brielle woke up with aches all over her body, still wrapped in King's embrace. His grip around her waist was so tight she could barely breathe. She noticed that even in sleep, he wore his black ring a small, childlike habit that somehow lifted the gloom in her heart. 
Feeling her stir, King opened his eyes, dark circles evidence of a sleepless night. "Why do you wear the ring even to bed?" she asked.
"It's because I like it," King replied without hesitation, "and it was the second gift I ever received."
His words, though casual, pierced Brielle's heart. The first gift must have been from someone else, she thought. Given King's ruthless nature and the transient relationships in his life, it was unlikely he had many friends. And his "birthday"? Ifit coincided with Max's, it would probably keep him up at night in irritation. 
But the exact date King "came to be" was probably known only to him, a secret he had never shared. Brielle felt another pang of pain. How could he make her so angry one moment and so heartbreakingly concerned the next, with every cell in her body trembling with
emotion?
###Chapter 1189
After breakfast, Brielle took a quick look at the news and noticed several of Dustin's ex-girlfriends had posted birthday wishes for him on social media. They used various languages and sprinkled hearts all over their messages. Since many of his exes were celebrities with
massive followings, Dustin's birthday quickly became a trending topic.
Just then, Brielle's grandma called, inviting her on a shopping trip. Although her health was slowly improving, she wasn't quite up for a full day at the mall. Brielle was about to suggest more rest when her grandma said, "Sweetheart, it's been tough these past few years. I thought it'd be nice to pick out a special gift. It's been ages since I've treated my grandkids to something from the mall."
Desiree had been bedridden for too long and Brielle couldn't bring herself to say no after hearing that. As she got ready to leave, King, always her loyal shadow, naturally joined her. Desiree's face lit up when she saw him. He made no secret of his fondness for the black ring she'd given him, even wearing it to bed. "This kid, how can you not adore him?" she said, her eyes nearly disappearing into her smile.
Standing nearby, Brielle found herself agreeing. The older generation often feels a need to contribute, especially in a family like the Lynches where the younger members lack for nothing. King's recent praise for Desiree's soup-a veritable rainbow of compliments-had thoroughly charmed her. Seeing him cherish the ring she gave him to the point of wearing it to sleep filled her with a deep sense of appreciation and love.
King had a knack for winning over the elderly, who tend to have a soft spot for such affectionate characters. Desiree stood between Brielle and King, smiling wider than she had in years, as they approached a men's watch counter. Ignoring the flashy, diamond-encrusted options, she focused on a meticulously detailed skeleton watch, valuing craftsmanship over price.
Watching Desiree and Brielle
deliberate over which watch to pick for Dustin, King felt a pang of envy. He couldn't recall anyone ever taking such care in selecting a gift for him. He had once hinted at wanting a birthday gift, but he had never celebrated his birthdate with anyone before. 
tel
Except for Brielle. He had shared his birthday with her on the very day, following a tumultuous night that had left her silent at the breakfast table. King hadn't realized then the pain he might have inflicted, having briefly learned about such matters during a short stint at a bar where he asked a passerby how to ensure a woman doesn't cry during such encounters. 
The man had laughed mockingly but, intimidated by King's imposing demeanor, had told him the harsh truth. Most men aimed to make a woman cry in bed, taking it as a sign of pleasure. This baffling logic had stuck with King as a twisted form of wisdom.
That night, as King stood in the corridor hearing other men boast about their intentions, he doubted whether Brielle's distress was indeed a sign of affection. The misguided advice from the bar had somehow stuck with him.
So, when Brielle ended up in tears
and later doused him with a glass of
milk upon learning it was his birthday, King merely blinked, the milk dripping down, its scent filling his nostrils. He had simply said, "Thank you," preferring a milk
shower over receiving nothing at all. 
###Chapter 1190
It was the first time he ever asked for a gift, a birthday gift, but the whole ordeal was anything but joyful. And he'd only ever shared that date with Brielle, who'd since forgotten it. Now, apart from him, no one else in the world knew that date anymore. "Grandma, what do you think about this one? Knowing his personality, he'd probably go for something more flashy."
"Sweetie, don't you think the color of the wristband is a bit off? Or is it just me getting old and out of touch with what's trendy nowadays?"
Brielle and Desiree's conversation drifted over as the sales assistant behind the counter watched them with a smile. For some reason, King found this scene a bit unsettling. He tried to tune out, hoping it would ease the heaviness in his chest that thinking about the gift was causing.
Brielle and Desiree had decided on a style and were now at the counter paying. The Lynch family had money, and so did Brielle, but this time Desiree was paying, insisting it was her gift to her grandson. King hung around for a bit, and seeing them ready to leave with their boxed purchase, he breathed a sigh of relief. He wasn't too fond of this place.
"Brielle, are we good to go? Where to next?" As soon as he finished speaking, a watch was being fastened around his wrist. King's body went stiff with disbelief. Brielle adjusted the band to fit snugly and nodded.
"For you."
After all, he'd come along to help pick out the gift, and for some reason, seeing him standing there alone tugged at her heartstrings.
"For me?" King's voice quivered, half afraid Brielle might change her mind, quickly pulling his hand back. Brielle hardly noticed his reaction, simply nodding.
"Let's go."
Beside them, Desiree chuckled, "Looks good. Handsome boy, everything suits you." Brielle didn't argue with that. King, however, was too over the moon to hear their words, his mind a blissful blur. Brielle had given him a watch? Such a thing would have been unimaginable before! What a blissful turn of events!!
The trio got into the car, heading towards Dustin's place in Beaconsfield, a quaint village.
Emma was locked in her room, Peyton's voice mingling with those of other women from the village outside. That night, Peyton had fed Emma the medicine and delivered her to the Odeberg family. Though the Odebergs weren't the strongest fighters, with Emma weakened by the medicine, she couldn't resist. Outside, the village feasted, simple meals laid across several tables, but given the Odebergs' standing in the village, each table boasted seven or eight meat dishes. 
Peyton was the center of attention, showered with congratulations, her future in the town now secured. town Having spent much of her life bedridden, Peyton was often the subject of gossip. And with Emma's skin tone, they were never truly accepted in the village. If not for Emma's medical skills, they might have been cast out long ago. Vanity thrives, especially in small communities where gold rings flaunted at festivals are a source of immense pride, only satisfied once everyone has seen it. 
Peyton had never had such luxuries, especially after the men in their lives had gone, leaving them financially strained. With Emma's father gone, they were shunned by relatives, with no dowry to speak of, the family's financial burdens fell
ovel.n
entirely on Emma's young shoulders. Balancing care for her mother with her education, Emma had managed to get into a prestigious university, a celebration marked by fireworks from the
school and congratulations from the
teachers. 
Yet, in a village where gender biases ran deep, Emma's academic success only fueled resentment, with neighbors whispering maliciously to Peyton. Warnings against letting Emma pursue her education, tales of ingratitude, and cautionary stories of women who'd defied
their families painted a bleak picture, suggesting that education would only lead Emma away from her mother.
###Chapter 1191
Peyton, despite her kindness, was a bit too gullible, always ready to take the village gossip as gospel truth. After days of being fed this narrative, she truly began to believe it.
Emma had been accepted into college, but due to a delay in her scholarship funds, she decided not to attend. However, the truth was that the scholarship had indeed come through. Peyton had hidden the money - all five thousand dollars of it, wrapped in a newspaper, tucked away under her mattress. Emma's academic achievements were well-known, so naturally, her teachers tried to persuade her to pursue her studies. Peyton, at that time, acted selfishly, fearing she'd be left alone in the village without care. So, she laid it on thick, making Emma feel too guilty to leave.
The teachers were all disheartened, especially the one who had arranged for Emma to have a room at school to look after Peyton. This teacher was not only her biggest supporter but also the most significant influence in Emma's life.
Given her circumstances, Emma didn't have many friends at school and was often isolated. Yet, her teachers always encouraged her, saying that education would show her a world much larger than the village's narrow-minded gossip, especially the kind targeted at women. "If you don't step out, you won't realize how limited your knowledge is," they would say.
But Emma, having been accepted into a prestigious college and then not attending, disappointed her teachers greatly, leading to a long, period without contact. This decision weighed heavily on Emma,
feeling she had let her moal ne!
important mentor down. However, she needed to stay for Peyton, with living expenses in the city being so high, taking her mother along just wasn't feasible. 
Fast forward to that evening, with everyone congratulating Peyton, she felt her fortunes were finally turning, thanks to her daughter marrying into prosperity. Who in the village didn't dream of marrying into the Odeberg family with their wealth and numerous properties in town? Now, the least regarded Emma was becoming one of them, and caring for their son meant her position in the Odeberg family was secure, especially once she had a son of her own. 
Peyton basked in the adulation, her weathered face breaking into a rare smile. She had already administered the medicine to Emma, and the Odebergs, satisfied with her decisiveness, had thrown a lavish feast, inviting the entire village. As the Odeberg family's limping heir toasted the guests, he was about to consummate the marriage with Emma.
But then, a loud crash inside disrupted the celebration, initially dismissed as drunken antics by the Odeberg heir. However, he burst out, pointing accusingly at Peyton, revealing Emma was pregnant by another man, tarnishing the Moll family's name and demanding the return of the dowry and compensation for the feast.
The villagers, initially enjoying the festivities, were now engrossed in the scandal, defending Emma's character yet recalling her rescue of a handsome stranger. Inside, Emma curled up, overhearing the village's gossip and the Odeberg heir's demands, while Peyton, from celebrated to vilified, faced the hostile glares with a flushed face.
"It's impossible, my daughter can't be pregnant. You can't slander her like that. I did what you asked with the medicine," Peyton protested. But the heir's retort, revealing Emma's admission during their intimate moment, turned the situationinto an accusation of deceit, shocking everyone with the idea of someone attempting to marry while pregnant. 
###Chapter 1192
Peyton felt a pang of guilt, knowing deep down that Emma's previous pregnancy was no mere rumor. After all, hadn't she sent Emma to town to take care of it, to get an abortion? She turned to Emma, who looked absolutely terrified. Bruises from a man's grip marked her neck and wrists, her face was ghostly pale, and she was trembling uncontrollably. But instead of pity for her daughter, Peyton felt a surge of anger-anger at being embarrassed in front of the whole town.
In a place like this, reputation was everything. If people started gossiping, how could they ever live it down?
The murmurs around her became unbearable, so she rushed over to Emma.
"Emma, what in the world is going on here?" Peyton demanded.
The Odeberg family's limping patriarch snorted in disdain.
"Don't play dumb. It's obvious you and your daughter are trying to scam us out of the dowry. Absolutely shameless. No wonder the men in your family are all dead. Must be karma." Peyton's face twisted in fury, but she felt powerless against the crowd's accusations. She couldn't defend herself or Emma alone.
She hurried to help Emma up, her tone urgent.
"Emma, for heaven's sake, explain what's happening here!"
Wasn't the child supposed to be taken care of already? How could the Odebergs now claim that Emma was still pregnant?
Did Emma not go through with the abortion after all?
The thought sent chills down Peyton's spine.
Emma, finally snapping out of her daze, knew she had to come clean to Peyton.
"Mom, I... I couldn't do it. The baby... it's still with me. I couldn't go through with it."
The slap that followed echoed loudly, Peyton's rage causing her whole body to tremble.
"What did you just say?!" she hissed.
Emma's cheek stung, her entire body ached, and the remnants of the drugs in her system still clouded her mind. But that slap brought everything into sharp focus. Slowly, leaning on a nearby chair, she stood up, her demeanor calm as she faced the onlookers.
"I said, the baby is still with me. And I won't be marrying into the Odeberg family."
The crowd's whispers grew louder, fueled by Peyton's earlier outburst.
"Mrs. Moll, did you know about Emma's condition all along? Were you just pretending to be clueless?"
"Didn't Emma go to town last week? My cousin saw her at the clinic."
"Maybe she thought about getting an abortion but chickened out. How disgraceful, carrying a child out of wedlock."
Peyton was beside herself, rendered speechless by the swirling gossip. This was her lowest moment, humiliated because of her daughter.
She couldn't help but slap Emma again.
"Have you lost your mind?! I told you to take care of it! Why do you insist on making a fool of me in front of everyone? I regret ever having you! You're a curse." Just when life was looking up, it all came crashing down.
Being the subject of everyone's scorn felt like living in hell, compared to the heavenly praise she once dreamed of.
The crowd's relentless jeering, led by the Odeberg patriarch's insults, was unbearable. Yet, amidst the chaos, Emma remained the calmest.
Her cheek swollen, her hair disheveled, she touched her face, wiping away the blood from her lips.
In that moment, she understood
what her teacher had once said
about the importance of stepping out into the world and gaining knowledge. The village, with its cruel gossip and hostility towards women, was a small, unfriendly world. 
"The nerve of some people, men straying is one thing, but a girl getting pregnant before marriage? Never thought she'd be that kind."
"The Odebergs must be cursed to deal with such disgrace."
"Let's call it a night. The Odebergs and the Molls have their own mess to sort out."
As the crowd treated the situation like a spectacle, Peyton fainted amidst the cacophony of condemnation.
Emma, drenched by a cup of water from the Odeberg patriarch, tried to help her mother up. Still weak from the drugs, she looked around for assistance, but found none.
Everyone viewed her as if she were trash. . FindNovel
In that moment, Emma felt profound sadness. Her brief glimpse into the world Dustin inhabited in
Beaconsfield was something she could hardly fathom. Now, facing her own harsh reality, she wondered how she could ever belong in his world. 
The concept of "matching doors and windows," meaning equal social standing, echoed in her mind. She and Dustin were worlds apart.
###Chapter 1193
Tears streamed down her face as she struggled to support her mother, her shoulders shaking uncontrollably with sobs.
Out of the crowd, a man stepped forward. It was Uncle Jack, the same man Emma had given a pack of cigarettes to last time.
When Uncle Jack made his move, his wife shot him a glare, signaling him not to meddle. Yet, he approached Emma and helped her lift Peyton up.
Seeing someone come to her aid, Emma knew it wasn't the time for tears. She quickly stood up, her voice choked with gratitude.
"Uncle Jack, thank you."
The middle-aged man sighed, unsure of what to say.
"Let's get your mom inside and then figure things out," he suggested.
Meanwhile, the chatter among the villagers continued. Mrs. Smith from the Odeberg family stood with her hands on her hips, berating Emma for her shamelessness and accusing her of flirting around.
In this town, an unwed pregnancy could ruin a woman's reputation entirely.
After delivering Peyton home, Uncle Jack left promptly, wary of the gossip that might ensue from his stay.
Now, it was just Emma and Peyton in the room.
With no other choice, Emma endured her pain, heated some water, and gently wiped Peyton's face.
Peyton woke up the next day, clutching her chest and complaining of heart pain. After her complaints, she began to berate Emma.
"It's all your fault. How did I end up with such bad luck? Do you have any idea what people were saying about us last night? If only your father hadn't passed away so early, leaving me to raise you alone."
"I might as well be dead," Peyton lamented, trying to get out of bed to throw herself against a pillar.
But before she could act, the Odeberg family arrived, demanding the return of the dowry with a fierce attitude.
Knowing they were at a disadvantage, Peyton and Emma couldn't confront them. After all, they were just a mother and daughter with no one to lean on.
"The Moll family! Come out this instant! Not only do you owe us thirty thousand for the dowry, but you also owe us for the feast last night. All those dishes on each table cost tus a fortune, not to mention the compensation for our emotional distress. That's a total of fifty
thousand! Bring it out now!"
Emma was furious when she heard the demand for fifty thousand. The feast had been modest, costing no more than a few thousand. Yet, the Odeberg family was demanding a whopping fifty thousand! "Mom, where did you put the dowry money? Let's give it to them," Emma said.
Peyton sighed and retrieved the thirty thousand meant for the dowry, but they wanted fifty thousand.
With the thirty thousand in hand, Emma stepped outside.
The Odeberg family had brought a crowd, ready to make a scene. The village folks, eager for more drama, had gathered again.
"Here's the thirty thousand for the dowry," Emma announced.
Upon counting the money, a member of the Odeberg family snorted dismissively.
"And the remaining twenty thousand? What about the money for the feast and the compensation for our emotional distress? You've caused us so much trouble, Emma. We all know about the man who fathered your child, the one who came to your house for treatment. Tsk, tsk. You really have no shame. It's no wonder no one in the village wants you, so you throw yourself at any man who shows up. How disgraceful!" 
The villagers had a way with harsh words, and although Emma was known for her toughness, she was speechless in the face of such a crowd. Her unwed pregnancy was indeed a fact, and now the entire village looked down on her. "Twenty thousand? How could last night's meal possibly cost that much?"
The Odeberg family stood defiantly, unreasonable and demanding.
"Fine, if you won't pay, we'll just search your house ourselves! We're talking about compensation for the emotional distress you and your daughter have caused. The whole village witnessed your scandal We just lost one woman in our family, and now we're stuck with a baby that needs a mother. The time we've wasted because of your actions needs compensation. And that's on you!" 
Their logic was utterly absurd.
###Chapter 1194
Emma took a deep breath, only to hear the usual snide comments from the women who always looked down on her.
"That's right, everyone knows the Odeberg family nearly ended up playing daddy to the kid in your belly. What a huge embarrassment! You owe us big time for this!"
As the insults flew, Peyton, who was inside and equally mortified by the scandal, thought the demand for twenty thousand was way over the top.
She stepped outside, only to find the crowd ready to get physical.
"The Odebergs! What do you think you're doing? Picking on us because we don't have a man in the house, is that it?"
Seeing Peyton emerge, the Odebergs became even more brazen.
"Lock Emma up tonight! Big Mama Moll, if you don't cough up that twenty grand, we're not releasing her!"
Peyton was frantic, instinctively looking around for help, but the Odebergs, with their deep pockets and usual bravado, had intimidated the villagers into silence. Nobody was willing to stand up for the Molls, preferring to watch the drama unfold. So, before Peyton's eyes, Emma was surrounded by men from the Odeberg family and locked in a room.
That room was Peyton's, now off-limits to her.
If Peyton didn't produce the money, the Odebergs weren't going to release Emma and were content to camp out in the Moll family's yard, refusing to leave.
Humiliated and on the verge of passing out from anger, Peyton knew that if she did faint, nobody would care about her well-being.
She could afford the twenty thousand; after all, there was the seventeen thousand left from Emma's abortion fund, plus a scholarship of five thousand Peyton had never spent, hidden under her mattress, savings meant for her retirement. The Odebergs had only spent a couple of thousand on the banquet, yet now demanded twenty grand, leveraging their village status to rally a mob against her home.
Reason was useless here, especially when not a soul sided with the Molls.
Emma was pregnant and had been locked up for three days.
Back to the present, Emma felt close to starvation. There was a small toilet in the room, thankfully, as it was Peyton's, who had spent years bedridden, requiring a toilet close by to avoid embarrassment.
But hunger was overwhelming her,
her appetite having increased withet
pregnancy, her stomach constantly
g in protest. Contes
Blurred vision from hunger, she could
Ontly hear her mother and et
others outside, pleading on her behalf. 
But the Odebergs were determined to target the Molls, staying put.
Peyton had managed to eat these past days, but the Odebergs forbade her from bringing food to Emma.
In extreme hunger, Emma felt she could eat anything.
Thirsty and starving, there was a moment she nearly passed out.
Searching the room, she hoped to find something, anything to eat.
Her eyes caught sight of some corn cobs hanging from the rafters, half-eaten by rats, a disgusting sight. Emma wanted to devour them, but thinking of Dustin's child, remembering a photo, tears welled up.
Dustin, so refined, how could his child eat such things?
If only she hadn't gotten pregnant.
Tears streamed down as she gazed at the rat nibbled corn cob, feeling wretched. Reality seemed splite between her fantasies of Dustin and her current plight. 
After crying, she realized she could barely produce tears due to dehydration.
Her lips were cracked, revealing deep crevices.
She was too hungry.
Sorry, just too hungry.
Closing her eyes, she desperately gnawed on the corn cob.
###Chapter 1195
The old cornmeal was meant for feeding pigs, and eating it felt like chewing on sand. Without water, swallowing it was nearly impossible. Emma felt her throat being scratched raw by the gritty substance, but if she didn't eat something soon, she feared she might actually die. After choking down the meal, the rain outside seemed almost mocking as it leaked through the roof. Thrilled, she cupped her hands to catch and drink a few drops, which helped clear her vision a bit.
She didn't bother calling out for help from the people outside. Pleading with them was pointless-they were as heartless as the cornmeal she had just forced down. Besides, her family couldn't scrape together twenty thousand dollars even if they wanted to.
She scoured the room, hoping against hope to find something else edible-maybe a few more kernels of corn. Her search was thorough, sparing not even the floorboards.
But her hands froze when they found something wrapped in newspaper under the bed. Pulling it out, the sight of a hundred-dollar bill peeking from the corner sent a shock through her. This wasn't the money Patrick had left behind; that was safely kept in her mother's purse for a potential trip to town. So, what was this cash doing here under the bed?
Counting it, she found exactly five thousand dollars. Her mother had been bedridden for years, with no chance to earn any money. This five thousand, added to what Patrick had left, would make up the twenty thousand they needed. Yet her mother hadn't handed the money over, instead spending the past few days haggling with the Odeberg family.
Emma had thought they were simply too broke, but discovering this stash made her feel cold to her core, shivering uncontrollably. Clutching the newspaper, she stormed to the door, hammering on it with unexpected strength.
"Open up! Mom, open the door!" she shouted, her voice fueled by a mix of hunger and newfound energy.
Peyton had almost convinced herself that her daughter might have already succumbed, having heard no sound from her all morning. But then, there was still the issue of the twenty thousand dollars. If she gave it away, what would they live on?
Her hesitation vanished when she
heard Emma's voice, a mix of relief and guilt washing over her. Her heart softened realizing her daughter had been starving for days. Sighing, she turned to the Odeberg family, "The twenty thousand dollars, we'll pay. Just open the door. If she dies from starvation, you're to blame."
The Odeberg family, who had been stalling for time, exchanged looks before finally agreeing to unlock the door once they heard Peyton's commitment to pay. In this remote village, law enforcement was scarce, with the only village head being a relative of the Odebergs. The Molls stood no chance against them.
As the door swung open, Emma's
frail figure appeared, holding the newspaper wrapped cash, silently facing Peyton. But before she could question her, Peyton saw the newspaper and quickly snatched the money from it. Adding it to the sum in her purse, she counted out the full twenty thousand for the Odeberg
family. 
Only then did the Odeberg family leave, satisfied, leaving the onlookers surprised that Peyton actually managed to produce the money, given the Moll family's known financial struggles.
Once everyone had dispersed, Peyton, seeing Emma's bedraggled state, finally allowed herself to feel a pang of empathy. "There's food on the stove, I've warmed it up. Eat something, Emma. Don't starve yourself."
Hearing this, Emma's tears started to flow. "Mom, where did the money come from?" They had always lived hand to mouth, relying on her to gather herbs from the forest to sell. But the value of herbs had been falling yearly, and they hardly brought in enough money for medical expenses in the village.
Peyton avoided her gaze, leading her towards the table. "Mom, where did this money really come from?" Emma pressed, not considering the possibility of it being her college fund, given that she believed the application had been unsuccessful.
Finally, Peyton could no longer evade the truth. "The year you were supposed to start college, remember you applied for a grant? It came through. Five thousand dollars, I've been saving it."
Emma stood frozen, her world tilting
as she struggled to reconcile this revelation with the mother she thought she knew. They had
el?
survived on the bare minimum, free from the petty squabbles that plagued other families. But now, to learn her mother had hidden her college fund from her, the very
money meant for her education, was a blow Emma hadn't anticipated.
###Chapter 1196
Emma's tears flowed even more freely, but Peyton had no clue why she was crying so hard.
"Emma, what's with the tears? You've got the money now, don't you? You see, I was always going to give it to you. The Odeberg family mess is over. As long as we steer clear of them, they'll leave us alone. We can go back to our lives, just the two of us. And about the baby..." Peyton paused, then continued, "We still have two thousand left. Maybe it's best to go ahead with the abortion."
Emma's mind buzzed. It was her mother's decision to hide the money that had kept her from going to college.
She had a chance to get out, a chance to...
"The most painful words in the world are 'could have been."
Emma felt completely drained, too exhausted to even feel hungry.
Peyton brought her a plate of food, thinking her silence was because she was starving, and quickly placed a fork in front of her.
"Come on, eat something. Don't be mad at me for hesitating; it was twenty thousand dollars, and the Odeberg family set us up. If they'd asked for less, I would've given you the rest. I did it for both of us. Making money gets harder every year, and with you being pregnant, do you really want to go back to foraging in the hills?"
Emma's body felt like jelly. The smell of the food didn't make her hungry; she just cried, numb.
She never thought things would turn out like this.
So hopeless.
And Peyton kept on talking.
"Keeping that money wasn't about greed. Everyone's right; what's a girl like you need so much education for? Look at the college grads from the next town; none of them want to come back. Too much learning, and you get too independent. Emma, you're my only daughter. I don't have a son to rely on. If not for you, who do I have? If you leave me, I might as well be dead."
Peyton started crying too, as if in a contest to see who could cry louder.
But Emma's quiet tears were the true sign of despair.
With a sudden burst of strength, Emma pushed the plate away.
The plate crashed to the floor, scattering food and breaking into pieces.
Peyton, furious, raised her hand to strike but, seeing her daughter's frailty, started crying even louder.
"Are you blaming me? What else
man
could I have done? We have no man in the house, no one to lean on You think I'm selfish, but who else do I
have besides you?" 
Emma bit her lip, staying silent, wishing she could just starve to death.
She wished she hadn't found the money under the floorboard, hadn't seen her mother's selfish side.
It all seemed so absurd now.
She wanted to scream, to cry, but found she couldn't shed another tear.
She just bit her lip harder, staring blankly into space.
There's no greater sorrow than a broken heart.
After a while, Peyton stopped crying
and didn
say another word. She went to get another plate of
and set it in front of Emma
belongs to en.kikisto com
"Get your strength back first. Once you're better, we'll deal with the baby. We can't stay in this village any longer, with everyone
whispering about us. Once you'ronet
well, we'll move to town. I'll find work as a housekeeper, and you can find ajob too. We won't starve. You may have no shame, but I still do." 
The final remark was about Emma's pregnancy, a stigma in their community for being unmarried and pregnant.
###Chapter 1197
Emma sat on the ground, looking like she'd just lost her soul. Peyton felt a knot in her stomach. Was she really in the wrong? Living in a place like this, without a man in the house, how could she not think of herself first?
Seeing Emma not taking the food, Peyton grabbed a fork and tried to feed her daughter some rice. But Emma clamped her mouth shut, refusing to eat, so Peyton tried to force it in. The fork scraped against Emma's cracked lips, making them bleed, staining her mouth with blood. Out of options, Peyton put the bowl down and started crying.
Hours passed, and evening settled in. Emma's eyes flickered, and she grabbed the now-cold food from the floor, shoveling it into her mouth in big gulps. Her stomach wasn't fragile; she had grown up eating whatever was available. After finishing the bowl, she stood up, fetched some water, and drank three bowls full before feeling revived.
Seeing her willing to eat, Peyton lifted her swollen eyelids. She couldn't understand why her daughter had become so stubborn. She stood up and quietly went to reheat the leftovers from lunch.
Emma didn't leave the house. Instead, she went to her room to take a shower. When she came out in fresh clothes, Peyton had reheated the food and even cooked a few extra dishes. Peyton took out the last two thousand dollars they had and placed it on the table. "This is all the money we have left. An abortion will probably cost a thousand, and with the rest, we can sell some of our stuff and rent a place in town."
Emma stayed silent. Peyton seemed to realize her daughter was angry with her. But that was the mindset here, shared by everyone around. She was just a bit selfish, worried about her daughter moving away and leaving no one to take care of her. And since her daughter had no suitors, when the Odeberg family showed interest, offering thirty thousand as a dowry and promising a life in town, it didn't seem like a bad deal.
She truly didn't understand how things had gotten to this point. After a while, Emma finally spoke up, looking at the dishes on the table.
"Mom, is it that no matter how good I am or how much I give, it's never as good as having a son?"
The village prided itself on having sons. No matter how capable a woman was, if she couldn't bear a son, she might be sent back to her family, just like a traded good. If a woman didn't want to marry and reached thirty, she became the butt of everyone's jokes. The gossip would always be about how so-and-so's daughter was over thirty and still without a man.
Peyton, having grown up in such an environment, naturally shared this mindset. Yet now, hearing her daughter question her, and remembering the times she carried her to school, her heart ached. Even though she had thought that way before, a stronger feeling was that even if she had a son, he might not be as thoughtful as Emma.
"Why would you think like that, Emma? Have I ever made a decision that wasn't for your best? Are you trying to drive me to my grave?"
Peyton started to cry again, pushing the money toward her.
"Take the money. In a few days, we'll move to town."
Emma took a deep breath, making a decision.
"I've decided not to abort the baby."
Peyton stiffened, shaking with anger. Was this a path to ruin?
"Do you know what it's like to raise a child on your own? The kind of gossip you'll have to endure? You're still young; you might find a man in town, but with a child in tow, no man will want you." 
en FindNovel
"Men! Men! It's always about men! Why should I live my life depending on men? Even if it kills me, I'll raise this child!"
Peyton panicked at her daughter's words.
"Look around! Which family without a man has ever survived here? We've always been the talk of the town, bullied and looked down upon! Emma, you're becoming more rebellious by the day." 
Emma looked up, her eyes calm.
"Mom, either I keep this baby and you leave me be, and we move to town together, or you throw me out, and I'll fend for myself. I'll never come back. I've paid my dues over the years, fulfilled my duties without fail. If you keep trying to impose your beliefs on me, then maybe it's best we end our mother-daughter relationship." 
The room fell silent, the weight of Emma's words hanging in the air. Peyton's tears blurred her vision as she grappled with the reality of her daughter's resolve.
###Chapter 1198
Emma only needed three days to pack up and leave the village behind.
Their home never had much to begin with. They sold the land for a bit over ten thousand dollars. With that sum, plus a few clothes on their backs, she and her mom headed to town, no clear plan in sight. Peyton had backed off from pressuring Emma to end her pregnancy, especially after Emma threatened to cut ties. These past few days, Peyton had been walking on eggshells, terrified of upsetting her daughter further. Thankfully, Emma was feeling better, both physically and mentally, without the constant anxiety that had been plaguing her.
With the remaining money, they found a modest apartment renting for three hundred a month. It was small, about fifty square meters, but it had a kitchen and a bathroom-enough for both of them to start anew. Emma spent half of their money on Peyton's medication for the year.
Upon hearing this, Peyton was heartbroken. "Why'd you spend so much on meds? You've got a baby on the way and refuse to consider other options. We need every penny we can get, especially for proper nutrition. You need to have at least a chicken stew every week; where else will the nutrients come from?"
Emma simply stored the medication in the cabinet. It filled three cabinets, with excess spilling onto the floor.
"Mom, we'll make it work. I've already had a job interview at the hospital. It looks promising, and the job pays two thousand eight hundred a month. Our rent is only three hundred, and we still have some savings. We'll figure out the rest as we go." Peyton sighed, then fell silent.
"Maybe I should look for a job as a nanny."
"You should rest instead."
"I've rested enough; it's been tough on you as well."
Hearing this, Emma's eyes welled up with tears.
Her job interview at the local hospital went smoothly, and it seemed like the small town was becoming busier by the day.
On her first day, Emma overheard some young girls gushing about a famous celebrity.
"She's absolutely stunning, far more than on TV. I thought she couldn't be any prettier, but seeing her in person, she's like a goddess!"
"Aubree's debut was in such a high-profile film, and now she's tackling real-life stories. She's definitely aiming for awards."
"Her acting is top-notch, outshining so many young actresses. And hear this, she's teaming up with Ricardo again, though this time he's not the lead. The lead is Keiran. My god, what a cast!"
Emma didn't recognize any of the names the girls were tossing around. She diligently finished assisting them and then headed to the hospital cafeteria.
There was an old but still functioning large screen in the cafeteria. As Emma sat down with her tray, she caught sight of Aubree on the screen and froze. The town was abuzz, more so than the village, and many of her colleagues were star-struck fans.
"Emma, do you know her? She's
gorgeous, IS
she? Have you
set
noticed how our town's gotten busier? Word is Aubree, along with Ricardo and Keiran, are filming here. Fans have flooded in. Every inn is booked, and there are tents all over the square." 
Emma was stunned. A celebrity!
She had spoken to a celebrity last time?
"She's that famous?"
Her colleague looked at her incredulously.
"You don't know Aubree? Her first film was a blockbuster! Don't tell me you've never been to the cinema."
Feeling slightly embarrassed, as she indeed had never been to a cinema, Emma quickly brushed it off, knowing her colleague meant no harm.
"Yeah, she's huge. The hottest
actress right now, and her rise to fame was rapid. Imagine getting her autograph; it could go for ten thousand dollars. But she rarely signs autographs now. To prevent fans from inflating the prices, she said on Twitter she'd only do photos, no autographs." 
An autograph worth ten thousand?
Dazed, Emma barely finished her meal when a swarm of bodyguards entered, causing a commotion.
Soon, sh
saw Aubree, protected by
the guards, walking in with a bleeding hand, probably froman on-set injury. 
Aubree locked eyes with Emma, a flicker of recognition crossing her face.
###Chapter 1199
Wasn't she the woman who got her heart broken by a jerk named Dustin? Turns out, she's the town doctor. "Quick! Where's the doctor? Someone get over here and dress this wound!"
The agent shouted in a panic while the bodyguards rushed to the door to hold back the frenzied fans.
Aubree was hurt, and given her current status, it was a big deal!
It didn't take long for her to trend on Twitter, and the topic exploded.
Her fame was overwhelming. Entering this hospital turned it into a madhouse.
Aubree frowned, tilted her chin up, and pointed at Emma.
"Let her do it. It's not serious. Just clean and bandage it. No need to make a fuss."
Emma froze in place until the attending physician gave her a quick nudge.
"What are you waiting for? Go on."
Emma hurriedly nodded, helped Aubree into the room, and began to treat her wound.
Aubree's agent, from Stellar Stage Entertainment, was highly responsible. With Aubree's injury trending, the agent had already received a slew of calls from the media, all eager to get a piece of the action.
The agent quickly brushed them off but paused when she saw Andrew's call, instinctively glancing at Aubree.
She couldn't just ignore this call.
Moving to a secluded corner, she answered, "Mr. Clements."
"She's injured?"
"Yes, a prop cut her hand. She's at the hospital now, but it's not serious."
"A prop cut her? Didn't anyone check these props beforehand?"
The agent tasted bitterness; it was the prop department's mistake, yet she was getting scolded.
She heard heavy breathing from the other end of the line, guessing Mr. Clements was running.
"I'll catch the next flight over. Make sure she's okay and nothing else happens."
"I understand, Mr. Clements."
After hanging up, the agent wiped the sweat from her forehead, only to see Aubree chatting with the doctor treating her.
Aubree found this woman beautiful, with a raw charm unlike the polished belles raised in the city.
"How's your child?"
Emma didn't expect her to remember, considering she was a celebrity who met countless people daily.
"Still in the womb."
"Planning on keeping it?"
"Yes."
Emma had regained her composure by then, carefully bandaging the wound.
Finally, Aubree had to head back to the set, but before leaving, she pulled out a piece of paper.
"Let me give you an autograph."
Emma had just found out from a coworker that day that Aubree seldom signed autographs to avoid disrupting the market.
She immediately wanted to decline, but with so many eyes on her, rejecting Aubree publicly could embarrass her. So, she just pursed her lips. "Thank you."
Aubree coolly signed her name and left with her agent and security.
People immediately crowded around Emma.
"You're so lucky to get her autograph."
"I'll give you seven hundred bucks for it!"
"Emma, sell me that autograph, I'll pay any price."
Emma indeed needed money, but the autograph was sincerely given. Selling it would feel wrong.
"Sorry, it's not for sale."
Her colleagues looked disappointed, wishing they had been the ones to treat Aubree.
When Aubree returned to the set, she saw Ricardo on the phone.
Ricardo was an odd character. Friendly, yet without close friends but not somber either, despite his harmless appearance. He always had a smile for everyone. 
Whatever the person on the other end said, Ricardo's eyes flashed with a hint of malice. The voice of a professor came through.
"The organization is gone. Everyone's scattered, trying to regroup. Ricardo, it's time you came back. You've been out there long enough, don't forget who you are." 
Ricardo had been following recent global news. The North American monarchy faced worldwide accusations. Prince Arthur had publicly promised to investigate the secrets of a certain mountain thoroughly and provide the world with answers. 
Ricardo, merely an assassin for the organization, followed orders from its members like a tool.
The professor sighed heavily on the phone.
"That traitor, I never thought they'd go this far. It must be Brielle's doing. We need to retaliate at all costs, Ricardo. We must make them pay." Bloodshot eyes spoke of the professor's rage. Now scattered, the organization had fallen apart, and i was unclear how many were left. But it didn't matter. They still had themselves.
It was all Brielle's fault. If only Brielle had been eliminated back then, things wouldn't have escalated to this point.
###Chapter 1200
"Word's out that you're hitting it big in Australia, Ricardo. You're not thinking of ditching us, are you?"
"Don't forget who cleaned up your sister's mess. You owe the organization, and that's a debt you'll never fully repay." Ricardo's lashes fluttered as he was about to reply, but Aubree's voice interrupted from behind.
"Ricardo, done for the night?"
He put his phone down and smiled at her. "Yeah, Aubree. How about you? They fix that scratch?"
"It was nothing serious, just the director blowing things out of proportion."
This film was her second project with John, and their collaboration was seamless, sticking to contemporary themes.
John had become Stellar Stage Entertainment's go-to director after their first hit. Any script he liked got full backing from Stellar Stage Entertainment.
The company wasn't the underdog it used to be. Brielle's takeover, her high-profile romance with Dorsey International's CEO Max, and the revelation that she was the heiress to the Infinity Brilliance diamond empire had completely turned things around. With Max's Dream Tech Designs in their corner, Stellar Stage Entertainment was now a powerhouse in the industry.
Artists who were once sidelined now stood tall, proud to be part of Stellar Stage Entertainment. The company valued talent and hard work, making it tough to get in. They were even looking for fresh faces in the booming live-streaming scene, tapping into new talent. The entertainment world was now queuing up for a chance to collaborate with Stellar Stage Entertainment, a testament to John's rise from controversy to acclaim in less than a year.
Aubree and Ricardo had become Stellar Stage Entertainment's golden geese, and with the popular Keiran, their latest movie boasted an impressive cast. The buzz was unstoppable from the moment the cast was announced.
Stellar Stage Entertainment was now cooling off the hype strategically to avoid overexposure.
As Aubree looked at Ricardo, her gaze shifted to her agent.
"Speaking of scouting for live stream talent, what about the doctor who treated me just now?"
A good agent always has an eye for opportunity.
"Lynn, that doctor definitely stands out, almost like a wild creature with a unique charm. The market's leaning towards strong, independent women now, breaking away from the frail and delicate stereotype. She'd be perfect." 
"Then get in touch. It could be a great opportunity for her, especially if she's struggling financially."
Her agent nodded, then hesitated
before
adding, "Lynn, Mr. Clementet
called earlier. He's probably on his flight by now." 
SWOO
Aubree's mood soured at the mention, a headache brewing.
Ever since Max's accident, Andrew had been tirelessly pursuing her, hardly giving her a moment's peace.
The Clements family was well aware
of his intentions, initially opposede
but eventually relenting due to his determination. 
But Aubree wanted no part in these complications. She wished only to focus on her acting.
There's a saying online: can two people who've loved each other ever just be friends?
For her, it was impossible. The hurt was like nails in wood; even if you pull them out, the scars remain.
###Chapter 1201
No matter how many times she gave him the cold shoulder, Andrew kept showing up. Eventually, she just stopped trying to push him away. Rubbing her temples, she sighed, "Alright, I get it."
She wouldn't tell her agent to stop calling Andrew. After all, Aubree Clements was the CEO of Clements Corporation, and pressuring her agent would only make life harder for the young woman. With that, her agent left to find Emma.
Emma had just gotten back to her tiny rented apartment when she saw her mom, Peyton, struggling to walk in, hand on her lower back. "Mom?"
Peyton had been out job hunting that day and had managed to find a gig doing laundry for others, earning $500 a month. But all the bending had taken a toll on her back, leaving her barely able to stand straight and her face contorted with pain. Emma felt a wave of helplessness, a feeling she knew many kids could relate to. Parents could be selfish at times, but their intentions were always good, even if their actions sometimes hurt.
If Peyton had blown the $5,000 grant they received years ago, Emma would have been devastated. But Peyton hadn't touched a cent of it, saving it all these years.
Back when Emma's dad was still alive, Peyton was always frugal-hesitant to spend on anything unnecessary. Emma thought to herself that if Peyton had been truly heartless, she would have left without a second thought. But Peyton wasn't like that, even if she could be selfish at times. It was a painful dilemma.
"Emma," Peyton called out, her face pale from the pain. "I looked for nanny jobs today, but no one would take me, afraid I'd cause trouble. After begging, they finally agreed to let me do laundry. At least it's close to home, less than a mile away. The family's nice they paid me the $500 upfront. You should take it and buy a chicken tomorrow."
She handed Emma five crisp bills, placing them in her hand.
Emma clenched the money and, noticing Peyton's worn-out shoes revealing a big toe, sighed deeply. "Let's get you a new pair of shoes tomorrow instead."
Peyton's expression instantly turned cold. "Shoes? You think this is back in our hometown where you can get a pair of sandals for a few bucks? Shoes here cost at least a hundred, might as well be robbing us."
Peyton, still holding her back, glanced at Emma's stomach, knowing Emma was adamant about not terminating her pregnancy. She decided not to push further, to avoid damaging their relationship beyond repair.
Emma helped her inside, feeling a
mix of emotions. They still had a few thousand saved up; there was no need to be so frugal, especially since she had her own salary now. But the older generation always believed in saving wherever possible, a mindset hard to change, much like Reyton's traditional views on women. Yet, agreeing to let Emma keep the baby was a significant step forward for Peyton. 
As Emma was about to head inside, a voice stopped her. "Excuse me, are you Emma?"
Emma tensed and turned to see Aubree's agent, fearing there was an issue with the autograph she had received. "I didn't sell that autograph."
The agent sized her up: tall, with
long legs, and a unique tan complexion: "I'm from Stellar Stage Entertainment. We're interested in discussing a potential contract with you to become a streamer. Would Ms. Emma be interested?" 
Both Peyton and Emma were clueless about what being a streamer entailed, but Emma, having seen the agent before, knew she wasn't a threat. "Can you wait a moment? I'll talk after I've settled my mom for the night." 
After a long day, Peyton was visibly exhausted. Once inside, Peyton clutched Emma's hand. "Emma, don't trust people here so easily. We're new in town, and they might think we're easy targets."
"Don't worry, Mom. She's a big celebrity's agent, surrounded by people at the hospital today. I saw her; nothing will happen."
Reassured, Peyton let go and fell asleep almost instantly. After tucking her mother in, Emma stepped outside to talk to the agent, who waited patiently in their cramped living room.
"Ms. Emma, you have a great look and presence. How much do you know about Stellar Stage Entertainment? We're expanding into streaming and looking for new talent."
Emma wasn't easily swayed by pie-in-the-sky offers. "What skills do I need to be a streamer?"
"Just be engaging and chat with viewers. We don't pressure our streamers for gifts from the audience."
The agent pulled up a live stream on her phone, showing a beautiful streamer dancing energetically. Emma cringed at the sight, hastily declining the offer.
###Chapter 1202
"Sorry, I just can't do this. You should find someone else."
"Ms. Emma, the dance floor is where this streamer shines, but you can choose something else anything, really. The company will give you a chance, and while you're training, we'll take care of your meals, three times a day. Plus, there's free lodging in Beaconsfield. Stellar Stage Entertainment offers the best benefits in the industry right now. Your look is exactly what young girls these days are idolizing. I hope you'll consider it."
Her look?
It wasn't the first time Emma heard these words from the agent's mouth. Back in her hometown, her appearance was a subject of mockery. People joked that Peyton must have eaten mud while pregnant, how else could she have given birth to a child with such a complexion?
But now, this celebrity agent was telling her she had a unique aura.
Emma, though she never went to college, was educated enough to recognize an opportunity when she saw one. She had missed her chance for higher education, but now, another golden opportunity was laid out before her.
She thought back to her last visit to Beaconsfield, with its towering buildings and trendy young women, the $35 bowls of beef stew that seemed so extravagant at the time.
Experience told her staying in her small town was the safer choice. Rent was cheap, and she had found a job. As long as she worked hard, she could just about get by. Venturing into a big place like Beaconsfield seemed reckless. She might not even know how she ended up dying there.
But her teacher's words echoed in her mind, urging her to see more of the world.
The agent left her a number and asked her to think it over, mentioning that the production team would only be in town for three more days before heading back.
The next morning, Emma discussed the matter with Peyton.
Peyton immediately shook her head. "Beaconsfield, Emma? Who from our village has ever been to Beaconsfield? We've just settled down here, and now you want to leave? Don't you remember your father wanted to go there to make money and ended up dying there?" As Emma served Peyton her meal and sat down, she pondered.
"Mom, I want to try my luck."
She didn't want to live with regrets.
"How can a girl be so restless? A decent job is all you need. You're working at the hospital-that's a job people envy. Beaconsfield is no place for us."
Peyton wanted to add that once Emma's job was stable, she could find a man in the hospital, get married, and both would have steady jobs, which would be good for their future children.
But seeing how Emma was against the idea of terminating her pregnancy and disgusted by the mention of finding a man, Peyton remained silent.
Emma took a deep breath.
"Mom, I'm still young. I want to see more of the world. Don't worry, if you come with me, I won't let you go hungry, even if it means I starve myself." 
The mention of starvation made Peyton stiffen, reminded of the time Emma was locked away for three days with only old corn to eat.
She knew this incident had left a deep scar on her daughter, so she just held her bowl and said nothing more.
Three days later, Emma, along with Peyton, quit her job and followed the production team to Beaconsfield.
In North America, within a castle....
Brielle woke from a nap to a familiar yet unsettling feeling.
Her heart clenched at the sudden wave of nostalgia.
King had been called away for an important meeting related to Saudi Arabia, and despite his reluctance, he had gone.
Brielle decided it was time to visit her old exchange university for clues.
Driving to the campus, she realized she couldn't remember any details of her time there.
She walked the pathways, trying to absorb the academic atmosphere, but her past professors and financial studies remained foggy until she checked her phone for some names, barely jogging her memory. 
"Are you Brielle?"
Turning to the voice, Brielle saw an unfamiliar face who seemed to know her.
"Back at school, huh?"
Confused, Brielle politely nodded.
The girl, an Australian with a load of books and thick glasses, seemed taken aback by Brielle's question.
"Easy to forget, huh? You weren't the
only exchange student, but we
weren't in the same field. I'm. from Beaconsfield
l.ne
belongs to en.kikistori
Ignoring the sting in her words, Brielle nodded politely.
"And your boyfriend? He was rich, driving fancy cars. Years later, you're the princess of Infinity Brilliance."
The sarcasm was evident as the woman clutched her books, eyeing Brielle.
Brielle chuckled lightly, "What boyfriend?"
###Chapter 1203
The air grew cold as the woman's demeanor shifted, her words slicing through Brielle's confusion like a knife. "Looks like becoming a little princess made you forget a lot. I thought you were head over heels for your boyfriend." Brielle struggled to make sense of it all, but the woman continued with a scoff. "Well, now that you're royalty, he's hardly in your league anymore."
Brielle stood there, ready to reply, when she saw a man approaching from a distance-Prince Arthur.
Dressed in a sharp black suit, Prince Arthur finally noticed Brielle. The bespectacled woman, clearly familiar with the prince, quickly made her exit but left a parting remark. "I took a picture of you two once. If you want it, it's in the classroom where we used to watch movies."
The school they were at was renowned for producing presidents, scientists, and royalty.
With that, she was gone.
Prince Arthur, now beside Brielle, offered a smile and an outstretched hand. Despite Brielle's reservations, something about him felt oddly direct.
"Ms. Brielle, care to join me for a stroll? The cafeteria's got a great selection of Australian cuisine. I'm friends with your brother, Dustin Lynch, after all," he said, dropping Dustin's name and hinting at the connections between their families.
After exchanging a few words, Brielle was ready to head into the school.
Brielle, with no immediate excuse to decline and a curiosity to explore, agreed.
But she had overlooked one detail.
Arthur's face was a staple on national media, making his presence an instant sensation. As they walked, the crowd buzzed, everyone eager to get close.
Arthur attempted to shield Brielle, but she quickly created distance between them.
Despite the flurry of cameras, Arthur maintained his princely grace, greeting the crowd before catching up with Brielle.
Regret started to set in for Brielle as both staff and students began snapping photos, causing a frenzy online.
Meanwhile, the King was in
discussions with Saudi officials about the country's plans, expected to return for a national festival where he was revered almost as a deity. Traditionally, this celebration demanded his presence, a spectacle of dinner and grandeur to which he'd once worn a mask to disguise his boredom. Since then, Myles had taken his place, the mask ensuring anonymity. 
Only the core members of the Saudi circle had seen the King's true face, his loyalists, ensuring his secrets were safe.
As pleas for his attendance at the
Eid al-Adha festival reached him, the King remained noncommittal, his attention divided by the unfolding situation with Brielle, who was on the cusp of remembering their past. 
QUMS
Checking his phone, the King found photos of Brielle with Arthur, a sight that ignited his fury.
The Saudi officials, sensing his mood turn, fell silent.
Deciding to delay his return, the King focused on the immediate crisis.
Brielle, meanwhile, found herself eager to escape Arthur's
overwhelming hospitality when the King called, offering her the perfect excuse. 
"Sorry, my family needs me. I have to go," she said, relieved.
But as she spoke, armed individuals suddenly stormed in, targeting Arthur and Brielle.
In a split-second decision, Arthur threw himself in front of Brielle, taking a bullet meant for her in a heroic, public sacrifice.
###Chapter 1204
Brielle's face had gone ice-cold, her eyes hardening as she realized there was no way out now. The gunmen had been subdued, and Arthur lay sprawled over her, covered in blood. Onlookers had already gathered, helping them into the ambulance.
Brielle was no stranger to the North American media; her face was well-known. Arthur, too, was a frequent presence in the spotlight, often seen in interviews. Now, with him injured while protecting the "Diamond Princess," rumors were flying about whether Arthur had a
secret crush on Brielle. Was this the start of an epic love story?
The North American press, never one to miss a juicy story, plastered images of Arthur's injury all over the news. Being a globally recognized heir, Arthur's injury was big news, causing ripples even in Congress. Caught up in the media frenzy, Brielle had no choice but to stay in the hospital.
Journalists swarmed the hospital, making it nearly impossible to get in or out. Amid the chaos, Brielle felt a surge of irritation. She reached for her phone, only to realize it had been lost in the crowd. Rubbing her temples, she felt utterly disconnected. Meanwhile, the news about her and Arthur was blowing up everywhere. King, unable to reach her, grew increasingly furious, his demeanor as cold as ice. Notifications buzzed incessantly, hinting at Brielle's future as the nation's queen consort. The North American media was in an uproar.
King watched silently, recognizing Brielle had gone to investigate something at school and had ended up getting closer to Arthur. Arthur, that cunning fox. At thirty-two, Arthur was in his prime but had yet to ascend to the throne, a situation King blamed on Arthur's past actions with the princess. King's disdain for the North American royalty was well-known, and now, with Brielle getting close to Arthur-even to the point of taking a bullet for her-King felt a fire rage within him.
He had reluctantly given her some freedom, and now she was defying him at every turn. Fuming, his eyes glinted with a hint of red.
Trapped in the hospital, unable to contact anyone, Brielle tried to borrow a phone. But the hospital was in an uproar, with everyone rushing around due to the prince's injury. No one had time to spare her a glance.
The lead doctor was busy extracting the bullet from Arthur, who, in his delirium, called out for Brielle. With no other option to calm the patient, they sought out Brielle.
"Ms. Brielle, Prince Arthur is asking
for you. He hopes you could accompany him for a while," they
of
said, cornering her with a sense moral obligation. If she refused, she faced condemnation from all of North America, possibly tarnishing the Lynch family's reputation. 
Brielle's expression darkened. She didn't care if Arthur was genuinely calling for her or putting on a show she had to enter the room. This moment was captured by the media allowed inside, snapping a photo of Brielle tending to Arthur and promptly sharing it online. With the prince injured, news about him
quickly surged in popularity.
Now, with Brielle by his side, rumors of mutual affection spread like wildfire. "Looks like we'll have a queen soon. Is the wedding just around the corner?"
"The Lynch family's princess is truly beautiful, the most stunning Australian I've ever seen. Of course, Ms. Sarah was also a beauty in her day."
"Besides Ms. Sarah, have you forgotten the other famous beauty from Australia? Simone was chased by many a tycoon for her looks. Though not many remember her name now, her beauty was once the talk of Australia."
The internet was abuzz, and with each passing moment, King's fury only grew He was left alone, his icy demeanor repelling anyone from coming close. With a scornful laugh, King tossed his phone aside, trying to quell the storm of emotions within him. 
When she returned, he was determined to hear her side of the story.
###Chapter 1205
Arthur's surgery dragged on into the night, and once the bullet was out, he was wheeled into a hospital room. The rest of the royal family soon arrived to check on him. Brielle found herself the center of attention, surrounded by a flurry of activity. Some people even had the nerve to call her "Her Royal Highness," a title she quickly shot down. "I'm hardly acquainted with Prince Arthur," she insisted, trying to quash the rumors and whispers.
Prince Arthur's sister, with her golden locks and piercing blue eyes, smirked at Brielle's discomfort. "Given the situation here in Australia, should I be calling you 'sister-in-law'?" she teased, her eyes locked on Brielle's with a calm, measured stare.
Brielle was taken aback, but the princess continued smoothly. "My brother got hurt because of you. His safety affects the entire nation. Ms. Brielle, don't you think you owe us? Otherwise, the relationship between the royal family and the Lynch family might suffer." It was a thinly veiled threat, leveraging the Lynch name. Brielle, who had just reconnected with her family and shared only two meals with them, wasn't keen on causing any trouble.
The royal family's tactic was underhanded, to say the least.
Now, Brielle was sure that Arthur's injury was a calculated move a testament to someone's cunning to orchestrate events with such precision. It was a dangerous game, one that could have cost him his life if things had gone slightly awry. However, for the sake of their plan, Arthur was willing to gamble.
Reflecting on the situation, Brielle couldn't help but blame herself for not rejecting Arthur outright from the start, for not considering the full implications of their association.
Confronted with the princess's aggressive stance, Brielle quickly regained her composure and responded with a polite smile. "I'm sorry, but I'm already engaged and have a child. I believe the royal family, considering its reputation, wouldn't want a divorced woman as a bride?"
The princess was momentarily taken aback, evidently unaware of Brielle's child. The absence of any rumors online only added to her surprise, leaving her wondering if her brother was aware of this development.
Stumped, the princess furrowed her brows, unable to come up with a retort.
Brielle, noting the late hour, excused herself. "My child is home alone, and I'm worried. As for the kindness Prince Arthur has shown me, I will remember it. But as for becoming his wife, the child's father is very much alive and we are happily planning our wedding. So, hope you can clarify the situation with the media. Otherwise, if my child's identity comes out, it might embarrass the royal family, don't you think?" 
The idea of a prince taking a bullet for a woman with a child would indeed be scandalous, casting doubt on the prince's judgment and, by extension, the dignity of the nation he represents.
With the doctor confirming Arthur's stable condition and the conversation turning awkward, Brielle politely excused herself, wishing Arthur a speedy recovery before leaving.
The moment Brielle was out of sight, Arthur, who had been feigning unconsciousness, opened his eyes, casting a cold glare at his sister, Princess Meredith.
Meredith shrank under his gaze as
Arthur coughed, his voice laced with disappointment and a hint of a plan. "Get close to King. Myles told me
King is inherently distrustful and net
unlikely to believe Brielle has any affection for him. This media frenzy is bound to infuriate him, presenting an opportunity. Don't disappoint me." 
Princess Meredith, recalling the brief encounter with King during a
previous crisis, couldn't help but be
drawn to the idea. With the Lynch asa
family as a scapegoat and the royal family poised to take over their
diamond resources, Meredith
envisioned a future where her
brother ascended to even greater power, facilitated by her own
strategic alliances. 
"Brother, I understand," she replied, her mind racing with plans to exploit the situation to their advantage.
###Chapter 1206
Brielle felt a strange chill as she walked back to the castle that evening. It was weirdly quiet, especially after the recent influx of staff. It was already 10 p.m., and the whole place seemed asleep, not a light on in the living room. When she entered the living room, she was startled to find someone sitting in the dark on the couch, like they'd been there for ages. Flicking on the light, she saw King, deep in thought.
"Why are you sitting in the dark?" she asked, bending down to change her shoes. But before she could, King grabbed her, lifting her onto the entryway cabinet. Brielle's face darkened as she realized what he was about to do. "This is the living room! People live here. The butler, Isaac... What if someone sees?" she protested, but her words were smothered by his kisses, leaving her breathless and furious.
Ignoring her, King began to undress her, but Brielle, fueled by anger, broke free and slapped him hard across the face.
He turned his head slightly, touching his cheek, his long lashes casting shadows on his face. The room fell into an uneasy silence.
Brielle's heart ached at the sight of him. "I..."
The slap had left a visible mark, his face swelling with the imprint of her fingers. She jumped down from the cabinet, concerned. "I'll get the first aid kit."
But King just stood there, not looking at her, and walked out the door.
"King!" Brielle called after him, clutching her clothes around her and trying to follow, but he was already out of reach.
"King!" She called again, but he didn't stop.
Left standing alone, Brielle felt a mix of exhaustion, sleepiness, and anger. Taking a deep breath, she couldn't help but blurt out, "If you leave, don't bother coming back."
At this, King paused, turning to look at her quietly before responding, "If I don't come back, then I don't come back."
Now, it was Brielle who was rooted to the spot.
"Daddy?" A small voice came from the balcony.
Isaac had witnessed their argument. King, however, focused on his child, instructing, "Come downstairs."
Isaac, unaware of the situation but sensing the tension, obediently came down with Noir.
Brielle felt choked up, unable to speak.
King, holding Isaac close, told Brielle, "You don't want to see me anyway. I'm heading back to Saudi Arabia. I won't come back."
With that, he got into the car, which sped off into the night.
King hugged Isaac tighter,
contemplating before instructing the driver to stop a few hundred meters away from the castle, hoping Brielle might come out. But after half an hour of waiting in vain, he felt a deep sense of rejection. 
"We're going back to Saudi," he said to Isaac, who nodded, supporting his father's decision.
Brielle stood immobilized by a heavy heart and legs that refused to move, her entire being aching with a mixture of cold and numbness. Eventually, she made her way back inside the castle, which felt emptier than ever. 
After a restless night filled with hunger and insomnia, Brielle was woken by a knock on her door. It was Dustin.
"Little Falcon?" Dustin called out, concerned at her pallor.
Brielle managed to get up, her body weak.
Seeing her condition, Dustin frowned. "You look awful. Tried calling you, but got no answer. The butler said you were sleeping. Where's your phone? Lost it?"
"I lost it, brother. I'm sorry," Brielle's voice was hoarse, her illness evident.
Dustin touched her forehead,
concerned. "You've got a fever.
Didn't you notice? And where's King?
Usually, you two are inseparable.
Where is he when you need him?"
###Chapter 1207
Brielle's eyes welled up, but she couldn't find the words, her throat feeling like it was on fire. Dustin, noticing her distress, promptly had someone bring over a glass of water and placed it in front of her.
After a few sips, Brielle felt the burning sensation in her throat ease. Dustin sat across from her, his suit jacket discarded at the entryway, now just in a crisp dress shirt. His fair skin seemed to glow in the sunlight streaming in, but Brielle was too preoccupied to notice. "So, what's the deal with you and Arthur? Keep your distance. Ever since the royal family started that organization, I've had a bad feeling. And now, the media's having a field day with you two."
"He played me. I never thought he'd gamble with his own life."
Dustin didn't need to spell out how the headlines would sensationalize their story. Naturally, they'd go for the most scandalous angle. Brielle was fuming, partly at herself, for not immediately pulling away when she saw Arthur, giving him an opening. She had been focused on keeping the peace because of the Lynch family's agreements with the royals, and now she was in a tight spot.
"Where's King?" Dustin asked, glancing around, noticing the absence of the man who usually stuck to Brielle like glue. It was odd, given his usual insistence on being close, yet today, he was nowhere to be seen.
"He left," Brielle replied, her voice barely a whisper. Her grip on the cup was so tight her knuckles turned white. She hadn't slept all night, troubled by Arthur's actions, and now, just thinking of King made her heart ache.
"Left? Where to? Grocery shopping or something?" Dustin's guess wasn't far off, considering King's usual eagerness to please Brielle, but it was shocking to hear he had left North America. Just the other day, everyone had been enjoying themselves at the Lynch's, and now he had taken off with his child to Saudi Arabia, showing a clear intent of not returning.
"He's gone back to Saudi Arabia. Says he's not coming back." Brielle's voice cracked, nearly breaking into tears, though she tried to convince herself, 'It's just King, not Max.' Even so, her heart couldn't help but feel heavy.
Dustin was taken aback, then frowned deeply. "What about Isaac?"
"He left with him."
"Did King ever talk to you about Isaac?" Dustin asked carefully.
"Yeah, his kid with his first love. All that talk about his 'greatest love,' what a joke." Brielle didn't realize the bitterness in her voice as she spoke.
Dustin rubbed his forehead, a slight twitch at the corner of his mouth. "So, what now? You two just gonna leave it at this?"
Brielle fell silent, her eyes growing
distant. "I don't know. I'm always torn. My indulgence towards him-is it because of Max's face, or because of King himself? I wonder if my concern for him is also because of Max. Everything's a mess in my head. I can't stand seeing him hurt, yet I feel utterly guilty towards Max." 
Brielle's head throbbed with pain, her feverish cheeks flushed. She didn't chase after King last night, realizing in that moment what she had been doing always indulging him. His clinginess, his mood swings, The loneliness he radiated when alone felt like a knife to her heart. 
"Maybe it's good for us to cool off. Doesn't he have his first love?" Brielle muttered.
Dustin remained silent, knowing well that Brielle was the 'first love' King had mentioned but had been asked to keep i under wraps. Speaking out now might complicate matters especially with the royal family's schemes looming. Arthur's sudden move-what was his intent?
Dustin tapped his fingers on the sofa, considering if the goal was to pressure Brielle into marriage using public opinion-a truly sinister plan.
"Little Dove," Dustin began, using a nickname to soften his words, "now everyone's talking about you as a future queen, a president's wife. Maybe King saw all that and decided to leave."
It seemed King lacked trust in Brielle. If it were Max, things might have been different.
###Chapter 1208
But when you get right down to it, who's really to blame for all of this?
Brielle gave Max a love that was equal, a commitment so deep they'd face death together. But with King, she was often as cold as ice.
"Little Eagle, don't sweat the royal family and the Lynch family's relationship," Dustin reassured her. "The Lynch family didn't climb the ladder by hanging onto the royal family's coattails. As long as we control the diamond mines, the royals will have to find another way. Right now, it looks like they've got their eyes set on you."
Dustin had a sharp sense for these things. He knew Arthur's motives went beyond just wanting Brielle; it seemed like he was dead set on driving a wedge between her and King.
King wasn't Max. When it came to Brielle, he could never keep his cool. And Arthur took full advantage, managing to push King out of North America with just one move.
But what was Arthur's endgame in tearing them apart?
Dustin was still trying to figure it out when Brielle laid it all bare.
"Bro, there's something seriously off about Arthur. He's risking everything just to stir up trouble between King and me. It's not just about turning public opinion. The royal family's under fire from all over the world. If the investigation into that mountain doesn't go well, they'll need a scapegoat. Who do you think they'll pin it on?"
Imprisoning geniuses from around the globe isn't something a small-time family could pull off. World leaders aren't idiots; they wouldn't let the North American royals fool them so easily.
The Lynch family was the perfect patsy.
"Bro, what deal did you sign with Arthur?" Brielle asked.
Dustin went over the details, piecing together the royal family's plan. They felt ripped off by the agreement and couldn't squeeze any more out of the Lynch family. So, they figured they'd just throw the Lynch family under the bus. Dustin scoffed, "Arthur's no fool, playing his cards right."
"Little Eagle, I'll talk to Mom and Dad, figure out a game plan. Just steer clear of the royal's lackeys. When they're desperate, they'll try anything."
Brielle nodded, feeling Dustin's comforting hand on her forehead.
"Take the fever reducer. Even if you're pissed, don't mess around with your health."
Dustin called Orla, the housekeeper, to bring the medicine. Orla, Max's aunt and more than just a housekeeper, was also deep into
research. She had a soft spot fome
Brielle, believing she and King were a great match. Seeing them fight, she could only hope they'd patch things up soon, like a concerne belder who had been out of the loop for years. 
Brielle took her meds and rested on the couch, recalling the words of a bespectacled woman who claimed to have photos of her and a boyfriend. But Brielle couldn't remember having a boyfriend during her exchange program.
She quickly got a new phone and
headed straight to school once she
retrieved her SIM card, hoping to meet the woman at their supposed movie-watching spot. But after a
long
alt and still not knowing who
this woman was or her role at the school, Brielle decided to dig through the school's records. 
Soon, she caught wind of a body found in the school's river, setting off alarm bells in her head.
Following the crowd to the scene, she saw the authorities pulling the body from the water. From a distance, she couldn't make out the face, but the clothes were unmistakable it was the woman she'd spoken to, a new teacher at the school this year.
Standing amidst the chaos, with
police collecting evidence and
students buzzing around, Brielle felt
a sinking certainty. Something
crucial from her exchange program was being hidden from her. The sight of the body being pulled from the river only solidified her
conviction that this was a turning point in her life, one that someone was willing to kill over. 
###Chapter 1209
Who could've done it? Arthur, maybe?
Yesterday, Arthur did see her chatting with that woman. He stirred up all that drama to break her and King apart, and now there's a dead body. Could this be part of his plan too? If so, King must've played a significant role in her past.
Brielle's head suddenly throbbed. She leaned against a nearby tree, waiting for the stabbing pain to subside before slumping against the trunk, her face as pale as a ghost.
If King had really been a part of her life, and now she couldn't remember a thing...
The only explanation would be a hypnotist.
Brielle raised her hand, massaging her temples, and then called Ramey.
Ramey hadn't handled any of Brielle's cases for a while and had been staying in North America. Seeing her call was a surprise.
"Ms. Brielle?"
"Ramey, I'm sending you an address. Drive over here."
Ramey nodded, knowing she wouldn't call unless it was important. The last time she called him over to North America, showing him a photo of her cousin, the details were unclear, but it was clearly significant to Brielle. "Alright, I'll be right there."
Brielle hesitated for a moment, thinking of the body she'd just seen, and cautiously said, "Send me your address. I'll have a bodyguard from the Lynch family pick you up."
Ramey didn't argue. Whatever Brielle said, went.
But after hanging up and sending his address to Brielle, his phone rang again, this time from his cousin. His cousin rarely called.
"Cousin."
"Have you been in touch with Brielle recently?"
Although Ramey was also skilled in hypnosis, self-hypnosis like Myles did was a tall order.
"Yeah, Ms. Brielle just called me. She probably has something to discuss."
"Toasting, my car will get to you before hers. I have something very important to tell you."
"But I already promised Ms. Brielle."
"Toasting, I'll call Ms. Brielle and let her know to send her car directly to me."
Trusting his cousin, and considering the photo Brielle had him identify, he knew his cousin and Brielle shared some history, so he believed there was no deceit. "Okay."
After getting into Myles' car, Ramey felt unusually tired, his eyelids heavy. When he came to, the sight of the man in the wheelchair shocked him.
"Cousin, what happened to your legs?"
The bandages on Myles' face were gone, but scars crisscrossed his features, a ghastly sight. Ramey even took a step back.
"And your face, what happened? How did you end up like this?"
Sitting in his wheelchair, Myles saw his unscathed cousin and a hint of jealousy flashed in his eyes. His cousin, inferior in every aspect, remained untouched by these conspiracies, living a good life. While he, once the golden boy, had become a vermin in the sewers. "Toasting, I was betrayed by Brielle and King."
Ramey stiffened, disbelief coursing through him.To him, Brielle seemed like a decent person. As for King, he didn't know much. But considering the photo Brielle had shown him, the resemblance between his cousin and King, and King's consistent use ofa mask-was his cousin trying to mimic King? 
But why mimic King?
"Cousin, how could this happen?"
"Heh, how could it not? Years ago, I was chosen by King to mimic his every word and action, becoming his double. Now, I've taken his place in suffering turned into this, and he's discarded me. Now I'm a pawn left to rot. After all these years of service, dodging countless assassination attempts, if not for merit, then for hard labor. But my face and legs are ruined. I just can't accept it, Toasting." 
Ramey looked on in disbelief, his mind a blank slate. Combining what his cousin now said with the photo Brielle showed him that day, Ramey believed him to be truthful. But what he didn't know was that Myles was half-truth, half-lie. The mix of truth and falsehood made it impossible to distinguish between the two. 
story
###Chapter 1210
way, the King is actually Max. They've got this whole split personality thing going on."
"Hey Toasting, there's something you need to know. Brielle's gonna come after you again. She might try to badmouth me, but you've seen what's happened to me. If it weren't for Prince Arthur, I'd probably be dead. Brielle and the King-they're ruthless. Oh, and by the Ramey's eyes widened in shock. He wasn't part of Brielle's world, so all of this was news to him, and it felt like his brain was about to explode.
"Toasting, I need your help."
Ramey stood there, frozen, a chill running down his spine. The cousin he'd always admired was now in such a dire situation.
He struggled to find his voice, eventually managing a raspy, "What do you need me to do?"
"Just go along with me. Prince Arthur will take care of the rest."
Ramey lowered his gaze, unable to meet his cousin's eyes. "Alright."
Brielle sent her bodyguard to pick up Ramey, but traffic was a nightmare, delaying them by half an hour. A few minutes later, Ramey called her, saying he'd decided to drive himself.
"Ms. Brielle, you sounded pretty serious earlier. I thought something major was up. I've been thinking about taking a trip out of North America, so I figured driving myself would be quicker, y'know?"
Before he could finish, a deafening crash came through the phone.
Brielle's face turned white, and she jumped up from the couch. "Ramey?"
But all she heard was chaos on the line. She rushed outside, telling her bodyguard to track Ramey's
location. When she arrived, she saw
Ramey being loaded into an
ambulance, covered in
She
had no idea if he'd make it.
Anxiety gnawed at her, her brows furrowed deeply. All she could do was follow the ambulance to the hospital, watching as blonde nurses hurried through the corridors.
Feeling unwell herself, she leaned
against the cool hospital wall,
hoping it would help clear her head Ramey's emergency treatment lasted a whole day and night, with doctors constantly coming and going, their faces serious. 
Seeing her condition, a doctor suggested she rest, as the efforts to save Ramey would continue into the next day. But how could she leave when she was the reason for all this? Exhaustion finally won, and she got another room to catch some sleep. That evening, a doctor woke her to inform her that Ramey had been moved to a regular room. "Ma'am, are you a friend of his? Please brace yourself."
With a heavy heart, she followed the doctor to the room, where she saw Ramey, his head wrapped in bandages, his legs evidently injured, lying motionless on the bed.
"The patient's legs suffered severe crush injuries; he'll need a wheelchair. His face was badly cut by glass, leaving him disfigured. We're not sure how he'll handle this. Ms. Brielle, your support would be crucial." Disfigured. Crippled. All because of her call, Ramey was now like this.
Brielle felt a throbbing pain in her
head, her palms sweating as she sat beside him. The nurse added, "His vocal cords were damaged, so his voice will be harsh and unpleasant. It'll probably be two months before he can leave the hospital." 
After the doctor left, Brielle felt her fever rising. If she'd known Ramey would end up like this, she would never have made that call. She had dragged an innocent man into her mess, ruining his life. Rubbing her temples, she felt nauseous, overwhelmed by guilt.
###Chapter 1211
The person lying in bed didn't wake up until the afternoon, just a slight twitch of his fingertips giving him away. Brielle, who had been keeping a quiet vigil by his side, suddenly found herself at a loss for words at this sign of awakening. How does anyone come to terms with such a sudden, drastic change? "Ramey, are you in any pain? Do you need some water?" she asked gently. His head was wrapped in so many bandages that only his chapped lips were visible, a sight that tugged at her heart.
Ramey shook his head, trying to speak but finding it too exhausting. He eventually gave up and closed his mouth. Seeing this, Brielle's eyes filled with tears, overwhelmed by guilt. "I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have made that call."
Ramey tried to look at her, but it was futile. After a long pause, he managed to rasp out, "I need to rest."
Brielle quickly nodded, not wanting to disturb him any further. As she moved to get some water, Ramey spoke again, his voice barely recognizable and grating like nails on a chalkboard.
"Ms. Brielle, you should rest too."
She was exhausted, her vision slightly blurred from what felt like a fever. "Alright, I'll come back tomorrow. I know this is a lot for you to take in. There's nothing I can do to make this right, but I promise to do whatever I can to meet your needs." Out of her sight, a cold smirk played on Ramey's lips.
Leaving the hospital, Brielle felt dizzy. Spending the night in fear for Ramey had taken its toll, and now she had to return to the empty mansion. She rested her head on the steering wheel for a moment before driving back.
Back at the mansion, despite her exhaustion, she found herself unable to sleep. The vast bed felt too empty and cold. Eventually, she opted for a bath to ease her discomfort.
Checking her phone, she saw it
flooded with news about her and Arthur. With Arthur awake, the media was clamoring for interviews, but the royal guards had sealed of the hospital, allowing no one but royal family members entry.
Frustrated by the situation and Arthur's role in the unfolding events, Brielle took a deep breath and logged into her international social media account. Her first post was bold and straightforward: "I'm expecting a child out of wedlock. Wedding plans are underway, but I won't be a First Lady."
Her message was clear, especially since previous attempts to clarify the situation through royal channels had failed. Now, she took matters into her own hands.
The news of her relationship with
Prince Arthur wasn't just a sensation in North America; it was worldwide, with their hometown of Beaconsfield particularly interested. Her post didn't shy away from her pregnancy or the circumstances it had created. 
Following up, she addressed the incident with Arthur directly:
"Prince Arthur is a friend of my brother. I appreciate his help, but I could have dodged that bullet. In the chaos, we both ended up hurt."
Despite her anger, she knew she had to maintain a certain decorum due to her status. The online reaction was mixed, with some criticizing her for not appreciating Arthur's gesture. But Brielle stood her ground, responding:
"Why should I feel honored for his action? Many would stand in my defense. Just because he is royal doesn't diminish my worth. I come from the Lynch family."
Her final words carried weight. The Lynches were a powerhouse in North America, and her statement made that clear.
Brielle knew she had let her
emotions get the better of her
publicly, which was uncharacteristic. But then Dustin, her brother, came to her defense online, highlighting her significance and indirectly reminding everyone of her family's influence, especially with his mention of Dream Tech Designs, adding a layer of prestige to her stance. 
###Chapter 1212
**The Wolf of Wall Street, Dream Tech Designs, recently made waves by revealing Max as its CEO.**
For years, Dream Tech Designs' CEO has been nothing short of impressive. This company, which started from scratch with nothing but sheer determination, has climbed to the top three in North America's wealth rankings, making them the crème de la crème. And this CEO? He's been a mystery, never giving interviews or seeking the limelight.
But the scoop came from Dustin, a well-known online personality whose credibility is rock solid. If he says it, you can bet it's true.
Just as the skeptics were gearing up to tear them apart, Dream Tech Designs dropped a bombshell on their social media.
In a nutshell, the statement revealed that the CEO has been chasing after Ms. Brielle for years, but she hasn't given in yet. And get this: he's so head over heels that he even offered to "take a bullet" for her. The media across North America was stunned.
DreamTech Designs had always been all business, sticking to data analysis and steering clear of personal matters. For the first time, they publicly acknowledged their CEO's romantic pursuits. And then they doubled down.
"Even if Ms. Brielle has a child, the CEO will treat them as his own."
Only the Aussies really got the weight of those words. It was like saying he's ready to be a stepdad, just waiting for Brielle's go-ahead.
But it seemed Brielle hadn't given her nod yet.
Brielle herself was initially filled with regret, thinking she'd spoken too freely because of her bad mood that day.
But seeing her brother and Dream Tech Designs standing up for her, silencing the critics, warmed her heart.
Tears welled up in her eyes.
The whole misunderstanding, she realized, was because she'd been overthinking things, especially about the agreement between the royal house and the Lynch family.
But the Lynch family wasn't dependent on royal favor, freeing her from having to tiptoe around royal expectations.
Her brother's stance made it clear she was free to follow her heart, with the Lynch family firmly supporting her.
Feeling much better, Brielle reread Dream Tech Designs' statement several times.
She knew this had to be Max's doing, something he planned a while back, allowing DreamTech Designs to support her when the controversy hit 
Max was always a master planner.
Thinking about the castle and the face she missed, Brielle felt a pang in her chest.
But then, unexpectedly, the King jumped into the social media buzz.
He shared a North American media piece speculating on Brielle's potential future as the First Lady.
"Really? Someone thinks taking a
bullet
means she has to
marry them? If that's the case
up and shoot me ten
belongs to en.kikio Ontent
With both Dream Tech Designs and the Saudi King backing her, no one dared to criticize Brielle.
And the King's statement? If
Dream Tech's announcement made
their CEO look like a lovestruck puppy, then the King's words made him look like a fighter jet among lovesick pups. 
The crowd was stunned into silence.
Wasn't the King supposed to be preparing for Eid al-Adha? How did he have time to keep up with North American gossip?
Brielle, who had been feeling a mix of pain and bitterness, found herself surprisingly uplifted by the King's message.
Though it was clear someone was frantically pacing somewhere far away.
A smile crept onto her lips.
She had been about to share DreamTech Designs' statement, planning to reply with a rose as she had done before with Max on Twitter.
But now that the King had also spoken up, ignoring him might cause a stir.
For now, she had to keep the peace between them.
###Chapter 1213
When Brielle stepped out of the shower, the water had already turned cold. She collapsed onto her bed and, miraculously, fell asleep without her heart aching for once.
Little did she know, her recent comments had already sparked a major online controversy. Media outlets that initially blamed her for Prince Arthur's gunshot wound and believed she should become the First Lady were now in complete disarray after King's latest social media post. King's second post read, "First Lady? Your prince hasn't even warmed up his seat yet. Stop throwing yourselves at him, alright?"
His words left the media speechless. Sure, Arthur was the heir apparent, but officially becoming President would depend on the next congressional vote. However, Arthur had always been the public face of the North American monarchy, leading many to assume he was already President.
North American media, finding no grounds to argue, criticized King for his reckless attack on their monarchy, suggesting it could strain relations between the two nations. But King's next move was even more audacious-he revealed a treaty signed by Arthur himself, casually yet impactfully.
"As friends, this is the treaty Arthur promised, agreeing to purchase our oil at triple the price. Such a strong relationship can't be disturbed by a few words from me. Saudi Arabia and North America are eternal allies," King posted. Treaties like this are usually private and considered state secrets. For King to openly reveal it on social media for the whole world to see was a shocker. It not only surprised everyone but also plunged Prince Arthur into hot water.
Where would the money for this three-year oil treaty come from? The pockets of ordinary citizens? If it was national money, why wasn't there any media coverage before the royal family made this decision?
Arthur, now in the hospital, had his phone blowing up with calls from congress members demanding explanations. If he couldn't clarify the treaty's details, those who once supported him might turn their backs.
Arthur had never anticipated King would pull such a stunt. Grinding his teeth in rage until he tasted blood, he cursed, "Damn it! This unpredictable man!"
Not just Arthur, but even Dustin was caught off guard by King's bold strategy. Disclosing such agreements was a risky move, both morally and strategically. This treaty, signed under pressure by Arthur, minimized King's self-damage. But King seemed unbound by moral constraints.
Watching the unfolding drama, Dustin couldn't help but chuckle. Arthur, overwhelmed by calls in the hospital, spat out blood in frustration and passed out-not pretending this time, but genuinely unconscious.
Consequently, North American
media reported a deterioration in Prince Arthur's condition. Meredith was summoned to the hospital. The treaty had caused an uproar within the royal family, and everyone was waiting for Arthur to wake up and
provide explanations. But Arthur was
genuinely knocked out.
Even though Meredith understood the circumstances under which the treaty was signed, signed meant signed. Now, the royal family had to clarify not just the mountain issue but also justify the treaty to their citizens-a complete mess.
Arthur's fainting spell lasted until the evening, and he woke up with chest pain. "Tell Myles to make his move, now! Damn it! Damn it!" Arthur yelled at Meredith, his frustration evident.
Meredith had no choice but to call
e'
Myles in his presence. "Bro, King's back in Saudi Arabia, preparing for Eid al-Adha. He probably won't be back for a while. With the online chaos and the royal family's image tarnished, the congress members are having second thoughts about you. I heard they're considering adding more candidates." 
Only those within the royal family knew that originally there were just two candidates, Arthur and Irene. But now, with Irene missing and Arthur almost guaranteed the presidency, King's treaty debacle caused some congress members to reconsider Arthur's suitability, deciding to introduce another candidate. 
This posed a significant threat to Arthur, as public opinion was increasingly against him, and his approval ratings were steadily falling.
###Chapter 1214
Arthur felt a sharp pang in his chest-a sure sign he was furious.
His eyes were blazing with anger. The mountain issue and the current deal needed immediate resolution, and he had to come up with a convincing excuse on the spot. But thanks to King's social media meltdown, Arthur had lost his best chance to clarify things.
To make matters worse, King's declaration that North America and Saudi Arabia would be lifelong allies was essentially a public admission that Arthur had willingly signed the deal. For a royal, being exposed as having been coerced would strip Arthur of his last shred of dignity.
King had banked on Arthur keeping quiet about the forced agreement to pull off his reckless move.
Right now, Arthur wished he could just declare war on Saudi Arabia!
His eyes were filled with rage.
The Lynch family! Saudi Arabia!
"Meredith, tell Myles this is his last shot at revenge. I'm only giving him this one chance! He must succeed, no room for failure!" "Got it, bro."
As soon as Brielle woke up, she quickly got ready, changed her clothes, and headed to the hospital to see Ramey.
Ramey was still in bad shape, his head wrapped in bandages with only his mouth and nose visible, and a thin slit for his eyes.
Thinking of Ramey's face before the accident, Brielle felt a wave of guilt.
She placed the items she brought beside him, her voice filled with concern. "How are you feeling today? Is there anything specific you'd like to eat?" Ramey looked at her and weakly shook his head.
Brielle stood tall, taking a moment before she could muster a whisper. "I'm really sorry."
Ramey shook his head again.
Maybe the motion caused him discomfort, so he stopped and leaned back.
This made Brielle feel even worse.
"The doctors say you'll need to stay in the hospital for a while. Should I inform your parents?" "Don't."
His raspy voice stopped her, the tone hard to bear.
Speaking slowly, word by word, due to vocal cord damage, Ramey made his wishes clear.
Brielle, hearing this, found herself at a loss words. She wouldn't want
her family to see her in such a state either. o
But how could she ever make it up to Ramey?
It seemed no form of compensation could make up for his current condition.
With Ramey silent, Brielle didn't know what to say.
Her phone rang at that moment. It was Dustin asking why she wasn't at the castle.
Brielle ended up sharing the news about her friend's accident.
"Bro, it must be Arthur's doing."
Given King's recent move, catching Arthur off guard, it was uncertain if Arthur might resort to desperate measures. "Yan, what's your friend's name? I'll look into that car accident."
"Ramey."
"Alright, take care of yourself. I've sent some bodyguards for you. With the royal family up in arms over King's antics, there's no telling what they might do." 
"Okay, send the bodyguards. I'll stay at the hospital until they come to take me back."
After hanging up, Brielle felt overwhelmingly tired.
Maybe it was the aftermath of her fever, but she found it hard to focus on anything.
She rubbed her sore eyes and settled back down by the bedside.
The door to the room was closed, and the entire floor had been cleared out. Brielle laid her head down beside the bed and drifted off to sleep.
Meanwhile, the man in the bed began unwrapping the bandages from his face, revealing not the disfigured visage of Ramey but the untouched face of Myles. 
Ramey had been moved from the hospital long before Brielle's first visit.
This was a scheme concocted by Myles and Arthur.
Brielle breathed in the room's air, oblivious as she slept.
Myles sneered, deciding to subject her to a second hypnotic session.
He had vowed to take his revenge on both of them, sparing no expense. King, Brielle-they would all become mere jesters in his grand scheme!
###Chapter 1215
In the heart of Saudi Arabia, King was caught in a whirlwind of emotions after his recent outburst online, his heart aching with a mix of regret and frustration. His closest advisors, noticing his mood, decided it was time for a heart-to-heart. "King, we know international opinions don't matter much to us, especially our ties with North America, but we'd appreciate it if you could keep things a bit more under control," one of them started carefully.
"And remember, it's a long-standing tradition for our kings to have at least ten wives. Your father had thirty-eight, with countless children, all contributing to the royal lineage," another added, emphasizing the importance of upholding this custom.
In Saudi, the status of women was notably low, particularly within the royal family, where a prince could have multiple wives, showcasing wealth and power. Despite the nation's strength, the low status of women often went unnoticed. So, for King to publicly speak out for a woman on social media was against local norms.
The advisors didn't mind King choosing Brielle, but if he did, he was expected to marry a few more women from influential families to maintain appearances.
King stayed silent, his eyes glued to his phone as if waiting for a message, brushing off his advisors' comments as mere background noise.
He had brought Isaac over, yet Brielle hadn't sent a single message. It seemed she didn't miss him at all.
Staring at his phone, he even wondered if it was broken. If she didn't care about him, she could at least think about Max, right?
"King, the Feast of Sacrifice is coming up. We've invited ladies from other prominent families to attend, hoping to find a suitable mother for Prince Isaac," one advisor mentioned, eager to stick with tradition. They were all fond of Isaac but were anxious about the absence of a queen. The major families were already eager to position their daughters.
"If you prefer someone with Australian features, we can make arrangements. Or even Princess Meredith from the North American royal family is of suitable age," they suggested, trying to pique his interest.
After much discussion, King finally looked up, his face a mask of resignation. "Do as you see fit," he said, signaling his reluctant consent.
The advisors exchanged glances, taking his words as approval. "Rest assured, we will choose the most beautiful women for you," they promised, leaving King alone with his thoughts.
Once they left, King, in a moment of frustration, hurled his phone against the wall, shattering its screen.
A minute later, in the silence of his brooding, the broken phone buzzed with a spam call, adding insult to injury. He tossed it into the trash can, convinced that without his initiative, Brielle would never reach out. The illusion of their happiness seemed like a distant dream now. It was time to face reality, despite the ache in his heart.
He glanced at his watch and the black ring on his finger, his eyes welling up.
"Daddy?" Isaac's voice broke through his thoughts. The boy was accompanied by Noir, his ever-loyal dog.
King quickly masked his emotions with a smile. "Yes, buddy? Hungry again?"
Isaac had spent time in this castle before, enjoying the vast landscapes and adventures with Noir.
Looking at his son, King couldn't help but embrace him, realizing that Isaac was all he had left.
"How about daddy finds you a beautiful mommy?" he suggested, hoping to lighten the mood.
Isaac remained silent, images of Brielle flashing through his mind. It seemed the rift between his father and Brielle was final.
Feeling a vague sense of loss, Isaac simply said, "As long as daddy's happy."
King's heart clenched at those
words. Why chase after Brielle when he could have any woman he desired? Beautiful, obedient, intelligent anyone could outshine Brielle. 
"Yes, I like that idea. I've already asked them to start looking. Soon, we'll have many people here so you won't feel lonely anymore," King assured him, trying to convince himself as much as Isaac. 
"And what about daddy?" Isaac looked into his eyes, seeking reassurance.
Those three words pierced King's heart. He averted his gaze, struggling with his inner turmoil.
"I won't be lonely either. We'll stay here, just like before, and not go anywhere. Just the two of us."
"As long as daddy's happy," Isaac
repeated, his simple words
a profound truth that reached deep into King's soul, stripping away his pretenses. 
###Chapter 1216
Dustin was on the case of the car accident, and something didn't add up. The crash wasn't as bad as it was made out to be. The victim who was stretchered away seemed to bleed too much for someone not disfigured by the incident. Whipping out his smartphone, he redialed Brielle's number. It went straight to voicemail.
A shadow passed over Dustin's face, and he immediately sent people to check the hospital where Brielle was supposed to be. But what they found was a scene straight out of a thriller movie. The hospital was deserted, and several nurses were found unconscious on the floor, clearly knocked out cold.
Dustin was stunned for a moment, his eyes flashing with fury. He stormed into Arthur's hospital room with his crew. Arthur was awake by then, swamped with calls from senators, visibly struggling to keep up. Seeing Dustin barging in, furious, Arthur couldn't help but smirk. But before he could even speak, Dustin pulled out a gun, aiming it straight at Arthur's heart. "Where's Brielle?"
He was threatening a prince, for heaven's sake! Arthur's face went through a rapid color change, anger flaring in his eyes. "What the hell, Dustin?!"
Dustin's expression was terrifying, his gaze fixed menacingly on Arthur. "I'm not joking. Brielle's missing, and it's obviously your doing. Where is she? Speak now, or I swear this gun will."
Arthur hesitated, realizing Dustin wasn't bluffing. Facing death up close for the first time, Arthur was visibly shaken. But Dustin didn't give him the luxury of time, cocking the gun ready to fire. "She's with Myles!"
Arthur couldn't afford any mishap now, not with the royal duties and the senators waiting on his decisions. Any slip-up could spell disaster for him and the monarchy.
Dustin sneered, "The Lynch family has been a cornerstone of North American prosperity for generations. You think you can use my sister as a pawn in your game? You're sorely mistaken, Arthur. Call Myles now. I want Brielle back, safe and sound."
Arthur, though not new to being held at gunpoint, complied despite his pale demeanor. But Myles's phone was off. No answer.
Arthur's face twisted in anger. What was Myles playing at? Didn't they agree that once Brielle was hypnotized, she'd be taken straight to the monarchy?
Arthur planned to erase all of
Brielle's memories and make her desire a marriage into the North American royalty, quelling the online outrage Then, by throwing the Lynch family into the spotlight, he and the monarchy would weather this crisis smoothly. With Brielle in the royal family, Arthur could naturally claim the Lynch family's diamond resources.
But now, with Myles unreachable, Arthur feared betrayal. Dustin, hearing the voicemail, scoffed. "Don't tell me this wasn't part of your grand plan." "Dustin, believe me, I..."
Before Arthur could finish, Dustin slapped him across the face with the gun. "Do you think you have any credibility left with me? You better pray my sister is unharmed."
With no room for resistance, Arthur was left with no choice but to comply. Dustin left the hospital, mobilizing the entire Lynch family to search for Brielle.
Threatened by Dustin and betrayed by Myles, Arthur was left to face the storm alone. "Meredith!"
At his call, Princess Meredith
entered, trembling with fear. No one
dared to stop Dustin when he
barged in with a gun. The Lynch family was still a force to be
reckoned with, and nobody wanted to be responsible for Dustin's wrath. 
"Deploy our resources to find Myles, at all costs!"
If anything happened to Brielle, the Lynch family would immediately retaliate against the monarchy, and Arthur knew he was not in a position to win Finding Brielle before the
wn
Lynch family did was his top priority now. 
IMS
###Chapter 1217
Brielle hadn't woken up yet, still feeling like the world around her was spinning, her head heavy and foggy. It was as if she was curled up in a tiny space, her body stiff from being in that position for too long. But it didn't quite feel like that either. Her mind was flooded with images, and this time, she clearly saw the man from her dreams. The man had Max's face, smiling at her, showering her with gifts.
"Little Canary, do you like this?"
"Little Canary, do you want to go back to class? Then beg me."
He had a sparkle in his eyes, and in the dead of night, he would gaze into her face, holding her hand, kissing it tenderly. Because of her engagement to Spencer, she had always resisted getting close to other men. But King, he barged into her world without asking if she wanted him there. He was forceful, reckless, compelling her to accept his presence.
He gave it all-love, wealth, even dignity. It felt like a heavy burden. A burden that made her fear she couldn't reciprocate such feelings. King's world had room only for him, so he cared for nothing else and hoped she'd do the same. That so-called love was a shackle, binding her tightly, leaving her immobile. Even a casual conversation with another man would drive him insane. And his way of madness was often to punish her in bed. Even if she cried out in pain, he'd only ask if it felt good.
Calling him a villain didn't quite fit. He wasn't a bad person, as long as you didn't provoke him. But he seemed clueless about how to win someone's heart, only making things worse. In Brielle's world, she had always been acutely aware of one thing: she wasn't that important. To the world, she was just a drop in the ocean. To the Haywood family, she was even less noticeable. And to her fiancé Spencer, her presence was minimal.
Everyone has their flaws. Hers seemed incurable, with no one willing to cure them, so she gradually accepted her insignificance. But then this person came along, his passion overwhelming. His affection, emotions, were all laid bare, desperately wanting to give everything in exchange for just a fraction of her attention. Such people exist, their intensity makes you want to flee.
The love that he offered wrapped tighter and tighter around her, suffocating her, overturning her understanding of her inner world. She began to hate him, or rather, forced herself to hate him. She was educated; how could she fall for someone just because they forced her
to?
Brielle's loneliness, no one
.n
understood. She seemed aloof, distant, with hardly any friends at work. She seemed accustomed to being alone. But that tiny, most. humble part of her, hidden deep within, constantly tried to communicate with everyone around her. "Look at me, I'm right here in front of you, why do I always have to be ignored?" 
The Haywood family didn't care for her. Her earnest efforts at work only bred suspicion. Her fiancé's sarcasm, all of it felt like immense pressure, burying the most humble part of her deep under. In truth, she longed to be seen. So, the more intense King's gaze, the happier she became. The colder her expression, the more she melted under his fervent gaze. She knew she wasn't normal. And these thoughts, she couldn't share with anyone; that would only make her seem pitiful. 
How could someone like King exist, willing to give his all at first sight? "Little Canary, my studious girl, I could watch you all day." "Do you like this?"
"A villa, a castle, what do you want? Ah, as long as you wish for it, I'll give you everything."
"Little Canary, do you guess how much I love you?"
Sometimes he'd ask her mysteriously only to receive her reply, "Boring, disgusting." But where he couldn't see, she'd slightly curl the corners of her mouth. Of course, she knew he loved her. His love was like the summer sun, blindingly bright, impossible to ignore no matter how hard you try. 
"I love you, so very much."
###Chapter 1218
What did he love about her?
He loved her cautious timidity, the way she pretended to be strong, only to reveal her vulnerability. Did he love her stubborn pride, holding on despite everything? She didn't understand. She was selfish, truly. Even when he gave his all, she couldn't muster even a little in return.
She could be kind to Spencer without a second thought because she knew Spencer never loved her. Being good to him was easy, without the burden of expectation. But with him, she was hesitant, always worried that his infatuation would be fleeting, like a passing cloud. Maybe he'd fall for someone else just as intensely as he claimed to love her. With nothing to her name, how could she dare to commit her heart?
She often snapped at him, "Why do you keep staring at me? You're so annoying, gross." Yet, deep down, she reveled in his attention, hoping he'd never look away, wishing his gaze would forever linger on her. When he pressed her, she'd feign disgust. "One day, I might just kill you myself." But her heart whispered the opposite. "Before I kill you, I'd sacrifice myself first."
All the disdain from King's perspective, the fragments Brielle grasped in her dreams, now unfolded in this dream with such clarity. Pregnant, she was always anxious, worried her body was changing, fretting over his prolonged absences. She'd find subtle ways to draw his attention, signaling her reluctance towards their unborn child, ensuring he could never stray far from her. Anyone else might have crumbled under such treatment, but he seemed blissfully clueless, content just watching her, never leaving. This brought her peace, filling the void of security she never had.
They were twistedly suited for each other. One outwardly indifferent yet inwardly craving attention, the other overtly passionate, yet fraught with fear at the slightest hint of true reciprocation. Previous dreams felt like veils of mist, obscuring clarity. But seeing clearly now, Brielle realized how selfish she had been during their time together. Using love as a remedy only worsened the ailment.
So, when the child was born, and she heard he intended to drown the baby, reality dawned on her. Perhaps he was tired, perhaps his gaze had, wandered. After all, it took him buta moment to fall for her, a brief
TT,
glance Such was his nature; love arrived swiftly and departed just as quickly. She shouldn't have harbored any hopes. Thus, it was better to
part ways as strangers, to forget the intense connection as if it never existed. She never should have held any expectations. 
Brielle's head throbbed with these memories, but what truly terrified her was their rapid disappearance,, as if a black hole was consuming them, erasing everything. How could this be? The pain intensified, her surroundings unknown. The Sound of the sea echoed around her, her body trembling, accompanied by a man's manic laughter. 
"Now we can be together forever. I'm still King, and you're my princess. I promised I'd take you away."
"I know you never loved him. You were forced, right? Don't worry, you'll come to hate him soon enough."
"To think I was his stand-in. He doesn't deserve it! He's just a hypnotist."
To an outsider, it would be clear; Myles had lost his sanity. He never regained clarity, unable to
distinguish his own identity. One moment he was King, the next
Myles, then believing King net
was
Myles. His world was in disarray, but his sole obsession remained - to take Brielle away. Or to bury her forever in the deep sea. 
###Chapter 1219
"I've collected so many things of yours, but now, sweetheart, I'm finally collecting you. Don't hate me for this."
"You must feel awful right now, but hang in there; it'll be over soon."
"From now on, we'll always be together. You've always been my favorite."
Brielle found herself inside a box that was then tossed into the open sea.
The ocean was covered in flowers, a fitting end for Myles, who always wanted to die at sea, carrying his grudge against King.
Time was short, so he only had enough to prepare one box; otherwise, he'd have joined her in it.
With her eyes shut and face pale, Brielle lay amidst a sea of vivid flowers.
The lid was designed to be temporarily waterproof, but it wouldn't hold for long-just a few hours, at best.
Myles felt a twisted sense of satisfaction. He had personally prepared this watery grave for his beloved, a gesture right out of King's playbook.
He pushed the box into the ocean, watching as the waves quickly carried it away.
Standing on the boat, Myles burst into manic laughter, which soon faded into melancholy.
If he truly loved her, shouldn't he have kept her close?
But by then, the box had already drifted far away, its final destination unknown.
The second round of hypnosis had worked, and he had achieved his goal. He remained the perfect stand-in, the most useful shadow.
An hour later.
Myles felt a breeze behind him, followed by sharp pain. He lost his grip on his cane and fell forward, his blood reddening the sea. No one cared about his fate. Dustin arrived with his team, casting a quick glance at the ocean, but saw nothing.
Myles had teamed up with Arthur, using royal privileges to evade surveillance, making it difficult to find his hiding spot.
It took Dustin and his team more than a day to locate him, but it was already too late.
As he stared at the churning sea, Dustin's heart sank.
"Search the area! Turn the sea inside out for miles around!"
The nighttime ocean was terrifying, waves crashing everywhere, making it impossible to predict where Brielle might end up.
She herself was disoriented, her memories fading and her head pounding.
Despite the extensive search, with countless ships deployed, no one found Brielle. The ocean revealed nothing but endless water. An hour later, a lone fishing boat on a nocturnal voyage rescued the beautiful box.
The boat, large enough for about a dozen people, was helmed by Jaired, who frowned deeply upon opening the box and finding the sleeping figure inside. 
Meanwhile, his phone buzzed incessantly with messages.
"Infinity Brilliance mobilizes all resources to find the missing princess."
"Dustin offers anything for information on Brielle's whereabouts."
"The princess has disappeared."
"A rift between the royal family and the Lynch family."
His phone was flooded with updates.
Jaired steered the boat toward an island, carrying the box into a villa.
Inside, Irene and Dustin sat on a long couch, both lost in thought and ignoring each other.
Gone was Irene's usual flirtatious demeanor; she simply toyed with a dagger in silence, her lashes lowered.
After surviving the planned destruction, their previous indulgences now seemed irrational.
They hadn't confronted Jaired, not because they didn't want to, but because he had drugged them.
The organization had access to many drugs, including one that left them weak.
Now, seated far apart, they relied on the couch for support.
Upon Jaired's entrance, their gazes locked onto the box he carried.
Silence prevailed until he opened it and placed it before Irene. "Irene, what do you want to do?" Jaired asked.
As Irene slowly traced her fingers over the dagger, her lips curled into a smile at the sight of Brielle curled up in the box, surrounded by flowers. 
Jaired knew she'd relish the opportunity to disrupt the stability of North America.
He relied on the drug to temporarily quell their turmoil, aware that without an antidote, they might leave and never return.
Neither had anything left to truly
care about, including Jaired himself,
bound by guilt to Irene's side, vowing
to spend a lifetime making amends. 
If Irene lacked a reason to live, if she still wished for chaos, then let the madness continue.
###Chapter 1220
The moment Kenzo Barnes laid eyes on Brielle, he tried to stand, but his legs gave out, and he collapsed, nearly knocking over the coffee table.
He fell beside Brielle, his desperation driving him to lift his head and look at her. Gently, he touched the tip of her nose with a trembling finger. Relief washed over him. She was still alive. Just asleep.
Irene watched him, a slight smile tugging at her lips. "Jaired, what's the deal with Ms. Brielle?"
"Probably the royal family's doing," Jaired replied. "They've fallen out with the Lynch family, all because of Brielle. There's more to the story, but with Brielle in our hands, if you want to take down Arthur and become president, she could be useful." But as soon as he finished speaking, Irene cut in, her tone cool. "Jaired, I'm getting tired of this."
Everyone at the base was an outcast, many were the worst of the worst. Even with their minds wiped, they were still dangerous.
The landslide had claimed many lives, but those who survived were likely still plotting, waiting for a core member to reemerge and lead them.
But Irene was exhausted. She didn't want to see this world anymore. She had been an accomplice in the landslide, responsible for many innocent deaths. She carried the weight of guilt.
She had thought her life could be the price, but Jaired wanted her to live. She didn't know how.
Jaired fell silent, just watching her. After a long pause, he spoke. "Arthur's been scheming for years to grab that throne. The bomb you planted at the mountain base, wasn't it to draw international attention? Irene, even though many countries are questioning Arthur now, you know the power North America wields. They've committed countless sins over the years. Arthur is desperate to secure his position. He'll either pin the blame for the base on someone else or expose your involvement, smearing your mother's name by claiming she willingly joined the base for a
marriage alliance." 
"I remember you telling me how much 001 loved your mother's cheesecake."
Jaired was cunning, hoping to make Irene choose life. He knew it wasn't love; he just wanted her alive. But his words weren't enough to spark her will to live, except when he mentioned 001.
The mention of 001 lit up Irene's
eyes. Indeed 001 adored her
mother's cheesecake, a fact she had used as leverage in her childhood. Irene had learned the recipe herself, making it every year, but with no one to enjoy it. She would leave the cheesecake under the sun until it spoiled and flies swarmed, then she'd throw it away. 
Irene didn't care about Arthur's scheming or the so-called
on
opposing he
Ter
presidential seat. But Arthur insisted on opposing her at every turn. Her intent with the bomb was to draw international attention to the base's existence. Whatever happened to the North American royal family after, she couldn't care less. But if Arthur dared to tarnish her mother's memory, then all his supporters deserved to pay. 
Irene looked at Jaired, a soft laugh escaping her. "Let's wait and see what Arthur decides."
Kenzo, meanwhile, hadn't absorbed a word of their conversation; his gaze was fixed on Brielle's face. Knowing she was still breathing was all he needed to relax, stealing moments to gaze at her.
After Jaired and Irene finished talking, Jaired carried Brielle to a bed on the first floor of the villa. Brielle, having inhaled too much of the drug, remained unconscious. Kenzo didn't dare follow inside, just stood at the door, supporting himself with one hand and peering in.
Their final conversation echoed in his mind, as persistent as a nail hammered into wood. Reflecting on his recent actions, absurd and insane, he realized he had become the person she despised the most. He couldn't bear to think of the disgust she would look at him with once she awoke.
###Chapter 1221
Kenzo's lashes fluttered as he coughed softly, trying to ease the tension in the room. Jaired, not bothering to look his way, knew that Brielle's presence would likely lift everyone's spirits, making the atmosphere a bit more bearable. After hauling in a fresh catch from the sea and tossing it into the pond, Jaired mused about whipping up some fish chowder for dinner. This serene moment was a rare comfort amidst their peculiar living situation in the villa. Meanwhile, across the ocean, the North American monarchy was in turmoil. Dustin had publicly severed all ties with the royal family, accusing them of orchestrating his sister's disappearance-a scandal that had North America buzzing. Prince Arthur was in the hot seat, facing serious allegations from one of the most powerful families. In a country where even the president could be detained for wrongdoing, Arthur's position was precarious without a solid explanation. Frustrated and cornered by law enforcement and bombarded with calls from Congress members, Arthur knew he needed a scapegoat-and fast.
The Lynch family was off-limits now; without solid evidence against them, pointing fingers would only turn the royal family into a laughingstock. Irene, who was already missing and possibly buried under a landslide, seemed like the perfect candidate for Arthur's blame game. Dragging Irene's mother into the mess was risky, but desperate times called for desperate measures.
"Meredith," Arthur called urgently.
Meredith entered, her face etched with concern, always ready to follow her brother's lead.
"We're going public. I'll explain everything about that mountain and clear up our issues with the Lynch family," Arthur declared, his plan taking shape.
Within the hour, media outlets across North America were buzzing. Dressed to the nines, Arthur faced a sea of cameras, revealing a scandalous royal secret: a princess who had disgraced herself by marrying a terrorist leader and bearing him a daughter with claims to the throne. This daughter, allegedly conspiring to undermine Arthur, aimed to continue her father's legacy of abducting medical geniuses from around the globe.
Seeing her brother's resolve, Meredith sprang into action.
With earnestness, Arthur announced
the removal of the princess and her daughter from the royal lineage, stripping them of any inheritance rights. His candid revelation and apparent sincerity made it hard to doubt his words, despite the damage it did to the royal family's reputation. 
By the time Arthur wrapped up his press conference, the narrative had swayed in his favor. The media and the public seemed to buy his version of events, especially given the drastic measure of disowning a princess. 
Back at the villa, Irene couldn't help but scoff at the television before switching it off. Jaired sat beside her, equally engrossed in the unfolding drama. Arthur's actions
had clearly crossed a line fordrene. 
QUMS
As she toyed with her throwing knife, glancing towards Brielle's room, a wicked smile crossed her lips. "If Brielle were to die, would the Lynch family finally declare open war on the royal family?" she mused. Jaired nodded, his expression grim.
Ready to act, Irene stood up, but was abruptly stopped by Kenzo's ion.
"I disagree," he said firmly.
Irene raised an eyebrow, her tone mocking. "And you think that matters?"
Caught in the middle, Jaired remained silent, just as Brielle's voice drifted from the room, "Where am I?"
Kenzo froze, his instinct to retreat battling with the confusion and recognition in Brielle's voice. "Kenzo?" she asked again, her brows furrowed in bewilderment.
Feeling a rush of warmth surge through him, Kenzo stood rooted to the spot, unable to move or respond.
###Chapter 1222
Kenzo glanced up at Brielle, noting the confusion in her eyes-no disgust, just pure bewilderment at his presence there.
He tried to speak, but it was like his throat had a boulder lodged in it. Not a single word could escape. His hand gripped the door so tightly it hurt, but he forced a faint smile. "You're awake."
Brielle nodded, glancing around the room. "Where are we?"
She looked lost, like she'd just been through some massive upheaval. Kenzo didn't dare ask her anything, knowing she must've forgotten some things; otherwise, she wouldn't be calling him Kenzo.
Was this Myles' doing? What had Myles done to her memory?
Despite it all, Kenzo felt a flicker of happiness. It was as if the universe had heard his prayers, rewinding time to before everything went haywire.
Brielle frowned, trying to get out of bed, but her legs gave out, nearly sending her to the floor. Kenzo wanted to help but moved slowly, his strength sapped by the meds Jaired had given him, needing support just to stand. "Kenzo, where are we?"
Brielle seemed distant, smoothly avoiding his attempt to assist her. They were practically strangers, having only met once before.
She propped herself up on the bed, shaking her head to clear it, then walked to the window. The sight of an endless island and the distant sea made her face turn pale. Kenzo, unsure of her current memory state, cautiously asked, "Feeling any better?"
Brielle nodded, tears streaming down her cheeks, her eyes red as she stared out the window. "I get it now. King had me sent away; he got tired of me and killed our child."
Her tone was flat, her fingers gripping the window frame so tightly that, if she had any strength, her nails would've broken.
"Kenzo, why are you here? Last year, you just started as a guest lecturer at Beaconsfield College. We barely know each other, right?"
Even if King wanted to send her away, why to Kenzo's side?
Last year?
Kenzo's mind raced, piecing together fragments of his past. Brielle hadn't completely lost her memory. She remembered King, their time together, and Kenzo's existence.
The year Kenzo joined Beaconsfield College was the same year Brielle went abroad for an exchange during her junior year. Her memory stopped when she returned and King sent her away. Was this Myles' revenge?
Cutting off her later memories,
forcing her to recall only her timezin
the castle. To Brielle now, it seemed like she was forcibly tied to King for a year, their child died, and she was discarded. 
en FindNovel
This was when Brielle hated King the most, completely disillusioned with Max.
Myles had exacted his revenge on both King and Brielle. He didn't kill Brielle but trapped her in this memory, hoping they'd destroy each other. And he succeeded, in his final act of cunning.
Back then, Brielle was just a distant figure to Kenzo, only becoming acquainted during her senior year when he helped with her thesis in the library. Now, to her, they were strangers. Strangers.
Kenzo had never found the term so beautifully poignant. His eyes welled up, and his nose tingled with emotion. Was this a gift from above? "Kenzo?"
Brielle's composure returned quickly. Her tears were gone, and she looked at him with clear, bright eyes. "Kenzo, do you know King?"
The man who had looked at her with such intense passion, making her feel deeply loved. He had bound her so tightly with the chains of love that she feared losing them would mean losing her sanity, exposing her deepest secrets. 
She craved that gaze, yet the one who gave it also delivered the coldest betrayal. When Myles claimed King wanted their child dead, her disbelief was
overwhelming. And when Myles added that King wanted to set her free, she realized love wasn't the cure. 
###Chapter 1223
When Jack went all in and she couldn't muster even a single point, she couldn't help but loathe her own selfishness. But now, she felt relieved she had only given that one tiny piece of herself. Still, that one piece was enough to haunt her endlessly.
She should have known better than to hope his fiery passion would linger. She was always the one overlooked, so why did she dare to dream otherwise?
She should have buried her secret heartache deep.
"Look at me, just keep looking at me," she would silently plead, especially during those moments when tears streamed down her face because of him. Only when she saw that fiery emotion still flickering in his eyes could she find some semblance of peace. Craving attention this desperately wasn't healthy.
So, she had to despise him.
She shouldn't have started wishing he'd always keep her close.
When he got bored and wanted to discard her, she could bounce back quickly-she was used to it.
But why couldn't he even spare the children?
Did he ever love her, or was it all just a figment of her imagination?
Brielle's head throbbed, and her chest felt like it was on fire.
Myles had intentionally anchored Brielle's memories here, hoping she'd take down Jack herself. He thought Brielle's emotions were purely hatred, a consuming hatred, but he didn't really understand her. Neither did Jack, back then.
In his memories, Brielle was always the one being forced, never showing him any warmth. Every time they tangled in bed, if he pushed too hard, she'd retaliate with cold, cutting words.
He believed Brielle despised him more than anyone else in the world.
But hatred is still a feeling.
Now, Brielle clung to the windowsill, her chest burning like it was on fire.
Finally, unable to hold it in, she coughed up blood and passed out.
Kenzo immediately called for Jared. After Jared carried her to the bed, he fetched the island's only doctor.
The doctor examined Brielle and
vel
said, "It's just emotional shock, probably triggered by bad
memories. Nothing serious, she just needs to rest." 
Jared didn't say a word, just stared at Brielle's face, puzzled.
Irene, on the other hand, seemed amused, especially after Kenzo filled her in on Brielle and Jack's messy history. She couldn't help but chuckle. 
"Jared, isn't it fascinating?"
Von
Every time she asked questions like that, it was like driving a nail into Jared's heart.
It was his "fascination" that had separated 001 and Irene. She would remember that, even from the grave.
Even if she drank from the river of forgetfulness, she'd remember Jared's sins.
Jared was used to it. He simply asked, "What do you want to do?"
Irene sat down and looked at Kenzo.
"And you, darling? Don't you find it fascinating? want Arthur dead. If you kill him for me, I'll let Brielle live. You must be thrilled. Brielle has
forgotten what you did at the base, forgotten the ugliness you her. 
Kenzo couldn't deny it he was indeed happy.
swhowed
Human nature is selfish, and he knew Brielle now harbored hatred for Jack, itching for revenge.
If Brielle's memory hadn't turned out this way, she'd be hating him instead.
He was thankful to Myles.
Kenzo had lost the will to live at one point, but now he felt maybe he could stick around a little longer.
"Alright, how do you want him to die?"
Irene laughed again, regaining her old fervor.
He took down his throwing knife, touching it reverently.
"I want him shot in the head in front of everyone."
A prince being publicly executed would cause a massive uproar.
North America would be thrown back into chaos, and Irene was more than ready for it.
Kenzo glanced at Brielle lying on the bed, his eyes softening, "Okay."
###Chapter 1224
In a world where words often fall short, a simple "Okay" said it all.
Jaired handed Kenzo the antidote, his voice steady but laced with concern. "Come back safe," he said as Kenzo turned to leave, a brief nod the only acknowledgment of the gravity of the situation.
Kenzo's knack for deception, even fooling someone like Dustin, had never been in doubt. His talent for subterfuge and strength meant that this mission, too, would likely end in success.
Once the others had left, Jaired's gaze shifted to Brielle, still unconscious on the bed. Chaos was brewing, sparked by Arthur's explosive statements to the press. The royal family was in turmoil, divided between loyalty to Irene and the crown. Irene's faction had always been a cornerstone of the nation's achievements, but Arthur, riding on a wave of fortune rather than merit, sought to exclude the princess from the royal lineage, igniting unrest among her supporters.
Arthur's iron-fisted approach to consolidating power left no room for dissent. He threatened the families of those loyal to Irene to ensure silence. The royal discord simmered down only after a long night of unease.
Arthur, despite lacking the unilateral authority to disinherit a senior royal member, had played his cards in front of the media to quell the immediate fires. His real challenge lay in navigating the palace intrigue, a task he was prepared to undertake by any means necessary. "Meredith," he called out, summoning his sister, who had been standing guard. She entered, ready to report on the situation.
"Brother, it's all quiet now. You can focus on preparing your inauguration speech. I won't release their families until you're securely in office," Meredith informed him. This was a risky gambit, with everything riding on Arthur's ability to secure public support through his upcoming tours.
Relieved but mindful of the lingering threat posed by the Lynch family, Arthur knew his rift with Dustin was beyond repair. His initial plan to scapegoat the Lynch family had backfired spectacularly, thanks to
Myles' unexpected betraya
Arthur's anger flared at the thought of Myles, but he had to put aside personal vendettas. Dustin's successful rescue meant Myles' survival was unlikely, a small solace in the grand scheme.
"Brother, the inauguration is your
priority now. As for the Lynch family, perhaps there's a chance to mend fences. I tried to charm King, but with him back in Saudi, that's off the table. Yet, I believe getting closer to Dustin could be our best move. After all, I'm not exactly hard on the eyes, am I?" Meredith's confidence shone through, her beauty and charm undeniable assets in the political chess game of royal alliances. 
Arthur considered her proposal. A union between Meredith and Dustin could indeed turn the tide, transforming enmity into a powerful alliance.
"Meredith, this is in your hands now."
When King arrived at the tempestuous sea two days later, his expression was unreadable. The search for Brielle had brought him here, to the heart of the storm, his clothes soaked by the relentless waves.
"Don't worry, brother. I'm sure I can win him over."
Surrounded by fishing boats, the
search had yet to yield any sign of Brielle. Lighting a cigarette, King's stoic facade gave way to a moment of vulnerability, the weight of guilt
heavy in his heart. It was his fault. 
QUMS
###Chapter 1225
I'd gotten used to her cold remarks and stinging words. How could I hold a grudge now? What good would it do? My gaze dropped, the cigarette in my hand untouched, each breath feeling like a knife to the chest. If I hadn't left in a huff, she wouldn't have vanished. The thought of Brielle being dead sent a jolt of panic through me, visible even in my usually composed eyes. The cigarette slipped from my fingers, hitting the deck.
"Keep searching," I ordered, my voice firm. "Even if we have to turn this whole damn sea upside down, find her."
Even if it's just her body, we need to bring her back.
On the other side of the deck, Isaac stood with Noir. Noir wasn't cut out for sea life, curled up in a lethargic ball. Isaac gently rubbed its head, but his mind was elsewhere. The sparkle in his eyes was gone.
Every so often, he'd scan the horizon, hoping one of the fishing boats would bring good news. He didn't want Brielle to be dead. Joseph had once told us that those thrown into the sea to feed the sharks never left a whole body behind. Even if you avoided the sharks, the water would bloat and disfigure you in no time.
Brielle was so beautiful. The thought of her being unrecognizable tore at him.
The search dragged on for two days.
Meanwhile, Arthur's inauguration speech was happening. His first address was in his home district, drawing a crowd of locals and media. Though few international reporters were present, the speech was broadcast worldwide.
Arthur, ever the showman, adjusted his suit before stepping up to the podium, his speech in hand. The crowd, phones out and recording, waited eagerly.
But three minutes in, the microphone cut out. Arthur, mid-sentence, suddenly had a bullet tearing through his forehead, blood spurting.
Screams filled the air.
"Call an ambulance!"
Chaos erupted as Arthur stood there, life fading, then collapsed backward. Police rushed towards the sniper's possible perch, while others hurried Arthur into an ambulance. But everyone knew it was too late. A bullet to the head meant no coming back.
Kenzo, mission-complete, packed
his rifle into a black case and made his escape via helicopter from the
rooftop. But killing a prince is the
something you walk away from easily. Several helicopters took up the chase. 
The streets below were a mess.
To be assassinated during an inauguration speech, live on camera, Arthur's death was the most disgraceful in royal history.
Dustin, initially uninterested in the
speech, was curious about whate Arthur might say. So, even out at sea, he had the TV on. He didn't catch Arthur's words, more focused on the endless horizon. 
When the broadcast descended into chaos, he turned just in time to see Arthur get shot.
Surprise flickered in Dustin's eyes. He hadn't ordered the hit, so who did? But the surprise was brief. Arthur had made plenty of enemies. Why get bogged down in details?
Turning off the TV, Dustin gazed at the sea, a heavy feeling settling in. Maybe Brielle was already gone.
Against the vast ocean, human efforts seemed so small. Dustin's heart ached, but like King, he wouldn't go back until they found her body.
King stood on another boat's deck, feeling cold to the bone. Isaac approached, trying to warm King's hand, but it felt like touching ice. "Dad?" Isaac called out, but got nothing in return.
King, lost in thought, questioned Max internally. If Max was supposed to be the rational one, why hadn't he stopped King from leaving? King knew blaming Max was pointless. It was his fault.
Yet, King and Max were opposites.
о мах
Max could watch Brielle suffer, seeing it as toughening her up. Despite the dangers Brielle faced in Beaconsfield, and the ease with which Max could have helped, he never did. 
Sometimes, King wondered how Max could be so detached, so rational.
###Chapter 1226
Back then, King had no clue about Max's ties to Dream Tech Designs. Only as time went on did he uncover its existence and the powerhouse behind Max. This revelation left him pondering: If Max was so influential, why wasn't he holding Brielle close, cherishing her? When it came to Brielle, King was always irrational. He couldn't keep his cool and was ready to blow up at any moment. He constantly worried about the dangers Brielle might face outside, preferring to keep her in a metaphorical cage, showering her with wealth and privilege like sunlight and water to a flower. His way of loving was different from Max's, but he recognized that Max's love was just as strong. However, King couldn't stand Max's logical demeanor. Was this calmness true love? He asked himself repeatedly, but Max never answered.
King thought, maybe Brielle was gone now, and he had messed everything up. It didn't matter who was in control anymore. After a while, Max's voice finally echoed in his mind. "Brielle feels inferior."
If he solved all her problems, she wouldn't stay with him. She'd feel the distance between them growing, so vast she couldn't bridge it even on tiptoes. Helping her like that wasn't really helping-it was pushing her further away. Their initial entanglement was like a tug of war, with neither willing to admit their feelings.
Brielle was even more rational in this aspect. She'd hide her feelings well until he showed he cared. Given her past, Max easily understood her mentality. She had nothing but her heart, and if she gave it away and was then abandoned, she'd be broken. She didn't believe anyone could truly like her. She could face indifference and mockery calmly, but genuine warmth scared her, made her anxious.
There's a saying that fits Brielle perfectly: "You don't plant flowers because you fear seeing them wilt. So, to avoid an end, you reject every beginning."
It was because of Max's rationality
that he could see the most
vulnerable parts of her. He could, like King, lock her away in a gilded cage, but that would only make her more insecure. She already lacked a sense of security, and any shift in attention would make her doubt herself and fear the end of affection. He didn't want to see Brielle like that. She was capable, able to soar higher if she spread her wings. 
If he clipped her wings, there would be no Stellar Stage Entertainment, no unicorn success. Rather than wither in toneliness, it was better for her to grow through adversity. Max could bear to make such a
decision, but it was ne
truly loved her, and if his way of
He
loving meant losing her one day,
he'd follow her without hesitation. 
"Keep looking. I have a feeling she's still alive." Max's voice was deep, and after those words, he went silent. But King just stared at the sea, his eyes red. Was she really still alive?
Three days passed. After five days without food or water, King fainted and was rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile, Brielle had woken up on the island, indifferent to the national news about Prince Arthur that filled the TV screens. Kenzo had returned but hardly spoke to her. Getting out of bed and freshening up, Brielle turned to Jaired. 
"I need to go back to Beaconsfield."
Her graduation was imminent, and any more delays might cost her the diploma. Jaired raised an eyebrow, almost instinctively glancing at Irene.
###Chapter 1227
Irene sat quietly, her eyes glued to the TV, while the chaos outside continued to unfold. With Arthur's death, North America was in complete disarray, everyone desperate to find the killer. And that killer was right next to Irene. She picked up the remote and turned off the TV. Kenzo had kept his promise to her; Brielle could stay alive.
"Honey, she wants to leave. What do you think?" Irene asked.
Kenzo stayed silent, not saying a word. Inside, a voice was driving him crazy, telling him to keep Brielle here. If she stayed, she'd forget her past, and they could live peacefully on the island. But if she left, King would find her, and they'd reconcile. After all, they had a kid together.
Though Kenzo hated to admit it, he had already lost. His mistake was watching her from the shadows, going mad too late. If only he had thrown caution to the wind and been with her from the start, they wouldn't have her past as an exchange student.
Love was something you fought for, and he had given up the fight too soon, letting her slip through his fingers. Kenzo's eyes reddened as he looked back on his life, unsure of his purpose. His mind was always empty because his mother was captured by the organization, and his father devoted his life to it, even using his wife to threaten his son. Kenzo seemed destined for a tragic fate, unable to break free. He never even thought about breaking free.
If only he could have let go of everything earlier. If only he hadn't returned to the organization and continued his life in Beaconsfield as a celebrated screenwriter, none of this would have happened. But sadly, there are no "if onlys" in life.
Now, when Irene asked him, he wanted to dodge the question. But then someone caught his fingertip, and as he slightly turned his head, he met Brielle's eyes. So pure and clear. "Kenzo?"
No hatred, no resistance, just a light, almost pleading, Kenzo. All his baseness crumbled at that voice. He was utterly defeated.
Irene sat by, almost amused at Kenzo's emotional turmoil. It was ridiculous-a man on the brink of madness, yet a single call could bring him back to sanity. A man who cared little for his parents suddenly cared about Brielle's opinion of him. Love is destructive, yet it can also be redemptive. 
Irene sneered, but then her gaze drifted into the distance. If she had let down her guard earlier, 001 could have lived. "Irene, let her go. Please, I'm begging you."
Kenzo had never begged Irene for anything; their relationship was always transactional. Irene craved his appearance, his personality, hoping he'd comfort her in her final days. And he wanted the power Irene held, to indulge in madness one last time. Now it was over, and the person he cared about most didn't remember any of the madness. To him, it was the perfect ending. How wonderful.
"Irene, can we?"
He looked at Irene, who felt a surge of restlessness within. Everyone else had a chance to start over, except for her.
"Fine, Brielle, I have a task for you.
Spend the next few days practicing your shooting, and kill King. How about that? Didn't he harm
child?" 
your
At those words, a shadow crossed Brielle's eyes, her heart aching.
"I don't need to learn; I know how to shoot. He taught me."
So, it was time to return the favor. But why did it hurt so much inside?
?
###Chapter 1228
Irene couldn't help but laugh, her eyes drifting to Kenzo. "This is the most I'm willing to compromise. Giving her this little task shouldn't be an issue, right?"
If these two really loved each other, surely they wouldn't let any harm come their way.
Irene was just bored; she wanted to see the drama unfold.
Kenzo watched Brielle, unsure of the tangled web between them. He wondered if Brielle could actually go through with it.
He wanted to go along, but he couldn't; he didn't have the right.
"Yeah," he replied to Irene.
Turning to Jaired, Irene instructed, "Jaired, take Ms. Brielle to North America."
Then she looked back at Kenzo. "Honey, what are your plans after she's gone?"
Kenzo stayed silent. He had no plans; he didn't even know how to keep living.
"Then stay on this island if you want. Jaired and I are heading to the North American royalty. After all, I am the heiress."
Jaired knew Irene was about to turn the royal court upside down.
If anyone was to blame, it was Arthur for being so foolish. He could have stayed out of her way but chose to provoke her instead.
Kenzo remained silent, just watching Brielle.
Brielle was oblivious to the tension between the three. She didn't understand why King had sent her to this island, guarded by three people, one of whom was Kenzo, someone she'd met at Beaconsfield College. She had too many questions, all needing answers directly from King.
A headache started to throb. Despite Myles's attempts to hypnotize her into forgetting a certain man, the memories only became clearer.
Jaired was already moving, ready to take Brielle away in a helicopter.
Kenzo followed closely, wanting to personally see her off.
As Brielle walked towards the chopper, Kenzo called out. "Brielle."
She turned, only to be pulled into a quick, awkward hug.
He smiled gently at her. "Make sure you nail your graduation project. Congratulations in advance."
So it was a graduation congratulations.
Brielle sighed in relief.
"Okay, Kenzo. Once I graduate, dinner's on me."
Her words echoed a promise she had made before.
Kenzo chuckled softly. "Alright, I'll hold you to that."
Brielle felt there was more he wanted to say, but they weren't close enough for deep conversations.
So, she nodded and climbed into the helicopter without hesitation.
Behind Kenzo, Irene picked up a gift he had hidden-a seashell bracelet from the island, but he had been too shy to give it to Brielle himself. 
Irene, after a moment of thought, tossed the bracelet towards Brielle.
"Take it."
Brielle, surprised and unable to hear over the helicopter's noise, just nodded in acknowledgment.
Jaired, recognizing Kenzo's
handiwork, knew Irene couldn't have
made something so delicate. Killing was more her skill than crafting. 
As the helicopter lifted off, Irene looked at Kenzo one last time. "Honey, considering our history, I have to ask one last time. Are you sure you won't come with us to North America? I can make you the First Gentleman." 
Kenzo, sitting on the couch, stayed silent.
Irene, knowing she couldn't persuade him, leaned in for a lingering, ten-minute kiss before parting. "Then, goodbye."
Jaired waited nearby, frowning at the scene.
Not long after they left, Jaired saw a streak of light heading towards the island. His heart sank.
Seconds later, the island exploded, sinking into oblivion.
###Chapter 1229
Jaired couldn't believe what he was seeing; his hands froze on the controls.
Irene, on the other hand, pulled out a cigarette, lit it, and exhaled a cloud of smoke.
"Why?"
She heard Jaired ask.
Raising an eyebrow, Irene replied, "You assassinate a prince, and you think the North American military's just gonna sit around twiddling their thumbs? Letting him live this long was already a miracle. With satellites covering every inch, there was no way he could hide." Jaired's hands trembled slightly, his eyes reddening.
"Couldn't we save him, though?"
"Sure, but only if I become the president of North America. Even if we wanted to save him, would he even want that? For him, death might be the best option. Brielle doesn't hate him. Everything ends on a high note. How perfect."
She had asked him time and time again, do you really want to stay?
He was smart, perceptive. How could he not catch her drift?
She was really asking, do you want to stay and face death?
Come with me to North America. Once I'm president, you can live openly and proudly.
But Kenzo had refused.
Irene had done all she could for her husband in name. She couldn't beg him to live.
There was no need. They both knew it.
"Jaired, are you hurting?"
The underlying message being, you're actually hurt by someone's death?
Jaired stared ahead silently, his voice hoarse after a long pause.
"I wish I could go back to the beginning, just like him."
Irene let out a cold laugh, snuffing out her cigarette.
"Life doesn't offer that many do-overs."
The helicopter sped on. For Irene, time was running out. She needed to secure the presidency soon, or she and Jaired would be next.
The island's red glow lasted a long time. The national forces didn't just bomb it; they strafed it from all angles. No one could survive.
This was the exit Kenzo chose for himself.
The carefully crafted bracelet was already sent.
Everything was reset to the beginning.
He received a hug from Brielle, leaving no regrets.
His last memory before death was sweet, infinitely better than leaving the world with regret in a landslide.
It was fate giving him another chance.
Everything was just right.
It was like going back to their days at Beaconsfield College, during the blooming season, when she called out "Kenzo."
Brielle was brought to the streets of
Peine
North America, almost guided by memory back to the castle's surroundings and found out was now in a hospital. 
She wore a hat and headed to the hospital, taking the gun Irene gave her.
The hospital's atmosphere was solemn, probably aware of King's identity; no one dared to take it lightly.
But surprisingly, no one was guarding him.
Brielle found it strange. This man
was
so cautious, trust
now that he was
hospitalized, no guards? 
Odd.
Just as she thought this, she saw several people being escorted from the elevator, followed by the sound of gunfire.
The shooter was Joseph, who lit a cigarette.
"How many attempts tonight?"
A subordinate replied, "Not sure, but as long as we're not guarding,
there'll always be assassins cool ne?
King doesn't want us to guard, it's as
if 
As if he was looking forward to being killed.
If not for Joseph diligently monitoring the cameras, someone might have succeeded tonight.
Brielle bypassed them, finding out which room King was in.
Joseph, cigarette between his fingers, watched through the cameras, this woman wearing only a hat. An assassin?
But no assassin would disguise themselves so carelessly.
###Chapter 1230
Brielle thought she'd managed to escape everyone's notice. She loaded her gun, her fingertips trembling slightly. And it was quite a noticeable tremble.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she took a deep breath.
There was no reason to shake. That man shouldn't have given her hope, shouldn't have taken her child.
He had to pay for what he did.
Inside the room, King had already woken up, but after five days without food or water, he was extremely weak.
He'd listened to gunfire all night, probably Joseph dealing with those trying to kill him.
What was the point?
With Brielle gone, life felt meaningless. He might as well let one of them shoot him and give someone the satisfaction of a job well done.
After all, being the king, countless people wanted him dead.
When he heard the door open, King didn't even bother opening his eyes, just lying there indifferently.
Here we go again.
Probably Joseph coming to take him away.
These people's tactics were anything but sophisticated. A real assassin would take him out from a hundred meters away with the best sniper rifle available.
But he knew Joseph was so capable that he probably had his own men positioned at every ideal sniping spot already.
King sighed, feeling the barrel of a gun pressed against his chest.
Why hasn't Joseph arrived yet?
He thought to himself, slowly opening his eyes.
But the person he saw made him momentarily stunned.
Brielle, even with a gun pressed against him, showed no sign of resistance.
She frowned, thinking perhaps he was delirious from illness, so she pushed the gun deeper.
King just looked at her, even slowly sitting up in bed.
The barrel was still aimed at his heart, but not a single eyelash of his fluttered.
Was it an illusion?
Someone had undergone surgery to look like Brielle, to entice him?
He had to admit, this time their tactics were much more sophisticated, at least the person really did look like her, making him unable to muster any will to fight back. Brielle looked at the man, his eyes clear, not the look of someone delirious.
"King?"
He had always liked her calling him that, especially in intimate moments.
Brielle's eyes reddened thinking of their child, and without hesitation, she pulled the trigger.
"I said, I-"
Before she could finish, her wrist was grabbed, and the gun moved from his heart to his shoulder. "Bang!"
Brielle, pale with fright, tried to back away but was forcefully pulled into an embrace.
He seemed not to feel the pain, instead, he held her tightly.
"I'm not dreaming, am I?"
Brielle's fingertips were still trembling; she had actually pulled the trigger.
When he had taught her how to shoot, she had thought countless times about aiming at him.
The smell of blood spread between them, Brielle pinned in his embrace, unable to move.
She felt cold, momentarily forgetting if she had aimed at his heart.
If it had been his heart, he would probably be dead by now.
Her body shaking violently, King then let her go, pulling her onto the bed.
Then, he went under the bed, bending down to look at her carefully. "Brielle? Cold? Why are you shaking, is something wrong?"
Brielle didn't answer, looking at the. blood
continuously flowing from
S the gun in her h
dropped to the floor, from t
As people barged in, King's eyes flashed with fury.
"Get out."
The intruders hurriedly retreated, closing the door tightly behind them.
Brielle, in silence, picked up the gun lying on the bed and pressed it against his forehead. Why didn't he dodge?
Why still look at her with such intense eyes?
She couldn't understand how after doing something so cruel, he could still look at her like that.
As if, as if he still loved her.
King just stared at her, not at all concerned about the gun at his forehead.
He even tilted his head slightly, kissing the barrel.
"Do you want to kill me?"
Brielle's fingertips trembled even more, her face growing paler.
This wasn't how it was supposed to be.
Hadn't he grown tired of her?
"If you want to kill me, then go ahead."
The joy in his eyes was so pure, holding her hand, he slowly closed his eyes.
"Was it Myles who hypnotized you again? It's all my fault, I should have protected you."
Myles?
Brielle frowned, seeing a trace of
happiness on his face, "But it
, as long as you're alive it
elongs to
What about Myles?
King had no idea that his words had precisely hit the spot Brielle was most sensitive to at the moment.
The trigger wasn't pulled, and King then opened his eyes, taking the gun from her hand and placing it aside.
She sat on the edge of the bed, and
he knelt in front of her, spreading her palm open and started to kiss her hand moving slowly upwards. 
"Have you forgotten something?"
QUMS
###Chapter 1231
Brielle's hand twitched, wanting to pull away.
King, after a brief kiss, stood up and pulled her back into his arms. He held her so tightly she could barely breathe. It felt like the chains of love had clamped down on her again, trapping her completely.
The metallic scent of blood at her nose reminded her that he was hurt.
"Children," she whispered, her voice raspy, eyes brimming with tears.
Why treat a child like that? If he was done with her, he could just toss her aside. She was used to being abandoned. But children? They were innocent.
King went rigid, not quite getting what she meant.
"Are you talking about a child?" he asked, confused.
"Brielle, please be clear, I don't understand." He clung to her, burying his face in her neck with a kind of desperate longing. The warmth of her skin told him she was alive, not rotting away in the sea, not devoured by fish. She was really back.
Brielle wanted to push him away, but then she felt something wet on her neck. She froze. The dampness seemed to seep into her pores, stabbing at her heart like a thousand needles. It hurt so much.
The metaphorical vines wrapped around her tighter, but somehow, she found comfort in their grip.
She looked out the window, watching the distant city lights flicker. The breeze made the half-open curtains sway. The wetness on her neck was so pronounced, she felt paralyzed, just staring out at the scene.
After a while, she slowly raised her hand and placed it on the back of his head. His hair was soft, his skin smooth, his looks flawless. He was like a rare flower on a high peak-perfect to a suspicious degree. She often wondered if the intensity in his eyes was real. Listening to his slightly muffled voice, her fingertips on his head, she stayed silent.
When the first light of dawn broke, she finally asked, "Why did you send me away?"
King had regained his strength by then and looked up at her. His eyes were red-rimmed, as if poisoned.
"What?"
"Why did you have Myles send me away!" she demanded, her eyes blazing with anger.
"I didn't," he shot back quickly, gripping her hand tight. "I really didn't."
How could he have let Myles send her away? Myles had acted under someone else's orders, but King.
didn't care to think about it anymore. Myles was dead now, anyway.
en FindNovel
"Brielle, why would I send you away?" His voice was weak. He held her, not wanting to let go.
Brielle pursed her lips and slapped him. King looked hurt. Even if he'd left in a fit of anger, surely one bullet was punishment enough?
"Children, why harm the children? If you're tired of me, sending me away is one thing."
King realized something was off. His brows furrowed as he touched her forehead-no fever. He moved her to the bed and rang for the doctor.
The doctor arrived quickly.
"Give her a thorough check-up," King said seriously.
Then, turning to Brielle with a gentle look, he kissed her fingertips.
"I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't do those things. It must b Myles messing with your memory. Just calm down, okay? Brielle." 
His gaze seemed to calm the turmoil in her heart, bringing her a sense of peace.
The doctor examined her but
couldn't find anything wrong. The damage was to her memory, something only a skilled hypnotist could fix. But no one could out hypnotize Myles. 
With Myles gone, Brielle had no choice but to wait for her memory to recover on its own.
###Chapter 1232
Joseph knocked on the door, balancing a tray of breakfast, figuring it was about time his boss might be up for some food.
Sure enough, King's stomach practically roared at the sight of the food. He picked up the bowl of chicken noodle soup, the steam curling up into the air, and gently spoon-fed Brielle. "Eat up, then we can take it slow with the explanations," he said, his voice soft and reassuring.
Brielle glanced at him, noticing the stark difference in his appearance. The once cocky smirk was gone, replaced by a gauntness that spoke of sleepless nights. The bruise on his cheek only added to his worn look, as if he had just come out of a battle. She frowned, managing to eat half the bowl.
King watched her, a warm look in his eyes. Once she pushed the bowl away, he slowly started on his own soup, taking his time with each spoonful.
Joseph, peeking through the hospital room's small window, sighed in relief at the absence of conflict.
Kailee, standing next to him, was still reeling from the news she received the night before.
"So, Brielle's the one who left King high and dry? Little Cricket is her kid?" she asked, still struggling to wrap her head around the revelation.
Joseph nodded, stepping back with a look of disdain.
"You don't need to distract the public eye anymore. Stay away from the boss."
Kailee felt discarded, her mood souring.
"Am I even your sister anymore? You used me, but did you ever consider I genuinely like King?"
"I did, but you're not good enough for him."
His words left Kailee speechless, stewing in her own thoughts before sneaking another glance through the small mirror. Despite her heartache, she couldn't deny the undeniable chemistry between King and Brielle, a stark contrast to King's usual icy demeanor. King, now without his mask, seemed more human, especially when looking at Brielle with such tender care.
Unable to watch any longer, Kailee stormed off, nursing her bruised heart.
Back in the room, Brielle sensed something amiss. King's temper, once volatile at any hint of betrayal, was now replaced by cautious indulgence, even as he was wounded.
She noticed him cleaning up, holding onto her hand as if afraid she'd vanish like smoke the moment he let go.
After Joseph cleared the tray, King opened the curtains, flooding the room with sunlight. Brielle squinted against the brightness, then found herself wrapped in a comforting embrace. 
"Brielle, what do you remember?"
"You let Myles drown our child."
King froze, disbelief etched on his face.
"Who told you that?"
He reached for her hand, only to be shrugged off.
"Stop pretending. You never loved me."
Silence fell, the weight of her words hanging heavy in the air. Brielle,
intent on making him pay, found. nee
herself conflicted, her heart aching at his evident suffering. 
"Are you talking about Isaac?"
Confusion clouded her eyes, leading King to realize her memory was not jumbled but missing pieces.
"Who's Isaac?"
Dustin arrived soon after, disbelief in his eyes at seeing Brielle.
"Little Yuna!"
She remained silent, further puzzled.
Dustin grabbed her shoulders. "Did
Myles do something to you? It's okay, he's gone now. Grandmother was early hospitalized from worry." 
Brielle shifted her gaze away indifferently.
"And you are?"
###Chapter 1233
Dustin froze, his eyes locked on King. King remained silent, his gaze deep and unreadable.
"Brielle, what was up with you seeing me last time?"
Brielle thought for a moment. "I don't know how long I was out, but I remember Myles, following your orders, trying to drown our child. I begged him to stop, but he said I had angered you. The child was taken to the bathroom, and then... silence. Myles said you wanted to send me away, maybe because you had a new target."
King understood. Her memory had stopped right after she was sent away.
"I didn't, Brielle. I never told Myles to do that."
King glanced at Dustin, then tightened his grip on Brielle's hand.
"Bro, I've got some misunderstandings to clear up with her. I'll take her back to the estate for now. As for the Lynch family, can you explain things to them? She doesn't recognize any of you at the moment."
King's voice quivered slightly. He realized that Brielle's memory had paused at that moment, and even knowing he was responsible for the child's fate, she still couldn't bring herself to end his life. Why?
Didn't she always say she didn't want the child? Even if she hadn't actively abandoned the child, her disinterest was clear.
Dustin remained silent. His involvement in past memories was limited. And now, with Brielle not remembering the Lynch family, staying would only cause more trouble.
He gave King a grave look. "If anything goes wrong this time, I won't let you two be together again."
King hastily pledged, "I won't. I won't leave her side."
The recent events had left everyone shaken.
Dustin looked at Brielle, intending to ruffle her hair, but she dodged, a hint of wariness in her eyes. He sighed, reluctantly left the room, and called his family, who were nearly frantic with worry.
Inside the hospital room, Brielle felt exhausted, especially after realizing she had been sent away to that island, plagued by sleepless nights and bouts of rage-induced fainting. Now, facing the source of her anger, she wished she could slap him. But with shots fired and blows exchanged, it seemed there was nothing left to do.
King simply maintained his gaze on her, and after a long while, finally asked, "Brielle, do you despise me that much?" Wondering if that was why she was desperate to get rid of the child, seeking out every possible way to abort.
Brielle remained silent. King didn't press her, instead, he lifted her in his arms.
"Let's go home."
They would talk more once home. Brielle, held in his embrace, kept her eyes closed. Even upon entering the car, he couldn't bear to let go, holding her tightly.
Upon entering the estate, she frowned, reminded of her long confinement and eventual abandonment there, her face paling. "I don't want to stay here." She had grown to despise it.
King hesitated, then looked down at her. "Alright, where would you like to stay?"
"I want to go back to Beaconsfield. My final project is due soon."
King felt a softening in his heart, gently placing her on the couch. "Okay, we'll head back to Beaconsfield."
Brielle sighed in relief, grateful for his
indulgence, But her relief was
short-lived as she spotted a child descending the stairs, bearing a
striking resemblance to King, with a
swnov
majestic leopard by his side
In that moment, Brielle felt a chill run through her veins, her eyes welling up with tears, biting back the pain. King was fetching her a drink when her slap landed across his cheek. "Who is he?!"
Her voice trembled, disbelief evident
in her gaze. King, struck by the blow, felt his cheek swell. Brielle's tears fell, realizing she was being replaced by another woman who had borne him a child. en FindNovel
Feeling a blockage in her chest, she wished to vomit blood, yet nothing came out.
"Don't tell me, he isn't your child."
King touched his swollen cheek, not so much in pain as in fleeting sadness. "He's my child."
Brielle stood up, storming towards the door. "Brielle!"
He chased after her, pulling her back into his embrace. "Let me go!"
As Brielle kicked against him, he held her even tighter.
"He's my child. Are you jealous? Maybe you do care about me, right? If you remembered everything so clearly, why didn't you fire a second shot at the hospital, Brielle, could it be" 
You like me.
###Chapter 1234
When the thought crossed his mind, he felt utterly ridiculous. How could Brielle possibly like him? She always looked at him with such disdain, as if she wished he would just drop dead. Impossible. His voice was shaky as he asked the question, his eyes red. He pushed her against the wall, holding her tightly. "Is it?"
Brielle remained silent, her gaze drifting past his shoulder to the little boy still standing at the bottom of the staircase. The boy seemed frozen for a moment before quietly making his way upstairs, as if retreating to his room. He was a spitting image of King, with cherubic features that made him irresistibly adorable.
A pang of sorrow hit Brielle, and she looked away. "What do you mean?"
What was he trying to ask? All the courage King had mustered seemed to drain away. He didn't dare to ask further. If Brielle's memory was indeed stuck in that moment, then all she felt towards him was disgust. Asking her outright if she liked him was just setting himself up for humiliation.
But he had to clear the air. "I never had Myles touch the kid. You've always wanted to leave me, even threatening me with the child you carried. I heard you decided to sever ties with me by throwing our child into a dumpster."
"Impossible!" Brielle's face turned pale with shock. "How could I ever do such a thing? They-they..."
She hadn't even had a chance to see the child, didn't even know its gender. How could she possibly have thrown it in a dumpster? A warm surge flowed through King's heart, realizing Brielle had never abandoned their child. It had all been a misunderstanding. He hugged her tightly, a smile creeping onto his lips. "Really? You didn't?"
"Of course, I didn't!" Tears streamed down Brielle's face as she spoke. "But it doesn't matter anymore. The child didn't make it, and it's all my fault."
Isaac sat on the staircase, petting Noir's head, watching the two of them. He had overheard their conversation, so his mom hadn't thrown him away in a dumpster. He wasn't a child picked up from the trash; he was wanted. The villains had meddled in their lives, 
The knot in his heart slowly untangled, yet the years without his mom's presence were real. His feelings for her couldn't compare to those he had for Noir. When Isaac looked up, his gaze met Brielle's. He quickly bowed his head, awkwardly fiddling with Noir's ear. Noir glanced at him, its ear twitching. 
Brielle didn't understand the child's situation, but seeing him reminded her of the one she had lost. "King, let me go."
Her body stiffened. She had said those words countless times, as if desperate to escape his world. And so, he felt she loathed him.
He had answered countless times as well. Brielle remained silent, her low self-esteem surfacing once more. She always asked him to let her go, as if truly seeking worldly freedom. But if he really let go, it would hurt more than anything.
"I won't."
They held each other in silence, neither speaking a word. After a long while, King wanted to ask if she was tired and talk about Isaac. But Brielle had fallen asleep on his shoulder. She must have been lacking rest lately.
King's heart softened, and he carried her upstairs to bed. Isaac watched him pass by and quickly followed. After King tucked her in, he glanced at the clock on the wall. "Little cicada, you should rest too. I have something to tell you tomorrow." Isaac guessed it was probably about Brielle being his mom. He nodded and headed to his room without hesitation.
After a shower, King noticed the
wound on his shoulder still bleeding. Looking in the mirror, he saw half his face swotten. Exiting the bathroom he called a doctor to extract the bullet The procedure went smoothly, and the bloodied bullet
was wrapped in gauze. King thought for a moment, then instructed
Joseph, "Put this in a box and keep it
in my study." 
The doctor couldn't help but glance at him, wondering if this was some kind of fetish. King, however, had a sweet look in his eyes and remained silent.
###Chapter 1235
Joseph didn't turn down any of his requests and even asked, "Need a cleaning?"
"Make it spotless."
Joseph nodded and immediately took the bullet to be cleaned and sanitized.
King had his shoulder wrapped in gauze, looking much better. After the doctor finished the bandaging, he left.
King went upstairs alone, took a shower without getting the gauze wet, and once he felt warm, he slid under the covers and wrapped Brielle in his arms.
"Little Canary," he whispered. There was no response, but he contentedly nuzzled into her neck and drifted off to sleep.
Beaconsfield.
After arriving here with the crew, Emma was assigned a room. Many people came to see her during her stay. According to other hopefuls, these visitors were judges who would score each contestant's image.
Emma stood out so much that almost every judge took a keen interest in her. But when asked about her talents-singing, dancing, chatting-she couldn't do any of them.
Left with no choice, Stellar Stage Entertainment had to settle everyone into a residential area for the time being. This area was specially developed by Stellar Stage Entertainment, reportedly costing billions to secure the land, all in an effort to nurture new talents in the entertainment industry. Stellar Stage Entertainment really went all out to ensure these newcomers were well taken care of.
Compared to the dorms that housed ten people in one room, Stellar Stage Entertainment's arrangement was truly generous. Emma was given a room of about 430 square feet. There was a communal dining hall, and her schedule was packed with various posture and presentation classes. Peyton, of course, stayed with her.
From her first day in the big city, Peyton felt uneasy, especially amid the towering skyscrapers and bustling streets. She worried her worn clothes and calloused hands would draw ridicule. But thankfully, they were accompanied by members of the crew, all from Stellar Stage Entertainment, who paid no mind to their attire.
Even as Peyton lay in bed, the whole
experience felt surreal. They had actually settled in Beaconsfield. Beaconsfield! The place her man had dreamt of making his fortune before he met his untimely death there. For many women in the village, the biggest dream was to live in town. To them, moving to town was the height of vanity. 
No one ever imagined settling in Beaconsfield.
Peyton cautiously explored the items in the room. The decor was simple, featuring a bed, a kitchen about 108 square feet, a living area of the same size, plus a bedroom and a bathroom, making the small home feel very cozy.
In the beginning, Peyton was incredibly nervous. After all, a pair of shoes cost a hundred back in town. She dared not think how much they would cost in Beaconsfield and barely ventured outside for the first few days, relying on Emma to come get her for meals after classes.
Peyton's first visit to the luxurious dining hall left her feeling out of place.
Emma, having spent days training with the posture coaches, wasn't as shy around strangers. In the village, she had always been bold, and after the initial adjustment period, she began to feel more at ease her She worked hard in every class, knowing this was her chance to change her destiny, and she was determined to seize it! 
Just as Emma and Peyton sat down, a snooty girl sitting next to them scoffed and dramatically pinched her nose.
"Ugh, I was wondering why the air suddenly turned foul. Looks like the country bumpkins have arrived."
Peyton, mortified by the remark,
stood up to leave, but Emma pulled
her back down and faced the girl. This girl, Leona, was also a contender for the host position and one of the favorites. Leona was beautiful and sweet-looking, reportedly from a wealthy Beaconsfield family with several properties. She wore jewelry worth tens of thousands, not lacking in money but seeking fame or perhaps even more wealth. 
After all, everyone knew fortune came quickly in the entertainment world.
###Chapter 1236
"If you think the air here sucks, feel free to find somewhere else," Emma said, her tone casual as she held Peyton's hand. "Mom, sit down and keep eating. Once we're done, I'll drive you back. I still have class later."
Tonight was their big debut on the live stream, and future broadcasts would be ranked based on viewer count and donations. Only the top three would become Stellar Stage Entertainment's featured female streamers, winning a cozy 750-square-foot apartment. An apartment like that was a dream far beyond the reach of most people.
Peyton looked embarrassed, avoiding Leona's gaze.
Leona slammed her cutlery down, her lips curling in disdain. "Country bumpkin, who do you think you're talking to? Don't think I don't know you two crawled out of some backwoods to snag this opportunity. Heh, we'll see how you fare on tonight's stream. Better pack your bags and scoot when it's over!"
In front of Emma were a few simple dishes, all crafted by the cafeteria's nutritionist as part of their strict daily diet. But Peyton, being a family member and having a hearty appetite, had a whole array of food in front of her, grabbing whatever would fill her up. Seeing everyone else's refined plates compared to her loaded tray, Peyton felt utterly mortified. Yet, she couldn't get full on those dainty servings. The first day they dined here, she took less, fearing mockery. But hunger pangs would wake her up in the middle of the night, leading her to gulp down water voraciously.
Once Emma found out, she made sure to heap Peyton's plate with food, reminding her, "It's fine as long as you don't waste it. Mom, just take whatever you want. That machine over there is for swiping your card. The company tops it up with meal credits every month, which expire, so it'd be a waste not to use it."
Emma wasn't entirely truthful; the credits didn't really expire. But old habits die hard, and without this little white lie, Peyton might starve rather than take more.
Now, Peyton looked at her pile of food, and along with Leona's remarks attracting stares, she felt too frightened to speak, clutching Emma's hand as if they were lambs among wolves. 
Emma patted her hand soothingly and faced Leona. "So what if you come out on top tonight? It's the overall ranking after a month that counts."
Leona sneered, "Emma, don't you
get it? Even the audience's
donations count towards the score. My family can throw millions to boost my career. What about yours? Can you and your dear mom even muster a thousand bucks? Without Stellar Stage Entertainment's support, you and your pauper mom would probably starve out there." 
Her words were brutal truths yet embarrassing to hear.
Peyton's face burned with shame. But Emma stood up, showing her hands - not the delicate kind usually seen on women, but ones toughened by hard work.
"These hands used to gather herbs in our village, herbs that might end up all over the world. My mom's hands have tilled the rice fields, with the harvest feeding not just us but many beyond. Everything you eat, use, or wear comes from the labor
of countless 'country ke
us, I see no shame in
family's wealth is your business, and our poverty is ours. I haven't judged your family's riches, so I'd appreciate it if you'd refrain from mocking ours!" 
Her words resonated powerfully, silencing the room.
Leona trembled with rage but then heard applause from a short-haired girl with a round face nearby. Soon, the whole room joined in, clapping. Leona felt as if she'd been slapped across the face, the sting unbearable.
###Chapter 1237
Emma shot a furious glance at Emma, taking a deep breath to steady herself.
"You little snake! Just you wait!"
Emma didn't react, simply settling back into her chair with a calm demeanor. The others around them were stealing glances, but she didn't mind. Instead, she focused on comforting Peyton.
"Mom, please eat. You've been bedridden recently; your body needs the nourishment."
Peyton tried to discreetly wipe away her tears, her sleeves growing damp.
"Emma, maybe we should just go back. The town was nice, and nobody there pointed fingers or hurled insults at us. Being a doctor there was respectable, too. That girl from earlier doesn't seem like she's going to leave us alone. This might just be the beginning of more trouble."
"Mom, don't worry about what she said. We don't owe her anything."
The first time Emma had arrived in Beaconsfield, the price of a beef sandwich at $35 had shocked her for a long time. After all, she had grown up in a rural area, eating simple bread and foraged greens, with meat being a once-a-week luxury that barely cost $10 a pound. It had been a shock and, initially, a source of embarrassment.
But after attending numerous classes with her teachers, she gradually came to terms with it.
There was no shame in it, as long as you lived an honest life, regardless of where you were.
Seeing Peyton unconvinced, she silently started eating, tears streaming down her face as she did. After the meal, Emma walked her back.
"I have classes tonight, and some folks from the company are going to drop off the computers we'll be using. I've cleaned up the remaining space in the bedroom; just have them set up the streaming computer there." Peyton, worried she might forget, made a point to check the bedroom again.
"Okay, Emma. Focus on your classes."
Emma saw the anxiety on Peyton's face. She knew her mother was under a lot of psychological pressure, especially since she still felt uneasy about going to the cafeteria alone. Holding her hand, Emma spoke reassuringly.
"Mom, in a month, the top performer
in this competition will get a house
from the company, about 750 square feet, worth over a million dollars. I'm going to give it my all, so don't worry. Just keep on eating and drinking as usual. And even if I don't make it big, we can always move back to the countryside." 
Over a million dollars?!
Shock filled Peyton's eyes; she had never seen that much money in her life, not even in her wildest dreams.
"Mom, just making it to the top three means becoming a featured broadcaster. I've looked into it, and even that position can make good money, Even if I don't win first place, I'll fight for a spot in the top three. That salary will be more than enough to support us both." 
Peyton's hands trembled, her lips turning pale.
After a long pause, she finally clasped Emma's hand.
"I know it's no use saying anything
now; we've come this far. Sigh, Emma, as long as you know what you're doing, that's enough. You don't like my nagging, you have your own ideas, and I seem to upset you within minutes of opening my mouth. I don't even know what I did wrong. So, you don't have to report everything to me. Just go and do what you need to." 
Tears welled up in Emma's eyes. This was what she had always hoped her mother would understand - not to confine her with those old village norms, telling her she should find a man and settle down.
Like how a woman should stay home, take care of the kids, serve the man, respect her mother-in-law, and dutifully be a housekeeper.
That's how the older generation lived. Peyton did the same, with men earning the money while she stayed home, tending to pigs, doing household chores, and waiting for someone to come home. So, when Emma wanted to break these rules, Peyton wasn't thrilled but rather fearful.
How could a girl have so many ideas?
After all, no matter how much education a girl received, wasn't she meant to marry eventually? No matter how successful she might become outside, she would still need a man, or what would people think?
But after hearing Emma's constant reassurances, Peyton's mindset had started to shift, albeit only slightly. Deep down, she still longed to return to the town.
However, she also understood that she couldn't leave her daughter behind. Now, her daughter was her only kin and the person she would have to rely on in the future.
###Chapter 1238
"Mom, go take a break," Peyton said, nodding as she felt the ache in her back from two days of doing laundry for people in town.
Since moving to Beaconsfield, life had become a cycle of eating, sleeping, and cleaning their cozy little apartment. It was a comfortable routine, and she had even put on a few pounds. But the worry about Emma not making the cut gnawed at her. They only had a few thousand dollars left. Peyton had already bought her medication for the year, but what would they do if they had to go back to town? What if the hospital didn't want Emma anymore? Peyton couldn't shake off her anxiety.
Meanwhile, Emma arrived at Stellar Stage Entertainment. Just as she stepped into the elevator, she saw Aubree.
Aubree, flanked by her agent, seemed to have just come back from filming. They were discussing her schedule for the next month.
"Let's table this for now. We can go over it in detail once I'm settled upstairs. And cancel that interview from last time. The organizers are just chasing clout, and trending isn't always for the right reasons."
For her latest role, Aubree had cut her hair to a chic shoulder length, looking exceptionally sleek and professional.
Upon seeing Emma, a spark of recognition lit up Aubree's eyes.
"Emma, it's you!"
Aubree was puzzled, remembering someone had mentioned the surname 'Luo' last time.
And then, that night Dustin had asked if it was Luo from Luoyang, Emma of 'my dear,' but Emma had denied it, leading Aubree to disconnect the call.
Meeting Emma again, Aubree wondered why Dustin knew her.
Could it be that the child inside Emma was Dustin's?
"Hi, Aubree," Emma greeted politely with a slight bow.
At Stellar Stage Entertainment, everyone addressed Aubree with respect, given she was the top actress and among the first wave of talent to make it big from the agency. No one could threaten her status, not even the promising newcomers. "Just call me Aubree, no need for formalities."
Emma had quickly grasped the dynamics within Stellar Stage Entertainment. Aubree was at the peak of her fame, and using her first
name too casually could irritate t
others, making it seem like she was trying to cozy up. Only a select few, like the celebrated actor Keiran and some top executives, could get away with it. 
Aubree's gaze landed on Emma's belly, contemplating that having Emma as a host was a smart move. However, once the pregnancy became more apparent, it would
undoubtedly be challenging.
Even if hosting required only the upper body to be shown, staying slim was crucial, potentially affecting the baby's nutrition.
But that wasn't Aubree's concern. For Emma, securing the lead position was paramount.
The elevator ride was silent until Aubree finally spoke up.
"Are you sure Dustin has nothing to do with your baby?"
Emma stiffened, her fingers trembling slightly.
"Yes."
"But last time he asked if it was Luo from Luoyang, Emma as in 'my dear,' why did you say your surname was Luo?"
"I was just too nervous, and maybe he knows another woman with the same name."
"Really?" Aubree's tone was skeptical, adding, "Do you think I'm a fool?"
The likelihood of both knowing people with the same name and surname was incredibly slim.
Emma, her face flushing with embarrassment, remained silent. She knew her lie was flimsy, especially now that Aubree knew her real surname, sparking suspicion.
As the elevator reached Aubree's floor, Emma, who had missed her stop in her distraction, awkwardly pressed the button again.
"Come with me. Let's have a proper talk," Aubree suggested.
Following Aubree with a sense of dread, Emma felt the weight of the superstar's presence, as if a mountain pressed down upon her.
She timidly followed Aubree into her
private office where Aubree handed
off her jacket to her agent and sat down, signaling Emma to do the
same. The agent brought the
water, but Emma, feeling like she was on trial, didn't dare to make move, her throat parched from nerves. 
###Chapter 1239
Aubree leaned back, sinking into her chair. She had thought about lighting up a cigarette, but then she remembered her pregnancy and decided against it.
"That baby's Dustin's, isn't it? Don't even think about lying; it's easy to find out. A quick trip to your hometown would clear everything up."
Emma's hands clenched tightly on her knees, her face paling in an instant.
After a long pause, she finally whispered, "Yes."
Even though Aubree had already suspected it, hearing the confirmation still left her a bit stunned.
Dustin, the notorious playboy, actually had a kid out there?
Her gaze sharpened as she tried to figure out Emma's motives. Was she trying to climb the social ladder using the baby? Hoping the child would one day inherit Infinity Brilliance?
But Emma had cried so bitterly the first time Aubree asked and had denied such intentions. That somewhat reassured Aubree; otherwise, the Lynch family would be in for a mess. "Aubree, if you and Dustin are... involved, could you let me go? I didn't plan this pregnancy. I forgot to be careful, and by the time I realized I was sick, it was too late. I won't interfere with you and Dustin. Once the baby is born, I'll leave Beaconsfield and never see him again."
Emma was trembling, clearly terrified. She felt the humiliation of being caught as 'the other woman' and the shame of her unplanned pregnancy.
Aubree frowned, taking a sip of water from the table.
"Dustin and I aren't involved that way. I've told you before, his sister is my best friend. But don't think I didn't warn you, Dustin's quite the catch in North America, with ex-girlfriends who are stars and supermodels known worldwide. None of them ended up pregnant, and he's always been careful. Unless he was hurt, you'd likely never have crossed paths with him."
Emma wasn't offended by Aubree's bluntness; she knew it was the truth. She breathed a sigh of relief. If Aubree wasn't romantically involved with Dustin, maybe she'd turn a blind eye to the baby?
"Emma, I don't know if he even likes
you, or what he'll think about this baby. I'm honestly stunned. Dustin's wealth is beyond what you could imagine and I don't even know ift should reach out to him. He's not just Beaconsfield's golden boy; he's the CEO of Infinity Brilliance. Look it up, and you'll see the vast world that separates you." 
Aubree massaged her temples, her words laden with truth.
The gap between them was enormous; a relationship would only burden Emma.
But Aubree didn't want to be the villain in Emma's story, crushing any hope she might have.
"I'm not even sure if you genuinely like Dustin. To be honest, Mr. Lynch is a catch-attentive and caring, a dream guy as long as you don't fall too hard. But if you do fall for him, it's a disaster." en FindNovel
"Aubree, I don't want to tell him, and I don't want anything to do with him. That night meant nothing to him. Initially, I wanted to find him, feeling it was unfair to decide the baby's fate alone. But since he doesn't know, the baby is mine alone. I won't harbor any illusions; I promise to
stay away. So, could you keep this secret?" 
Aubree felt a headache coming on. She really didn't want to get involved in this drama. If these two ended up together, she'd be caught in the middle, looking bad no matter what. But faced with Emma's plea, she couldn't refuse.
"I won't spill the beans to him, but you need to be prepared. He'll come to Beaconsfield eventually, and you will run into him."
Emma's face lit up with gratitude.
"I'll keep my distance."
###Chapter 1240
Stepping out of Aubree's office, Emma was drenched in sweat, feeling like she'd just fought a battle.
She headed straight to the gym to continue her workout for the day. By the time she was dragging her weary body home, she bumped into the round-faced girl from the cafeteria.
The girl, with her cute looks and hair tied into two buns, was the epitome of adorable-a trait their coach had said was an advantage.
"Hey, Emma! I'm Candice. Are you nervous about our first live stream tonight? Did you follow Stellar Stage Entertainment's official account? They've already started hyping it up. Tonight, tons of people will be tuning in, and tomorrow the first round of rankings will come Candice babbled on, her anxiety making her face pale.
out."
Emma couldn't deny she was nervous. Despite the coaches' advice on how to present herself in front of the camera and maintain a graceful smile, it felt like a different ball game now that it was showtime.
"Emma, did you get your setup ready?" Candice suddenly asked.
Emma looked puzzled. "What setup?"
Candice stared at her in disbelief. "Even though the company gives us computers and microphones, our rooms are tiny. We need to add some decorations in the background. Otherwise, it'll just be a bare wall, which looks awful on camera. Plus, we need proper lighting. Didn't you ask around? The company only provides the basics. Someone like Leona, her family's loaded, so she upgraded her entire setup. It cost her a fortune, and her live stream looks way better than ours."
Emma's heart sank. She hadn't even thought about the background decor.
She had been watching live streams recently, admiring how beautiful the streamers' backgrounds were, thinking they were real. Candice's reminder was a wake-up call.
But ordering anything online now was out of the question, especially since she had only recently bought a smartphone upon arriving in Beaconsfield and was still figuring out online shopping.
Candice, noticing Emma's cluelessness and with the live stream only two hours away, felt slightly relieved about her own nervousness.
"Remember to adjust the lighting to make it softer on your face; it'll make your features pop. Don't just start streaming without checking the angle," Candice advised.
Emma did know this much.
"Can I buy background stuff locally?" she asked.
"You can, but it's pricier, and with just two hours left, you might not make it," Candice replied.
With no other options, Emma had to make do for the night.
Back home, she checked the computer setup provided by the company. Turning on the webcam, she saw the plain white wall behind her partially showing her bed, which lacked any aesthetic appeal. 
Streaming with this background would surely land her at the bottom of the rankings.
Emma quickly roped in Peyton.
"Mom, let's go outside and collect some leaves. Remember, we can't mess with the community area. Only pick up the ones on the ground, or the security guards will scold us." Peyton, clueless about Emma's plan but eager to help, followed her out.
Their community, funded by Stellar
Stage Entertainment, was exceptionally well-maintained, destined to house trainees for decades, offering a better
Whevel
areas. tel
environment than most residential
Peyton grabbed a basket, picking up the most beautiful leaves she could find.
Leona, passing by, burst into laughter upon seeing them.
"Really, you and your mom haven't hit rock bottom yet, have you? Picking up trash now? How embarrassing! Look everyone, people about to debut, and they're collecting garbage."
Leona's voice drew the attention of other streamers in the area, all pausing to watch Emma and Peyton.
Peyton felt ashamed and tried to pull Emma away, but Emma focused on selecting leaves, instructing, "Mom, get more of these colored ones. I'll ask the security where we can find petals." 
Leona, feeling ignored, stomped forward and kicked the leaves Emma was collecting.
"Hey, you ignoring me on purpose?" she snapped.
Emma slowly stood up, towering over Leona. Not the frail type, her presence alone made Leona step back.
After all, this was Stellar Stage Entertainment's territory, where personal security was not allowed. Any conflict would disadvantage her.
Leona scoffed, stomping on the leaves again.
"You and your mom must be desperate, picking up this trash to make tea, huh? Enjoy drinking my foot water," she sneered.
###Chapter 1241
Emma felt like she was dealing with an alien. She grabbed Peyton and started to leave, but not without catching Leona's unmistakable snicker trailing behind them.
The crowd around them thought Leona's behavior was way over the top. There was no need to mock someone so openly.
But everyone knew Leona came from money. This event tracked viewer donations, and Leona's family could easily drop a few million to boost her as the star streamer. It was pretty much a given that Leona would snag one of the top spots. Getting on her bad side could make life tough later.
If Leona ended up amassing a huge following, a couple of disparaging words from her during a stream could ruin someone.
So, everyone stuck to the principle of "less drama, better karma." No one stepped up.
Leona scanned the room triumphantly before leaving with a huff.
Meanwhile, Peyton felt embarrassed and slowed down a bit.
But seeing Emma seriously picking leaves, Peyton sighed and kept at it.
After collecting enough, Emma found the community's security guard to ask about any flowers in the area.
The guard pointed her to a spot where Camellias were growing. "Over there, you'll find Camellias-bigger and fuller than the usual kind. If you want some for a vase, just sweet-talk the gardener. He'll let you have some since they trim regularly anyway." Emma thanked him profusely and headed over.
The gardener turned out to be surprisingly accommodating, cutting several blooms, each larger than her hand.
After expressing her gratitude, Emma and Peyton headed back inside.
She decorated the background wall with the collected leaves, using glue to add touches here and there, making the backdrop seem almost outdoorsy and less bland.
She then creatively arranged the Camellias with some sticks they had found, making it appear as if the flowers were growing indoors, adding a touch of nature. After finishing, she quickly showered.
Knowing she wasn't skilled in makeup, Emma settled for a simple ponytail before sitting in front of the camera.
Emma knew she wasn't the most talented in the group, lacking singing or dancing skills, and even speaking to strangers without stuttering was a challenge.
Taking a deep breath, she saw that people were already contacting them-a representative from Stellar Stage Entertainment briefing them and setting a ten-minute countdown. 
en FindNovel
When the countdown ended, Emma promptly started the stream.
She glanced at the viewer count-only a few hundred.
After greeting the viewers with a smile, she found herself at a loss for words.
Just as she was about to speak, someone commented.
"Go check out the next room, the host is giving away money! I got a hundred bucks!"
"It's true, no lie! The host named Leona said it's her birthday today and she's randomly rewarding viewers!"
Before Emma could engage further, the few hundred viewers vanished, leaving her with a viewer count of zero.
At the same time, Leona's viewer
count soared to 800,000. She had transformed her room into a streaming paradise, looking absolutely charming. Noticing the spike in viewers, she welcomed them with a sweet voice. 
"Welcome, cuties! It's my birthday today, and I'm randomly rewarding some of you with enough for a few cups of coffee. If you like what you see, hit follow in the top left corner. There will be more where that came from. Love you, muah!" 
Using money to attract followers was indeed the quickest method.
And it didn't break any of Stellar Stage Entertainment's rules. How many followers you could attract was a testament to your ability.
The entertainment industry was brutal by nature. All Stellar Stage Entertainment could do was closely monitor the data to prevent any manipulation.
###Chapter 1242
Leona's move flipped the script on the live-streaming game, sucking up most of the viewers and leaving the other streamers in an awkward spot. It was a high-stakes arena where wealthy streamers threw cash around to keep up, but none could match Leona's financial prowess. Within the first minute of going live, she had already splurged $20,000 in tips. The uncertainty of becoming the platform's featured streamer meant every dollar invested could be money down the drain for those who didn't make the cut. But Leona, with her life of luxury-accessories and designer bags worth tens of thousands-barely blinked at the spending. This strategy was her ticket to the top spot, a sure bet to recoup her investment and then some.
Emma, on the other hand, was staring at a viewer count of zero. She couldn't help but feel deflated, though she kept up a graceful smile, dreading the thought of someone tuning in only to find her looking disheartened. Despite overcoming her initial camera shyness, the long hours in front of the lens were still a challenge.
The coaches at Stellar Stage Entertainment had armed them with all the tricks of the trade. Now, it was showtime, each broadcaster bringing their unique flair to the table.
With her camera-ready posture and the creatively decorated backdrop, Emma had indeed set the stage. But in this digital era, nothing spoke louder than cold, hard cash.
About half an hour later, as the cash splash next door seemed to wind down, a trickle of viewers began finding their way to Emma's stream.
She straightened up and greeted them warmly, "Hey there, I'm Emma, the new face around here. Welcome to my stream!"
But her introduction was quickly marred by a snarky comment on her chat feed.
"What's that trashy decor in the background? Picked up from the curb? How broke can you be to stream with that setup? Go learn from Leona next door."
"Looks like leaves? Did you actually pick those up? Though, not gonna lie, it kinda looks cool."
"Cool? Seriously? Who knows how many have stepped on them or worse, spit on them. Leona's stream is where it's at - sweet talk and all. What's with this girl, as lively as a dead fish?" The user didn't hold back, flinging insults from the get-go.
Emma knew this was the work of a troll, possibly even sent by Leona to undermine her. Despite Leona's soaring popularity, she hadn't forgotten to kick Emma while she was down. Emma chose to ignore the vitriol, instead addressing another viewer's inquiry with a smile.
"This? Oh, it's a little DIY project of mine. The leaves, yes, I picked them myself but made sure they're spotless And the flowers? Those are camellias. They bloom beautifully. If you've got a garden, you should totally plant one they bloom twice a year!" 
Gradually, she found common ground with her viewers, though the crowd remained thin, never exceeding fifty.
As midnight approached, a hint of disappointment shadowed Emma's face, her stream's popularity clearly at the bottom rung.
When the clock struck twelve, Stellar Stage Entertainment's backend began nudging them off-air, promising an update on the rankings on their official platform soon.
"If you've enjoyed your time here,
feel free to follow. I'll be signing off now but will be back soon," Emma assured her viewers before turning off the camera, the forced smile finally collapsing into a sigh of exhaustion. 
Twenty minutes later, the night's rankings were out.
Leona, unsurprisingly, reigned supreme, her score almost the total of the next twenty streamers combined.
Emma checked her own ranking-last place among thirty streamers.
She rubbed her eyes, took a deep breath, and began reviewing the other streams to understand their content strategies. Leona's winning formula was a mix of lavish tipping and sweet serenades, lacking any real uniqueness.
As Emma sifted through the
streams, she noted that those
thriving were deeply engaged in their
areas of expertise. One streamer, boasting an impressive academic background, had even solved a
college entrance exam live attracting a horde of student viewers. 
This inventive approach had rocketed her into the top three, showcasing that innovation, not just investment, was key to capturing the audience's heart.
###Chapter 1243
Emma's mind buzzed with a sudden spark of inspiration as the clock struck five in the morning. She wasn't a singer or a dancer, couldn't solve complex puzzles, but she had a knack for herbal remedies.
Waiting until eight, Emma stood up, took the last bit of cash she had, and headed to the herbal shop in Beaconsfield. After purchasing some herbs, she meticulously cleaned them, ensuring even the roots were intact, and returned home.
This month, they had the option to stream all day but had to sign off by midnight for the official score tally. They could resume streaming after 1 a.m., if they still had the energy, all in a bid to attract more followers.
After seeing her rank last night, Emma decided not to continue streaming, unlike several other hosts who went on till dawn. She laid the herbs out to dry on the windowsill, thinking of asking Peyton if she was hungry, but her roommate was nowhere to be seen.
It was odd; Peyton, timid and afraid of embarrassment, rarely went out unless Emma accompanied her for meals. Where she was today was a mystery.
Peyton had left the apartment complex, determined to improve their living space after hearing about her daughter's ranking. Though not quite understanding what streaming involved, she thought some nice curtains or pretty paintings might brighten up their room. With the last thousand dollars in her pocket, and no immediate expenses, she decided to make the best of it.
But, unfamiliar with hailing cabs and somewhat lost, Peyton mimicked others on the street, only to stop a luxury car worth millions, driven by Leona.
"You're Emma's mom, the bumpkin, right? What are you doing waving at me? As if I'd give you a ride. You and your daughter couldn't afford a tire on this car in your lifetimes."
Peyton, cheeks burning with humiliation and not quick with words, felt the sting of Leona's scorn. She knew her rural roots all too well in the face of such wealth.
With a sneer, Leona ordered her bodyguards, "Get her in the car."
Peyton tried to retreat but couldn't escape the grip of the bodyguards, pleading, "Let me go!"
Leona smirked, instructing her driver, "Take us somewhere busy. This hick's probably never seen a bustling street in her life. Let's show her around."
The driver, used to his boss's antics, complied despite his reservations.
Peyton was visibly terrified, a stark contrast to Leona's superiority as she taunted, "Enjoy the ride. This will probably be the highlight of your life. Who knows, you might end up thanking me once you realize what kind of car you're in."
in
After an hour, Leona had her thrown out in a crowded shopping plaza, without a phone and only the cash her pocket completely lost on how to get back. Asking for directions. was a challenge with her thick accent, and surrounded by trendy youngsters, Peyton felt utterly out of place, eventually collapsing into a chair to weep. 
Leaving an elderly parent was like a fledgling bird straying from the nest. As children, parents provide; in old age, roles often reverse. Emma searched frantically, even enlisting the help of local security, but after three hours, there was no sign of Peyton. Pale with fear, Emma contacted the police. 
The authorities reviewed surveillance footage, confirming Peyton was taken by Leona's car. Confronting Leona alongside Emma, the wealthy young woman shrugged indifferently, "She wanted a ride, so I gave her one. Am I to be blamed for being kind?" 
The footage did show Peyton signaling the car, but it was Leona's bodyguards who forced her in. Shaking with anger, Emma had never before encountered such youthful malice. "My mother doesn't know anyone here, has no phone, doesn't know how to get a cab. If anything happens to her, can you take responsibility?!"
Leona sneered, "What's her life worth, anyway? Don't lecture me. I gave her a ride in a Lamborghini. She should feel honored even in death!"
###Chapter 1244
"Smack!"
Emma's hand flew up and delivered a sharp slap across Leona's face. Leona's head snapped to the side, so stunned that she couldn't react at first. She had been pampered all her life, always getting what she wanted. Her parents had never laid a hand on her, and now Touching her swollen cheek, fury ignited within her. She was ready to lunge at Emma.
this nobody had the nerve to slap her.
"You trash! I'll kill you!"
"If anything happens to my mom, it's you I'm coming after!"
Emma's face was a mask of rage, her eyes burning with intensity. Leona had never seen such a murderous look before. It was as if Emma would really get physical if the cops weren't around.
She was scared, but her pride wouldn't let her back down.
"You just wait. You'll see how I'll make you pay."
The police officer quickly intervened. "Knock it off, or I'll haul both of you down to the station!"
Emma and Leona finally shut up, but the hostility in their glares remained. After the police sent someone to find Peyton, Emma shot Leona one last searing look before heading off.
Meanwhile, Peyton was still sitting on the same bench, dizzy with hunger. She had never been to a mall before, and this one was all about luxury brands, with food courts nowhere to be found on the first floor. After wandering around without finding any place to eat, she had no choice but to return to the bench.
This was the most frightened Peyton had ever felt, almost suffocated by the concrete jungle around her. She started to feel the chill seep into her bones. The sales ladies she encountered had been dismissive, glancing at her from head to toe before shooing her away impatiently.
Someone had kindly told her the food court was on the second floor, but the idea of getting into that tiny, claustrophobic elevator was too much for her, so she retreated. Now, cold and hungry, she curled up on the bench, planning to rough it out for the night. Surely, if Emma realized she was missing, she would call the police? Yes, the police would help her.
Peyton stood up. With no phone and too shy to ask strangers for help, she waited until darkness fell, becoming more and more anxious until she could hardly speak. She positioned herself under the bright lights at the mall entrance, hoping her daughter would find her. As the mall began to close at 10 p.m., the diminishing crowd and the growing unease nearly made her faint. So hungry, so tired.
"Mom!"
Hearing that voice jolted her, and she looked up to see Emma striding over, her face covered in sweat and her lips chapped from dehydration. Seeing her, Peyton burst into tears.
Emma felt terrible. It was her idea to come to Beaconsfield, which had thrown her mother, who'd never left their small town, into such distress.
"It's okay now. We're going home."
A few police officers were behind Emma, all wearing expressions of fatigue. Emma quickly expressed her gratitude.
"Thank you, thank you so much. We found her."
Peyton felt a wave of relief seeing
the uniforms, a deep-seated trust in their authority comforting her.
"Thank you, officers. Really, thank
you." 
The police were also relieved. "Glad you found her. Head home, Ms. Emma. You've had a long day. Get some rest."
Emma and Peyton were escorted home in a police car, Peyton's stomach growling loudly. Ashamed, she pretended her stomach ached, clutching it. "Mom, does your stomach hurt?"
Too embarrassed to admit she was just hungry, Peyton murmured, "It hurts."
"I'll stop and get you some medicine."
Worried about the expense, Peyton quickly demurred, "No, rest will do."
She whispered to Emma, "Actually, I'm just really hungry. Haven't eaten all day, and I'm thirsty."
Emma's eyes immediately welled up. "We'll eat as soon as we get home."
Peyton brightened. "Okay. Oh, did I mess up your livestream today? Did it affect your rankings?"
Her understanding of livestreaming was vague, but she knew it was important to her daughter. "No, I took the day off."
Emma lied, not wanting to burden her mother. In truth, she had missed an entire day of streaming, and with the other streamers already a day ahead, catching up now seemed impossible. 
Back at their place, Emma found the herbs she had laid out to dry scattered and trampled - clearly Leona's doing. Without a word, she first prepared something for Peyton to eat, then collected the herbs from the ground. They were still usable, after all. 
It was already midnight, too late to start streaming. When the official rankings were updated, Emma was far behind, now almost at the very bottom.
###Chapter 1245
Emma let Peyton crash early with a promise: come 1 a.m., she'd be live and kicking. True to her word, as the clock hit one, Emma was online, though her virtual room was nearly a ghost town. Most other streamers were still at it, and after a day off, Emma's comeback wasn't exactly a hit. Just a handful of viewers trickled in.
Armed with the herbs she prepped earlier, Emma started sharing their secrets with her tiny audience. She chatted about which herbs were great for a beauty routine, which ones made soothing tea for your tummy, and even dropped some fun facts about their wild appearances-city folks probably knew more about their roots than their blooms.
Using her phone, she showed a pic of the flowering herbs, pointing out how they attract certain insects. Emma meticulously detailed each herb's uses, noticing more viewers popping in whenever she mentioned wellness tips. Encouraged, she dove deeper, suggesting some herbs could sweeten soup naturally, cutting the need for sugar, or be dried for tea.
Her enthusiasm was contagious, and as the viewer count finally hit a hundred, questions started rolling in, including ones about her glowing skin.
"Tanned? Oh, no, I haven't done anything special. And I'm not really tanned; my coach calls it a 'wheatish glow," she laughed, as the chat filled with "hahaha."
Whenever the chat lulled, Emma smoothly steered it back to wellness, even showing off her go-to drink-a mug brimming with goji berries. "I always keep these on hand. They're super affordable back home, and you can dry them yourself."
The chat buzzed, with many amused by a wellness stream at such an ungodly hour. After all, it was 2 a.m.-prime time for night owls, not exactly the wellness crowd. Yet, here they were, sipping goji berry-infused water, drawn in by Emma's unique blend of late-night herbal lore.
By 6 a.m., with her follower count up by five hundred, Emma's face lit up with a genuine smile. "Alright, I'm signing off for some rest. If you enjoyed the stream, don't forget to
follow. I'll be back with more
wellness wisdom next time
Next door, Leona was starting her day, her mood souring as she noticed Emma's sudden spike in followers. Fueled by a mix of envy and a grudge over a past scuffle, she was ready for payback.
After logging off, Emma crashed, exhausted.
Emma's next stream was swamped, but not with fans-this time, it was a flood of vile comments, too nasty to sift through for a question. The harassment escalated beyond insults to personal attacks.
Meanwhile, Leona was spinning her
own tale, claiming Emma had slapped her in a misunderstanding involving a misplaced phone anda ride in a Lamborghini, of all things. The story painted Emma as a villain, and viewers were eating it up, rallying behind Leona. 
The insults grew more personal and pointed, with calls for Emma's
ouster from Stellar Stage
Entertainment and from
Beaconsfield itself. The situation in Emma's stream deteriorated so badly that even her genuine fans retreated, leaving her isolated under a barrage of hate. 
In the face of such hostility, Emma's passion for sharing her wellness knowledge and love for streaming faced a harsh reality check.
###Chapter 1246
Emma's fingers shook so badly she could barely grip the mouse. She quickly reached out to tech support, but she couldn't counter Leona's claims. There was no way she could just share the surveillance footage with her followers. The online crowd was going nuts, only
seeing Peyton flagging down a cab.
Leona's cheek still bore the mark of a slap, clear as day.
Emma watched helplessly as her follower count plummeted by the hundreds. It felt like she was suffocating, the hateful comments choking her with every word.
Tech support couldn't do much either. These weren't bots sent by Leona; these were real viewers, genuinely pissed off by what Leona had said. They flooded Emma's stream, spewing their anger. All tech support could do was mute them, but that left Emma's stream eerily silent, like she was all alone, with no one left to interact with her.
She thought about shutting down the stream, but with a month's goal still unmet, she couldn't bring herself to quit.
Next door, Leona had gained over ten thousand new followers by playing the victim, praised as a kind-hearted angel. "Next time, think twice before trying to be a philanthropist. Not everyone's grateful."
"Exactly. Emma's just jealous of Leona's money. Probably never seen a Lambo in her life. Her mom's clueless too."
Leona, reading these comments, smiled slyly. "Oh, Emma didn't mean it. I'm not petty. Just wanted to clear up why I got slapped. No need for insults. I'm already popular enough. Attacking her just makes it look like we're bullying."
Then, she turned to the camera with a sweet smile. "Let's keep the songs coming tonight, and don't forget to follow me. Let's not talk about anyone else here, okay?"
She had brought it up herself, yet now she was telling her fans to stop. But her followers, mixed with the slap story, were all sympathizing with her.
Emma's stream had a good number of viewers, but most were just there for the drama.
"You think she'll get a big tip by the end of the month?"
"Who'd tip her? Blind? She deserves a slap, not a tip."
"I tipped her a dollar. Consider it charity, haha."
Emma saw the dollar tip and felt humiliated, tears welling up as she bit her lip.
"What's wrong? Got a tip and not even a thank you? Lose your voice?"
"Not only is she toxic, but she's also got no manners."
These trolls kept coming, not directly insulting, so tech support couldn't ban them.
Meanwhile, at the mansion, Aubree was checking out the new streamers chosen by Stellar Stage
Entertainment and witnessed the et
whole scene. She rubbed her
temples, realizing Emma was out of her league against Leona's tactics. The entertainment industry was filled with much worse. 
Stellar Stage Entertainment could offer a clean platform without forcing artists into uncomfortable situations, but they couldn't protect them from these kinds of attacks. If this kept up, Emma was sure to be the last one standing. The few hundred followers she gained last night had now dropped to zero. 
Aubree frowned, thought for a moment, then sent the live stream link to Dustin with a message.
Mr. Lynch, Bri's company is picking new streamers. What do you think of this one?
Dustin, about to enjoy a coffee and tackle a pile of documents for Infinity Brilliance, raised an eyebrow at Aubree's message.
A streamer? Was Stellar Stage Entertainment expanding?
Too bad his sister couldn't remember him now; he would've loved to share this video with her. With the time difference between North America and Beaconsfield, it was night for Emma and day for him. 
Dustin took a sip of his coffee, noting he had ten minutes before his meeting. He clicked on the live stream link.
A woman's face filled his screen, striking and wild. He paused, intrigued. He glanced at the viewer count - over ten thousand - but the chat was filled with mockery.
Dustin was about to close the window, indifferent to such streams, but he had to admit Stellar Stage Entertainment had an eye for talent.
Just then, Aubree sent another message.
Mr. Lynch, what do you think?
Dustin's lips curved into a smirk, typing back two words.
Quite wild.
###Chapter 1247
Dustin clicked the red "end call" button; he had to get to a meeting.
The meeting dragged on for three hours, and as soon as it wrapped up, his phone buzzed with a call from his mom, Sarah. She wanted to know if he was planning to visit Brielle today.
Dustin had already filled them in on Brielle's situation and the clear misunderstandings that needed to be ironed out with the Lynch family. He had firmly suggested they give her some space for now, but Sarah, ever the worrier, couldn't help herself. During the days Brielle was missing, Sarah barely slept a wink, spending her nights looking after Desiree instead. Now that Brielle was found, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
Dustin managed to reassure his mom, but deep down, he was worried about Brielle too. Unable to resist, he dialed King's number.
At that moment, King was sound asleep, cuddling Brielle, having not rested well for days. Finally having her back, he was reluctant to wake up. Brielle was nestled in his arms, both showing no signs of waking until the ringtone pierced the silence. King's eyes snapped open, and he quickly pressed the answer button, whispering, "Hey, bro."
"How's Little Canary? Is she recovering?" Dustin asked.
"She hasn't woken up yet. I'm planning to have someone check on her today."
After a brief chat, King noticed Brielle's frown and then her eyes fluttering open. He quickly bid Dustin goodbye and wrapped his arms around her.
"Need more sleep?" he asked softly.
Brielle's expression turned frosty. She had come over last night to confront him, only to fall asleep. But seeing the bandage on King's shoulder, her icy words got stuck in her throat. The swelling on his face had gone down, but the bruises were still visible. Brielle looked away, silently getting out of bed. King lowered his gaze, still not daring to ask if she liked him, remembering her memories were stuck at a time she probably despised him the most. Myles knew this too well, striking right where it hurt.
This castle was familiar territory for Brielle, well-acquainted with its contents. Entering the bathroom, she noticed her items had been moved, yet she easily identified her toiletries.
After brushing her teeth in silence, she felt arms wrap around her waist.
"Little Canary, now that you're back, does that mean you're staying?" Or had she walked right back into the lion's den?
Brielle stiffened, not wanting him to catch a glimpse of her hidden feelings. Besides, there was still no explanation about the child in the mansion.
"I'm heading to Beaconsfield for my graduation project," she stated flatly.
King's lips curved into a smile, tightening his embrace.
"Mind if I tag along?"
Brielle scoffed, trying to mock him.
"My legs are mine to use; what, am I supposed to chop them off to stop you?"
King chuckled, burying his face in the nape of her neck.
"Then, I'm coming."
Perhaps knowing some of Max's
memories now, he found her
deliberate coldness somewhat adorable Had she always been like this? Why then, had he only seen disdain before? Maybe Brielle didn't despise him as much as he thought. 
After brushing her teeth, Brielle slapped his hands away with a loud "smack" and exited the bathroom. King remained inside, laughing. himself for a moment before
starting his morning routineelne
As Brielle stepped out of the bedroom, she bumped into Isaac. Isaac paused, awkwardly averting his gaze. Brielle stopped too, both looking at each other uncomfortably for a moment.
Just as Brielle opened her mouth to
greet him, Isaac nervously fiddled with Noir's ear, visibly tense at the thought of Brielle suddenly saying, "LittleCricket, I'm actually your mommy." He wasn't ready for that. 
swney
###Chapter 1248
But there they were, just sitting in silence, both as stubborn as mules, neither willing to be the first to speak. It was like they were competing to see who could hold out the longest.
Finally, the door behind Brielle creaked open, and in walked King, fresh from a shower. He raised an eyebrow, seeing the two of them still locked in a wordless standoff. "What's going on here?"
Brielle took a deep breath and marched down the stairs.
Downstairs, King's newly hired hypnotist was waiting. After the underhanded tricks from Myles and Ramey, King had decided to bring in someone he trusted.
Back when Brielle was at the Beaconsfield orphanage, she had naturally blocked out memories of a devastating fire, her mind's way of protecting her. Myles' two hypnosis sessions had caused significant damage to her mental state, not unlike the side effects Max had suffered from certain medications.
Before breaking the news to her, King wanted to consult with a hypnotist to see if Brielle could handle the truth without it causing her undue distress.
King wasn't taking any chances when it came to Brielle.
"Sir," he began respectfully, "I've reviewed Ms. Brielle's case. She instinctively blocked out memories of the fire and later suffered severe mental trauma due to Max's disappearance, leading to hallucinations and auditory illusions. Myles' forced hypnosis has pushed her to the brink of a mental collapse. We need to heal her first before gradually introducing the truth."
The hypnotist watched Brielle closely for a while, jotting down notes before pulling King aside to a quiet corner.
King, recalling Brielle's hallucinations and auditory illusions, felt a pang of guilt and didn't say a word.
At the time, he had wanted to take her away from it all, but in hindsight, he knew he had failed to act decisively.
"If Ms. Brielle hadn't experienced hallucinations or auditory illusions, she might have been able to handle some aspects of the truth. But having gone through these, her mental state is like a crumbling building. Every new piece of information she can't currently comprehend removes a brick from its foundation. If the building collapses..." he trailed off, hesitant to meet King's gaze.
The hypnotist drew a diagram on a piece of paper, pointing to the bottom part.
"She might need to be institutionalized. A hypnotist can at most conduct one deep hypnosis session on a patient. Myles did it twice, which is beyond what Ms. Brielle's psyche can bear. For now, we should let things be, try to keep her happy, and avoid upsetting her."
King's expression darkened. "Go on."
The hypnotist, worried he hadn't
made himself clear enough, drew another diagram, this time of an iceberg, showing just the tip above the waterline. 
bel.f
"Sir, the bit above the water represents the information we process during the day-what we see and hear The bulk beneath the surface is the true leader of our mental world. Where they intersect, there's a gatekeeper meant to suppress the chaos lurking beneath. Two sessions of hypnosis are akin tekilling this gatekeeper twice. After the first session, it took Ms. Brielle years to recover. Now, with the gatekeeper gone again, the recovery might take even longer, lest her suppressed subconscious wreak havoc and her mental state collapses." 
King massaged his temples, fully aware of the gravity of the situation, yet feeling trapped by the need to conceal certain truths from Brielle, fearing her resentment. 
"Sir, let things take their natural course. Whatever Ms. Brielle wishes to do, we should support her."
With no other options, King reluctantly agreed.
After the hypnotist left, King returned to the living room.
Brielle was already seated, her gaze shifting away coldly as he approached.
Isaac and Noir were lounging on a single sofa, with Noir occasionally twitching his ears.
King had the chefs serve dinner, coaxing Brielle and Isaac to join him at the table.
Despite her chilly demeanor, Brielle didn't neglect her hunger.
Isaac remained silent as well.
Finally, King took Brielle's hand. "Little Canary, there's something about this child that I need to tell you the truth about."
Brielle's expression turned icy, and she set down her spoon.
Isaac, sitting beside them, furrowed his brows, his palms sweaty with tension.
King held Brielle's hand to his lips and kissed it gently.
"Actually, Isaac isn't my son. He's adopted."
Isaac's eyes widened in shock.
###Chapter 1249
Brielle's eyes widened, her face turning a deep shade of red with anger. "Do you think I'm an idiot or something?"
At this point, she wasn't even twenty yet, still lacking the grit she would gain from her time at Dorsey International. "I wasn't lying to you. The first time I saw Isaac, I thought he looked just like me. That's why I've kept him close. Can't you see it? His face is practically a carbon copy of mine. Anyone would be confused. When I told you yesterday that he was my child, I was lying. I just wanted to see if you'd get jealous." Brielle frowned, glancing over at Isaac. Isaac, with a stoic expression, tugging on Noir's ear, said, "Yeah, my dad's gone."
King's face darkened, a bit taken aback by how smoothly those words came out. He stretched his leg under the table to nudge Isaac. What was this kid talking about?
Isaac didn't say anything, just kept eating, but inside, he let out a sigh of relief. He wasn't ready to face the truth himself. If Brielle found out, he had no idea how they would deal with each other.
"Little Canary, about our child, Myles was bought off, and the baby was stillborn. He wanted to drive a wedge between us, so he lied, saying I wanted to drown the baby. But look at me, I'm even taking in someone else's child; how could I not want my own?" After saying this, he leaned in and kissed Brielle gently on the lips. "I know the matter of the child is heartbreaking. We'll have more children in the future."
Hearing this, Isaac glanced at King. King didn't look guilty at all and kept comforting Brielle. "I'm also devastated about the child, Little Canary. I'm truly sorry. I didn't know you were in poor health."
Brielle knew her health wasn't great. Right after the baby was born, she opened her eyes just in time to see the baby being taken to the bathroom. She even heard the baby cry.
"But I heard the baby cry."
King's tone softened as he tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. "That was a recording, just to make you believe the baby had survived, only to have him drowned in front of you. That way, you'd naturally hate me, right? I'm sorry. When I found out the baby was stillborn, I was devastated, so I didn't dare to visit you in the hospital."
Mixing truth with lies made it easy to
believe, especially since Brielle wasn't as guarded back then. With just a few words, she actually
started to believe him a bit. But net
thinking of the lost child, her tears began to flow again. 
King hugged her, patting her back. "Don't cry. Once you're healthier, we'll have more children."
Brielle bit her lip, crying silently.
"Little Canary, didn't you want to go back to Beaconsfield to work on your thesis? Let's leave this afternoon, okay? Going back to Beaconsfield might lift your spirits." Brielle nodded, not saying another word. Seeing she wasn't in the best shape, King patted her back and laid her down on the nearby couch. "Rest if you're tired." Brielle gave him a look but, unwilling to engage, turned away from him. King's lips curved into a smile as he gently ruffled her hair. She was somewhat endearing.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Isaac and Noir heading upstairs and followed them. King scooped up Isaac and entered his room. "Little Cicada, daddy had no choice." Isaac remained silent, and King pinched his cheek. "Don't be mad. What I wanted to tell you is "
Before he could finish, Isaac blurted out, "Brielle, mommy."
King stared in surprise, not understanding, when Isaac had
found out. He sighed in relief, seeing no rejection from Isaac, and hugged him close. "Yes, Brielle is your mommy. There was a
vel.
misunderstanding between us. She didn't abandon you or me, we were just framed. You have to forgive her, understand?" 
Children's worlds aren't so complicated. Isaac had already forgiven Briefe in his heart, but he still didn't know how to interact with her. After all these years, it had just been him, daddy, and Noir. Suddenly having someone else around, he felt lost. So when daddy spun that ridiculous tale at the dinner table, Isaac unexpectedly felt relieved. Just give him a little more time to prepare himself. 
###Chapter 1250
"Your mom's been feeling a bit under the weather lately. The guy who came by this morning was just checking up on her. He said she can't handle too much excitement right now or anything too out of the ordinary. We need to take things slow, but soon enough, we'll be a family again. For now, though, you'll have to bear with us." Isaac looked up, his eyes meeting the man's who spoke of inconvenience yet had an eager gleam in his eyes. A smirk tugged at Isaac's lips.
The kid's all grown up, and now he's off to woo Brielle. Must think he's hit the jackpot.
Yeah, right.
Isaac was fuming.
King didn't catch on to his irritation; otherwise, he'd have been all over him, trying to cheer him up.
"Thinking about joining us for a trip to Beaconsfield, kiddo?"
Isaac turned away, "Nope."
"Alright then, it'll just be your mom and me."
Isaac didn't say a word.
If King said he could do it, he meant it.
Taking a deep breath, Isaac went back to fussing over Noir's ears.
That afternoon, King was set to take Brielle back to Beaconsfield. Seeing him without the young boy by his side made Brielle frown slightly. "Aren't you bringing the kid?"
"He doesn't wanna go."
Brielle was skeptical. If the kid was indeed his, and still so young, how could he bear to be away from his dad?
She went upstairs herself and saw Isaac playing with Noir, though he seemed a bit down.
Her heart tightened, "Hey, little cricket, right? Your dad and I are heading to Beaconsfield. Wanna come with? It's a lot of fun over there." Isaac remained silent, continuing to tug at Noir's ears.
Feeling a pang of discomfort, Brielle quickly moved closer, attempting to lift him, but Isaac dodged her.
"Come with us. It'll be boring staying home all by yourself. I'll ask your dad to arrange a private jet, so your little buddy can come along too." Hearing this, Isaac finally looked up, a warmth spreading through him.
"Okay."
Brielle smiled, taking his hand, "Let's head downstairs then."
Isaac looked at the hand holding his, feeling a bit uneasy but didn't pull away.
Downstairs, King was surprised.
"The little cricket's willing to go now?"
Isaac let out a cold snort, making King wonder if he'd heard him right. When did his son learn to snort like that?
Realizing King was hesitant to bring the child along, Brielle's expression cooled. How could such a man be a good dad?
Seeing both their faces turn sour, King felt guilty and scrambled for an excuse.
"I asked him. He didn't want to go, and besides, the castle has company for him. He won't be alone."
"Hmph."
That came from Isaac, his face mirroring King's so closely that King couldn't help but think of Max.
He was puzzled; Isaac had only met Max once, hadn't he? And yet here he was, mimicking Max's icy demeanor. Under Brielle's stern gaze, King didn't dare reprimand the child and hurried off to arrange the private jet instead.
When it was time to leave, he met with Orla.
Since he'd asked Orla to research that medication and a month hadn't passed yet, Orla hadn't made any breakthroughs. "Auntie, just give me a call if you find something. I'll have someone come pick it up."
"Alright, alright, alright."
Orla repeated 'alright' three times,
clearly fond of King and re
You
leave, she asked,
be back?" 
will
King glanced at Brielle, who was squatting in the sunlight, asking Isaac about how he kept Noir's fur so shiny.
Isaac, always comfortable discussing Noir, engaged easily.
Watching the interaction, King's lips curved into a smile.
"Soon, I reckon. Her recovery shouldn't take long. Once she's better, we'll have the wedding here, and then I'll take her to Saudi. Auntie, you'll come with us, won't you?" 
"Wherever you go, I'll go."
Without Ora, since she had to stay.
in North America for her
the to jet to
boarded their private
sweet
Beaconsfield. 
###Chapter 1251
Before hopping on the plane, King made sure to call everyone and fill them in on how Brielle was doing.
After they landed, the trio headed straight to King's newly bought estate. It was huge, perfect for Noir to run around and cause a ruckus. Things were different here compared to abroad. If Noir wandered off, he might get shot in no time. As Brielle stepped into the grand foyer, she couldn't help but admire the place, but she still asked, "Why aren't we staying at Premier Palace?"
King stiffened, momentarily forgetting about Premier Palace. Why did Brielle remember it, anyway? He stared at her, puzzled, but she averted her gaze, her lips pressing into a thin line.
"Premier Palace is your place. The whole Dorsey family knows about it. Spencer mentioned it. You don't want me there, do you? Afraid the Dorsey family will find out."
King was caught off guard by her insight. Was she always this perceptive? Why hadn't he noticed before? He recalled what Max had told him: Brielle felt insecure. Even a slight shift in his attention could unsettle her. She wasn't the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, or the head of some unicorn startup, or the woman who could later stand toe-to-toe with Max. She was just Brielle, not yet twenty, fragile like she could break with a gentle touch.
"Premier Palace is under renovation, won't be done anytime soon."
Brielle sighed in relief, a small smile playing on her lips, but her expression quickly turned serious again. "What if the Dorsey family finds out?"
Her voice wavered, and her palms were sweaty. She was just a fringe figure in the Dorsey family, never having set foot in their ancestral home. Despite being Spencer's fiancée, she hadn't attended a single family gathering. Yet, she had snagged the family's most sought- after man, the one who had turned heads at Beaconsfield College, and kept him close. The Dorsey family would likely go all out to take her down. Michael would surely think she seduced Max and ruined him. If they forced them apart, would Max still look at her with those intense eyes?
Brielle felt a wave of uncertainty and anxiety. Without waiting for King's answer, she stood up and said, "Maybe I should just go back to the Haywood family."
He'd let go sooner or later, anyway.
King, still mulling over which color to change the sofa to, looked up just as Brielle reached the door. He rushed after her, scooping her up and kissing her deeply. FindNovel
Pinned against the foyer wall, Brielle's initial resistance melted away. After a moment, King hugged her and said, "What are you always worrying about? Look, we need to decide on a new color for the sofa. The current one doesn't match.
Light colors get dirty match.
and Noir
will cover it in fur." 
Brielle glanced at Noir watching them silently, feeling a bit embarrassed as she pushed King away. "Whatever color is fine."
King leaned in for another kiss and suggested, "I'll get a leather one and bring in some more staff."
Brielle turned her head away. "Whatever."
As she headed for the stairs, she couldn't help but ask, "What if the Haywood family..."
Before she could finish, King hoisted her over his shoulder. "The Haywood family made a mistake back then; you're not their daughter. You've got nothing to do with them anymore. They don't care about you. As for biological parents, I'm on it. Already got some leads." 
You
Brielle froze, not daring to move. Once on the bed, she asked, "I'm not the Haywood family's daughter?"
"Correct. Don't you trust my investigative skills?"
Whether it was her imagination or not, Brielle couldn't shake the feeling that his face was screaming one thing-bluffing.
###Chapter 1252
But for a moment, she didn't notice anything off. By the time she did, it was too late his arms were already wrapped tightly around her waist. She tried to wiggle free, but it was pointless.
King's cheeks flushed as he looked deeply into her eyes.
Brielle frowned, trying to look away, but he gently held her chin, making her face him.
"Brielle, did you ask Myles to hypnotize you because you couldn't handle the idea of me harming our child?"
His movements were slow, more about closing the distance between them than anything else.
"Coming back on your own, do you miss me, or are you here to see me suffer?"
His forehead rested against hers, his gaze intense.
The intensity of his stare cut through her, soothing her unease. Knowing that his gaze was still focused on her, not wandering to another woman, was a comfort. She sighed in relief but kept her cool exterior.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"Playing tough," King chuckled, pulling her closer.
"You don't really hate me, do you?" His voice was soft, but his hands trembled slightly.
Brielle stayed silent, making King tighten his grip in frustration.
It wasn't until the next day that they came downstairs.
Isaac had already finished a bowl of instant noodles and glanced at them briefly.
Brielle felt a wave of embarrassment and quickly moved the bowl away.
"King, weren't you supposed to call the staff?"
King had been too preoccupied the day before to remember, but seeing his son eating instant noodles jolted his memory, and he quickly made several calls. Within half an hour, the household staff were bustling around, preparing breakfast.
Brielle ruffled Isaac's hair. "You can't eat junk food like this anymore."
Isaac said nothing, thinking if he hadn't eaten it, he would have starved last night.
After lunch, Brielle said she needed to go upstairs to prepare some things for her graduation.
King had set up a computer for her, but as soon as she turned it on, she saw entertainment news with Aubree's face splashed across the screen.
At first, she thought she was seeing things, but after rubbing her eyes, she confirmed it was indeed Aubree.
When did Aubree become a top star?
She quickly accepted it and immediately called Aubree.
Aubree had already been informed by King about Brielle's situation, but what shocked her more was Max's dual personality.
Aubree had been in a daze since King's call, her mind foggy.
Her agent noticed her staring blankly, holding an empty spoon for what seemed like forever.
"Aubree?"
Aubree snapped back to reality and eagerly asked, "You're in Beaconsfield already? Come see me, it's been so long!"
Brielle missed her too and was about to head to Stellar Stage Entertainment, where Aubree was signed.
But before she could leave, King firmly blocked her.
"Let Aubree come here. She's a big star now; her appearance would cause a traffic jam, and besides, I don't feel comfortable with you going out."
Brielle secretly smiled, not daring to admit how much she enjoyed his possessive nature, as if he wished to keep her by his side forever, which gave her a sense of security 
This wasn't normal, she thought. Would he despise her if he knew her true feelings?
She cooled her expression, "Can't you mind your own business?"
King softened his tone, drawing her into his embrace.
"You're still sick, remember? You should stick to online classes for now, and your graduation project too-don't step away from me!"
This reminded her of when she was
an exchange student in North America, and he had said the same thing, which is why most of her classes were online. 
Back then, she was anxious, often sneaking off to school, hiding from peers' questions, worried they might think she was being kept, and also fearing police attention. 
The first time she called the police, she genuinely felt violated.
But afterwards, she never thought about calling them again.
Her hesitation made it clear to her-she was becoming abnormal.
She craved that kind of gaze, longing for someone to love her intensely, rather than feeling like an outsider in every family she joined.
###Chapter 1253
She had gone through countless resources, trying to make sense of her feelings. This wasn't Stockholm Syndrome. No, it was simply coming face-to-face with the most vulnerable part of herself-a part she couldn't let anyone else see. Her true self was a secret she guarded fiercely.
She always told him to let go, but the idea of him actually doing it hurt more than anything. Now, under his intense gaze, that deep sense of security washed over her again.
King just watched her, mentally counting down the seconds until he expected the slap he had grown so used to. But it didn't come. Instead, she glared at him coldly before calling Aubree, asking her to come over.
King was confused. During his time in North America, he'd endured enough of her slaps. Now that she wasn't hitting him, he felt oddly... disappointed.
Thinking back, Brielle's slaps had always been rare, usually just sharp words followed by her icy stare. But now, even that cold look didn't sting like it used to.
He couldn't figure out what had changed.
He was certain his love for Brielle hadn't faded. The only explanation was that Max had somehow broadened his view, helping him see beyond Brielle's frosty glares, not as signs of contempt, but something more. As King watched her talk to Aubree on the phone, a smile crept onto his face. He walked over and gently kissed her.
Aubree heard the kiss and cried out, "What was that noise? Max?"
She was shocked. Max didn't seem like the type to do something like that.
Could it be another personality?
Aubree was dying to rush to the mansion and find out, but she was stuck filming for another two hours.
After promising to visit Brielle soon, Aubree hung up, her mind racing.
She recalled a lecture about multiple personalities, including a case with over a hundred identities, which severely impacted the person's life The simplest cases had two identities taking turns, each unaware of the other. More complex cases involved a primary identity unaware of an alternate, which might feel resentment and occasionally make its presence known to the primary. 
Aubree remembered a particularly strange case where the primary identity wasn't even human. Love, they say knows no gender, race,
reet
even species, and neither doe personality disorder. There was once a man who alternated between being himself and a fluffy overweight dog. 
Now, Aubree's curiosity about Max's
anality was so i
it
her from her acting.
John noticed and asked, "First time something's thrown you off like this. What's going on?"
She apologized and explained she needed to see Brielle.
John, understanding, gave her the day off.
Aubree quickly apologized to the crew, explained her urgent departure, and left the set.
But as she stepped outside, she saw Andrew waiting quietly.
###Chapter 1254
Andrew, in his signature trench coat and with a cigarette perched between his fingers, looked like his usual self.
For the first time, Aubree noticed he had lost a lot of weight. She had told him before to stop picking her up, but he never listened. Aubree couldn't understand why he kept doing it. She marched towards him, ready to say something, but ended up pressing her lips together. Andrew followed her silently. As she got into the car, he asked, "Weren't you supposed to be on set until six?"
Aubree had just opened the car door when she felt arms wrap around her waist, pulling her into a hug. "Stop it, will you listen to me for once?"
Andrew's face was buried in her shoulder as he held her tightly. Worried about paparazzi lurking around, Aubree quickly pushed him away. Andrew let go almost immediately, as if expecting her reaction. "Aubree, coming home for dinner tonight?"
Andrew had bought a house right across from hers. Every evening, he'd come home early, make dinner, and wait for her-just like she had waited for him countless times in the past. But back then, Andrew, always with Tessa Rowland, never came home. Aubree would wait until the food got cold, reheat it, and repeat the cycle.
Now, Andrew was the one waiting, but it didn't make Aubree feel any better. She didn't want things to be like this between them. She didn't answer, and Andrew just held the car door.
"It's okay, I'll wait for you."
After Aubree drove off, she looked at him through the rearview mirror, still standing there, and her heart tightened. She didn't know how long they could keep this up; she was exhausted. They couldn't be together, but they also couldn't just be friendly neighbors. With Andrew's house right across from hers, the lights on every evening seemed to be waiting for her.
Aubree's mind wandered, almost causing her to rear-end the car in front of her before she hastily accelerated. Once she settled her thoughts, she arrived at the estate and rang the doorbell. Instead of Brielle, a massive black panther greeted her.
Aubree almost swore out loud, her mind flashing back to that peculiar case. The core personality wasn't human but a pet. She marveled at the thought of Max turning into a panther!
As Brielle approached and saw Aubree staring blankly at Noir, she called out, "Aubree?"
Aubree snapped back to reality and sighed. "Bri, I'm so sorry, I never imagined Max could turn into this." Probably to avoid hurting Brielle's feelings, she added, "But you know, when he was human, he was devastatingly handsome. As an animal, he's still strikingly majestic."
Brielle, always aware of Aubree's wild imaginings, watched as Aubree squatted down to eye level with the imposing panther and sighed again. "He really is handsome. Some folks are just blessed by the gods, standing out no matter what form they take." Brielle's lips curled into a smile, finding Aubree's thoughts a bit too fantastical. Aubree patted Noir's head, saying earnestly, "Mr. Dorsey, long time no see."
Just then, she noticed the man
standing behind Brielle. Her attention had been solely on the panther, completely missing the presence of another person behind Brielle. Aubree froze, looking from Max's face to the black panther at her feet, and awkwardly withdrew her hand. So, he hadn't turned into an animal after all. Of course, it was just his personality that took on an animal's guise, not an actual metamorphosis. The shock of
seeing the panther had thrown her
off. 
King watched this woman and sneered derisively. Aubree, feeling a bit embarrassed, quickly changed the subject. "Bri, glad you're okay. Mr. Dorsey, same to you." Her gaze shifted to Max. King pulled Brielle close and warned, "Don't get too close to such people. Stupidity is contagious."
Realizing this wasn't Max's
personality speaking, Aubree understood the disdain. Yet, his affection for Brielle seemed
consistent. Even as an outsider net
Aubree could see King's fondness for Brielle, a sentiment surely even more palpable to Brielle herself, thus her sense of security around him. 
Brielle, not accustomed to public displays of affection in front of friends, shrugged off King's hold, turning his pale hand red with her pats. King eventually let go, but not before stealing a kiss on her cheek.
Aubree sat down, contemplating the
stark difference between this
personality and Max's. Yet, upon reflection, she didn't feel any relief The emergence of a dual personality only happened when the core personality had vulnerabilities, allowing another to take over. It seemed that even someone as seemingly perfect as Max had weaknesses he wished to discard. 
###Chapter 1255
Brielle felt a twinge of awkwardness when Aubree caught her in that moment, but she couldn't hold back the question that had been burning in her mind. "Aubree, how did you end up becoming a movie star?"
Aubree instinctively glanced at King before delivering the line she had prepared long ago, summing it all up with, "Right place, right time." Knowing Brielle, she wouldn't dig any deeper.
Their conversation flowed until Isaac made his way downstairs.
Aubree froze, her eyes narrowing, then looked at King in shock.
The kid was the spitting image of Max. Clearly, Max's offspring, but with whom? And he's already this grown?
Aubree's mind was a whirlwind, but then she heard Brielle say, "He's adopted. Uncanny resemblance, right?"
Aubree's heart skipped a beat at the absurdity, but considering where Brielle's memories currently halted, Aubree remained silent.
Their friendship had sparked at a party where they both felt invisible and equally lonely.
So, it wasn't King's deception skills but Brielle's willingness to believe.
Meaning, the Brielle of this age had feelings for this man.
Aubree hadn't seen such an unguarded Brielle in ages. It was as if they'd both traveled back in time before life got complicated. How wonderful that would be.
Brielle invited Aubree to stay for dinner, and since Aubree had the day off, she agreed.
Yet, thoughts of Andrew crept in. By now, he'd probably be home cooking dinner.
Feeling restless but patient, Aubree stayed, enjoying a hearty meal with Brielle.
During dinner, King carefully offered Brielle a piece of steak, urging her to eat more.
Brielle didn't touch it at first, silently pushing it aside.
A flicker of disappointment crossed King's face before he picked up another piece with the serving utensils and offered it again. This time, Brielle accepted it.
Aubree, sitting opposite them, noted every careful interaction between the two.
Her brow furrowed. It was clear as
day they had feelings for each othet Whey playing some kind of wontent
modern romance game?
Aubree's gaze then shifted to Isaac, who behaved impeccably throughout, resembling Max in every way.
Who in the world did Max have this child with?
Was it the doing of a split personality?
Too many questions swirled in Aubree's mind, unanswered.
So, when she finally left, she felt engulfed in a fog of confusion.
Arriving home, she noticed the lights on in the villa across the street. She frowned, wanting to ignore it, but knowing he was always watching, aware of her every move. 
Sure enough, the next second, the neighbor's door swung open.
Andrew stood there, apron still on, not having had the chance to
change, worried she'd lock heel nét
and ignore his calls. 
"Did you have dinner?"
Aubree felt a tug at her heart, detesting the vulnerability of facing her past self. "I did."
"Hmm."
Andrew stood at the door, offering a single, heavy word before just staring at her. Even as Aubree closed her door, she could feel his gaze piercing through it. Leaning against the door, she sighed. This had become a daily torture. Sometimes, after shooting till 3 AM, she'd find him waiting at the door.
He'd either show up on set or wait at home.
But rather than feeling touched, Aubree felt tormented.
in
###Chapter 1256
Aubree had come to realize that holding onto hatred for someone was just as consuming and challenging as loving them. That's why she never let herself hate Andrew. She just felt there was no point in getting tangled up with him anymore.
Yet, here was Andrew, almost glued to her side, keeping a watchful eye on her, just like she used to do for him. The difference was, her actions had been driven by deep love. Andrew's behavior now seemed more rooted in guilt. But for that matter, she didn't need
anyone's guilt. Those who deserved their comeuppance had already received it.
Taking a deep breath, Aubree decided to take a relaxing bath. Wrapped in a towel, she sat on the couch, studying her lines for tomorrow. Acting had become her way of experiencing different lives, and now, it gave her life meaning. Plus, she had a massive fan base. A single tweet from her could easily get over a hundred thousand comments. She felt the love of so many.
She once saw her lonely reflection in Brielle, but things had changed. Both she and Brielle were now surrounded by an intense love. It was a wonderful feeling.
After memorizing her lines, she rubbed her temples, ready to drift off to sleep. But then the lights flickered and the room plunged into darkness. It wasn't just her home; the whole neighborhood seemed to be cloaked in shadow. A power outage in the city center? That was almost unheard of.
She reached for her phone on the coffee table, only to find it had mysteriously powered off. Panic set in swiftly, sweat beading on her forehead as if she was surrounded by unseen voices. Aubree's breathing became labored. She tried to head to her bedroom but tripped over something, spilling coffee all over herself in the process.
Fear of the dark and the thought of someone else in her bed sliced through her like a knife. Lying on the floor, immobilized as if bound, tears streamed down her face. Her foot ached, her body shivered from cold despite the mild air temperature. A chill seemed to race from her feet to her head, leaving her trembling.
She grabbed a blanket from the couch, curling up on the floor, clutching her ears tightly. The voices of fear seemed to penetrate every defense, tormenting her heart. Then she heard her name. "Aubree?!"
Unsure of who it could be, she didn't dare look up, eyes firmly shut. Andrew stood outside, calling her name, candle in hand. It was still early; she should have been in the living room. "Aubree?!"
Receiving no response, he kicked the door open to find silence within. He rushed in, immediately spotting the huddled figure beside the couch. His heart clenched in pain, frozen in place before swiftly moving to help her up. 
"Aubree, what's wrong? Are you in pain? Stomachache?!"
Aubree remained silent, her whole body shaking. Andrew, placing the candle on the coffee table to stabilize it, then wrapped his arms around her.
"Where does it hurt? I'll take you to the hospital!"
His voice trembled with anxiety, his hand first checking her forehead for fever, then moving to her stomach.
"Is it your stomach?"
The candle's glow, though she had
her eyes closed, felt like salvation But seeing the face before her made her recoil. Andrew, sweating
concern, held her close. Coith
"I'll take you to the hospital for a check-up."
Aubree's lips trembled but couldn't form words. She felt weak, her head buzzing. As Andrew carried her toward the door, the darkness outside seemed ready to swallow them whole. Aubree clutched his shirt, her face ashen. 
Her plea went unheard in Andrew's concern, and he continued outside. Aubree suddenly found the strength to struggle, her voice hoarse with desperation. "Let me go back! Let me go back!"
"Let me go back."
###Chapter 1257
Andrew froze, unable to believe his eyes as he looked down at her. Panic filled her gaze, and she darted her eyes around, as if something terrifying lurked in the shadows.
She even covered her mouth with her hand, a telltale sign of someone who was on the brink of losing it. But she didn't throw up; she just stood there, hand over her mouth, looking utterly helpless. Andrew felt like his heart had been stabbed a thousand times. He quickly scooped her up and carried her back to the couch, gently setting her down as if she were made of glass. Aubree sat there, the light offering her some comfort, her frantic cries fading. But she couldn't stop herself from scanning the darkness, as if monsters might leap out at any moment. Andrew thought he understood why she was acting this way, and it tore him apart. He didn't know what to do except hold her tightly, his lips sealed shut, afraid that if he spoke, he'd start sobbing. Held in his suffocating embrace, Aubree's eyelashes fluttered. She wanted to push him away, but she had no strength left, just a hollow stare fixed on the distant shadows. Surprisingly, his embrace felt warm in that moment. She knew she must be really sick. But God, please forgive her, for if she pushed him away now, she feared she'd be swallowed by her emotions.
She took a deep breath, her body going limp as she let him hold her. To avoid seeing the darkness in the room, she buried her head in his shoulder.
Andrew felt her move and stiffened, then relaxed, gently patting her back. "It's okay, I'm here."
Aubree hadn't always been afraid of the dark. She used to be bold and brash, cursing loudly when angry, but she melted in Andrew's presence.
Growing up in the Clements household, she never lacked for food or clothes, but she was mostly overlooked. Once, during a party at the Clements' house, she fell asleep in the wine cellar, which was pitch black, and ended up crying hysterically, all alone. None of the Clements noticed she was missing. She cried until her voice was hoarse, unaware of the time, curled up in a corner, convinced the cellar was full of monsters.
Andrew was the only one who
noticed she wasn't at the party. It wasn't until the event was nearly over and the Clements were about to leave that he realized no one had noticed Aubree's disappearance. 
Kidnappings had happened in wealthy families before, children taken for ransom. If the demand wasn't met, the worst could happen.
Though still a minor, Andrew alerted the rest of the Clements to Aubree's disappearance. Only then did they start searching in earnest.
Unfortunately, the cellar had no surveillance and was seldom visited, except during events to fetch supplies. The Clements reported her missing, but it took a whole day before anyone found her.
Andrew returned to the venue, driven by a gut feeling that Aubree was still there. Using his phone's light, he scoured every inch until he found the locked cellar door.
Unlocking it and entering, he hadn't even called her name before she flung herself at him, bursting into tears and collapsing into his arms. "It's okay, I'm here."
He had felt awkward saying it, having always referred to himself in the third person around her. It was the first time he'd called himself her brother.
Hearing those words, Aubree cried even harder, eventually sobbing herself to sleep in his arms. Andrew picked up his phone and carried her out.
The host immediately apologized,
and Aubree ended up in the hospital, receiving fluids for three days. Yet, that incident didn't seem to leave any lasting trauma, nor did she develop claustrophobia. 
But now, her fear of the dark had intensified more than ever before. Andrew found himself at a loss for words.
Maybe in Aubree's heart, she felt
In
even more helpless than when she was locked in the cellar. Back then, Andrew, Kad come to rescue her from that despair. But when she needed him most, he was absent, standing by Tessa's side instead. 
He hadn't become her beacon of light, which is why she now feared the darkness.
###Chapter 1258
The room was as quiet as a whisper in the dead of night. Andrew held her close, gently patting her back without saying a word. Tears silently streamed down his face, landing softly on Aubree's back. Deep in sleep, she didn't notice his silent sorrow.
When the morning sun nudged Aubree awake, she found herself tucked snugly in bed. She noticed a yellowish mark on her foot where she'd scraped it, a sign someone had treated it with antiseptic. Memories of the previous night's chaos came rushing back, and she
couldn't help but feel a twinge of regret as she massaged her temples. She had been so panicked, so out of sorts.
After getting out of bed and freshening up, Aubree headed to the living room. The mess from the night before was tidied up, and a beautiful bouquet now adorned the coffee table. On the dining table was a still-warm breakfast, suggesting Andrew hadn't left long ago. Aubree marveled at Andrew's newfound culinary skills. It wasn't long ago that he couldn't even operate a washing machine. Back when they were together, he was the epitome of a spoiled rich kid, leaving his clothes strewn about, expecting her to pick up after him. If he came home to no dinner, he'd throw a fit. And washing dishes? That was a surefire way to end up with broken plates. Household chores were a mystery to him.
Aubree often joked that it was a good thing he was born with a silver spoon because he wouldn't survive in a regular household. Now, seeing the perfectly toasted bread and eggs, she was momentarily taken aback.
Before, his attempts at cooking were disastrous. Eggshells in the mix, and the eggs themselves charred and inedible. But the breakfast before her now was a revelation. The eggs were golden and inviting, the toast perfectly done. She knew he had been dabbling in cooking lately, but his rapid progress was astonishing.
Sitting down, Aubree savored the meal, only then noticing a few droplets of water on the table. She touched her cheeks and realized she had been crying. But why? She couldn't quite understand.
After finishing breakfast, Aubree
picked up her phone from the coffee
table. It was fully charged and powered on, with a message from John asking when she'd arrive. She quickly replied, grabbed her bag, and headed to the set. 
John sighed in relief when he saw her. "I tried calling you last night, but Mr. Clements said you'd be late. I thought maybe you and Mr. Haywood had a little too much fun at dinner," he joked. Aubree, flashing a bright smile with no trace of last night's distress, replied, "Bri's under tight watch; no chance for drinks. I'm ready to get into makeup. Today's a one-take day!"
John smiled, satisfied, and patted
her shoulder. "Your phone was off last night when I tried to reach you added a scene unexpectedly; it. needs your cooperation. Take a good look at the new script."O 
Aubree felt confident until she saw the scene involved an attempted assault on her character, causing her face to pale instantly.
John, misinterpreting her reaction,
quickly explained, "It's not about
l.ne
using sexual violence as a gimmick. Your character is the type that could unintentionally provoke unsavory thoughts in men. Now, having offended someone petty, and given this individual's disdainful attitude towards his wife, it's plausible he'd demean women in such a way. But it's precisely this action that reveals his true nature to you, enabling you to appeal to his wife for help." 
John was a sincere director, and this plot twist was his brainchild, conceived in the wee hours to add depth to the narrative.
"Aubree?" he called out, noticing her grip on the script tighten, her knuckles whitening as though she might tear it apart at any moment.
###Chapter 1259
John thought she might have been uncomfortable with the scene, so he gently offered an out. "Hey, if this scene is making you uneasy, I can cut it. Let's just stick to the original plan, okay?"
Aubree took a deep breath, her eyelashes fluttering before she finally spoke in a raspy voice, "Let's do it, director. I'm fine, really. I just got too caught up in the moment, felt the lead's emotions crash over me like a wave."
John gave her an appreciative smile. "You and Ricardo, you're both so talented, born to be in this industry. But getting too absorbed can be a double-edged sword. Remember to find your balance." "I will."
Clutching the script, Aubree nearly stumbled as she entered her dressing room.
Luckily, her agent caught her in time.
Seeing her face drained of color, the agent was startled. "Aubree, what's wrong? Are you feeling alright?"
Shaking her head, Aubree found herself at a loss for words.
She sat down in a daze as her agent picked up the script, nodding in approval at the new scene. "I heard John stayed up last night working on this. Really adds depth to the storyline."
Indeed, Aubree agreed. She trusted John's integrity; he didn't know about her past and hadn't intentionally chosen this scene to upset her. It was her own demons she was battling. Her fingertips trembled, and her body shook as she got her makeup done.
When today's shoot began, Aubree nailed every scene, but as they approached the new addition, a palpable tension filled the air.
Lying in the dark alley, Aubree's pupils dilated when she saw a pair of hands reach toward her.
John, watching through the camera, was about to praise her reaction when Aubree suddenly screamed.
"Get off! Help!"
That wasn't the line.
The character, known for her
resilience and wit, would realize she's been trapped and cleverly counter her assailant, not freeze in hysteria, which would only
embolden the attacker. 
John furrowed his brows, wondering if this was Aubree's improvisation, and hesitated to call cut.
The extra, Sensing Aubree's distress, wanted to stop but, with no word from John and the crew's anxious eyes on them, felt sweat bead on his forehead. 
He made a split-second decision to grab Aubree's neck and lean in as though to kiss her, a move the script said Aubree would fight off. But as he moved in, he realized Aubree wasn't resisting. 
Her eyes were empty, fixed on the sky above.
Knowing better than to take advantage, especially with Aubree being the star she is, he quickly pulled back when he felt her lack of resistance. That's when John called, "Cut!"
He looked at the still-acting duo. "What happened? Aubree, did you forget your lines?"
Aubree couldn't speak, her body limp.
The extra hastily got off her, helping her to stand. "Director, Aubree seems really unwell."
Just then, a man burst onto the set - Andrew.
###Chapter 1260
Just half an hour ago, Aubree's agent had sent over her new script, and Andrew had immediately interrupted his meeting, floored the gas pedal, and blown through countless red lights to get to her.
Now, seeing Aubree in pieces, her eyes hollow, he felt a sharp pain in his chest, like needles pricking at his heart. He rushed over, taking Aubree from the hands of a background actor and politely said to John, "She was under the weather last night, and she's not in the best shape for acting today. Let's give her another day to rest." John, who had always held Aubree in high regard, nodded immediately upon seeing her condition. "Of course, go get some rest. She's never late, and when she arrived late this morning claiming she was fine, I actually believed her." "John, can we cut that scene?" Andrew asked.
John looked at Aubree, knowing if she didn't want to do it, he would certainly cut it.
Aubree, nestled in Andrew's arms, her exposed fingertips trembling incessantly, seemed to not hear their conversation at all, just numbly staring into space. Andrew tightened his hug, intending to leave with her, but then she said, "Put me down."
Andrew stiffened, not daring to go against her wishes, and carefully placed her on a nearby chair. John quickly asked, "Aubree, if you don't like that scene, don't force yourself. Shall I cut it?"
Aubree took the water her agent handed her, gulped it down fiercely, then lifted her resolute gaze. "Director, I'm fine. I'll try to control my emotions. I'm sorry, I just got too deep into the character. Thinking about facing that situation for real, I probably couldn't resist like the protagonist."
"Aubree!!" Andrew's voice raised in exasperation, drawing looks from everyone around. He took a deep breath, knelt down on one knee, and took her hand. "We're not doing this scene. It's unnecessary."
But Aubree only looked at John. "John, I'm okay, let's continue."
"Aubree!" Andrew was fuming, his face turning red with anger. Aubree walked towards the alley again. Andrew, shaking with anger, stood up to follow her but Aubree shook off his hand.
Andrew stood still, his lips tightly pressed, silent The agent looked from one to the other, knowing he couldn't offend either, and tried to soothe the situation. "Mr. Clements, Aubree's fine. From her first movie till now, she's always been very professional, and she interprets each role excellently. It's probably as she said, she got too immersed,
which led to what just happened."
But only Andrew knew why Aubree was acting this way. It wasn't just getting too into character; that scene was her own experience. And she hadn't been as fortunate as the movie's protagonist.
Andrew's eyes instantly reddened. He couldn't bring himself to look towards the depths of the alley, couldn't bear to see how Aubree would act out that scene. It was as if his feet were rooted to the spot, hearing the director shout, "Action!"
Andrew, as if jolted awake, turned
around and walked away from the set. His fingers trembled as he tried to light a cigarette, failing multiple times due to his shaking, barely
managing to light it after severa/net
attempts. He smoked one cigarette after another, not really smoking but trying to numb himself with nicotine, to avoid caring about what was happening on set, to block out any sound. Yet, those sounds inevitably reached him, overwhelming him. 
"Aubree's acting is truly remarkable, this scene is so moving."
"This movie is definitely going to win awards."
"I can't watch anymore, Aubree's expressions are just too heartbreaking."
Hearing these, Andrew wanted to burn down the set in a fit of rage. The agent, holding a bottle of water, intended to calm Andrew down. She knew better than anyone that Mr. Clements was pursuing Aubree.
"Mr. Clements, you really don't..."
Before she could finish advising him
feet,
not to worry, she was stunned by the scene before her. More than twenty cigarette butts lay at Andrew's his eyes red, cheeks wet with tears. The brokenness of this moment was so intense it made her heart ache. 
The words died in her throat as if choked back, and for a moment, she didn't know what to say, her heart aching at the sight. Andrew seemed not to hear her, just silently smoking, his gaze fixed on nowhere in particular, tears continuing to flow. She had never realized that a man's tears could strike so directly at the heart, revealing such profound vulnerability.
###Chapter 1261
She didn't know all the details of their past, but in that moment, she found herself wishing they could just let go of their grudges and be together. No more pain, no more torment.
Aubree's agent, who had been with her through thick and thin, knew her better than anyone. He could tell that Aubree had no interest in stirring up any drama with Mr. Clements. She was here to act, to win awards, and nothing more. Her fans' adoration was her greatest joy. She spent hours on Twitter, soaking in their love and support.
The millions of fans' affection gave her the confidence to face the media head-on.
Yet, when it came to Mr. Clements, she always clammed up.
Mr. Clements, on the other hand, was silent, but also full of longing.
The agent had discreetly stepped back, not wanting to disturb Andrew.
Half an hour later, the scene wrapped up.
Aubree, pale as a sheet, was guided back to her dressing room.
Her agent came in with a bottle of water, ready to mention Mr. Clements, but seeing Aubree's state, he couldn't bring himself to say anything.
Aubree grabbed a makeup wipe, her hands trembling as she started to clean her lips, though it wasn't time to remove her makeup yet.
"Aubree, the next scene is about to start. You can't take off your makeup now."
Aubree froze, her movements stopping.
But she desperately wanted a shower, to wash away the day, feeling dirty and unclean.
"Aubree?"
Her agent handed her the water, but in the next second, she was reaching for the trash can, vomiting into it.
Her agent was startled, frantically patting her back.
"Aubree, is your stomach upset? Or is something else wrong? I'll talk to the director, we can move the next scene to tomorrow."
Aubree wanted to say no, but before she could speak, she was vomiting again.
Her agent hurriedly went to find John, to get Aubree some time off.
John came in, concerned, but Aubree insisted it was just the intensity of her role.
John had no choice but to remind her not to get too absorbed in her roles, to avoid getting hurt.
After throwing up several times, Aubree barely managed to pull herself together.
She rinsed her mouth with the water her agent gave her, feeling a bit better.
But she was still weak, as limp as a noodle.
As her agent helped her out, they saw Andrew still waiting outside.
Seeing Aubree come out, he quickly stubbed out his cigarette, rubbed his face, and walked over.
l.ne
"Mr. Clements, Aubree has finished that extra scene, but she's not feeling well. The director gave her
the day off, she'll be back tomorrow." 
Andrew took her into his care, telling the agent, "I'll take her home."
The agent couldn't refuse, just nodded.
Aubree was too weak to talk, longing only for rest.
She felt herself being helped into the car, someone wiping her forehead with a wet cloth.
The cloth was changed several not just for her forehead,
the sweat on her necke 19t
d clean. Content belon
Then her hand was taken, a clean cloth carefully wiping each of her fingertips.
This kind of meticulous care was something Aubree had never experienced before.
She Andrew's ha
Sacked open her eyes, seeing immediately welled up
handsome profile, his serious expression, and her eyes
"Andrew, how did we end up here?"
Her voice wasn't crying, just a kind of despair, as if her heart had turned to ashes.
Andrew's hand paused, his eyes also reddening, but he offered no answer.
Yes, how did they end up here?
###Chapter 1262
The train car fell into an eerie silence after Aubree spoke, as if even the bustling traffic outside had paused to listen. She felt herself enveloped in a careful embrace, treated as delicately as a fragile treasure. "I'm sorry." It wasn't his first apology.
Aubree merely blinked, too exhausted to respond. All she wanted was to sleep.
Back at the mansion, Brielle was buried in her thesis, glued to her laptop day and night. King worried she'd realize something was off-like the fact she had already graduated and couldn't remember her original thesis topic. Yet, to his surprise, Brielle remembered everything.
She sat on the newly replaced couch in the living room, her fingers flying over the keyboard, emitting a clear 'do not disturb' vibe. King, having nothing to do with her busy hands, simply watched her, finding immense satisfaction in just being in her presence. Brielle sensed his gaze, a fleeting smile tugging at her lips, though her expression remained cool. "Don't you have something better to do? Aren't there Dorsey International files that need your attention?"
King, ever so oblivious, missed the hidden smile and felt his spirits drop. "Dorsey International is bankrupt."
Brielle's fingers froze mid-type, her eyes wide with disbelief. "What did you say?"
His tone was unexpectedly calm. "Dorsey International has gone under. I'm not its CEO anymore."
Brielle felt as if struck by lightning, wondering if he was joking. A quick search revealed that Dorsey International had indeed been acquired by a company named Dream Tech Designs. Unaware that Dream Tech Designs was Max's venture, she felt a guilty surge of relief.
ve
With Dorsey International's fall, King was no longer in the crosshairs of the Dorsey family's scrutiny. Given her long-standing engagement with Spencer, she knew all too well the weight of familial interests, especially within the Dorsey @lan, a nest of schemers. Now, with the empire fallen, King was out of the firing line. 
Her smile deepened, feeling unexpectedly closer to him. King, missing her emotional shifts, rested his head on her shoulder. Brielle
feigned annoyance, pushing himmet
slightly only for him to lean in
closer. "With Dorsey International gone, I've no source of income. After buying this mansion, I'm broke. But I
didn't want to skimp on you; I bit the bullet on this one." 
Brielle glared, wondering why he'd splurge on the mansion if funds were tight. It must've cost a fortune, a clear case of living beyond one's means. "Sweetie, maybe you should start working to support me?" he suggested, not a hint of shame in his voice.
King was jesting. After all, if she had the chance to leave, he doubted she'd look back.
His lashes lowered, only to hear her say, "Okay."
King stiffened, disbelief coursing through him. Brielle eyed him seriously. "Isn't Premier Palace still unfurnished? Did you sell it?"
Given its ties to the Dorsey family, he had sold it to buy this place, not wanting her to feel burdened. "Yeah, I didn't want you feeling uncomfortable there."
His gaze was intense, as if trying to draw her in. Brielle's smile returned, yet a question lingered. "Have you applied for jobs?"
King hadn't expected her to take him
seriously. She used to be so easy to fool. "Of course, but you know, after running such a big company, when it went down, everyone wanted a piece. Those who e called
'brother' stabbed me in the back. Joining their companies would just kill me, so I'd rather not work and
just stay at home." 
That was just like him, preferring to starve at home than work for a rival and give them the satisfaction.
###Chapter 1263
Brielle's lips curled into another smile, but she turned away quickly, masking it with a cold expression so he wouldn't notice.
"At this hour, you're still worried about your pride?"
"A man's pride is bigger than the sky, you know."
After saying that, he rested his head back on her shoulder.
"But don't worry, we've got enough for a decent meal."
Brielle glanced at him, remembering their first meeting when Max had taken her breath away with his striking looks. She had always seen him as something unattainable, like a snowflake in the sky that, no matter how much she tiptoed, she couldn't reach. Even if by some miracle the snowflake fell into her hands, it would just melt away. That fleeting coldness would stay etched in her heart, but to him, it meant nothing. The gap between them felt insurmountable.
So vast that if he ever disappeared, she would worry if she had done something wrong to drive him away. But now, with the Dorsey family's downfall, he was no longer the untouchable CEO or the Dorsey heir, just another guy dealing with bankruptcy. A warmth spread through her chest as she looked at him now, thinking she should work harder to earn money. With his good looks, how could she let him live an ordinary life? Max deserved to be looked up to, after all.
Taking a deep breath, her fingers flew over the keyboard even quicker. "If you don't want to go job hunting, that's fine. I'm about to graduate from Beaconsfield College, which carries a lot of weight. I should be able to land a job at a top firm."
King couldn't help feeling a strange sense of relief, almost as if she was happy about the Dorsey family's misfortune. He frowned slightly but said nothing, especially seeing her so enthusiastic about her upcoming exams. He felt an unexpected calm, thinking that a life like this wouldn't be so bad. To maintain this facade, he had even gone to the lengths of blocking any online mention of 'Max,' ensuring that Brielle wouldn't stumble upon any news about the CEO of Dream Tech Designs. Any future mentions related to Max wouldn't trend online either. This bubble he created was meant to give Brielle a better environment to heal. Once she was back on her feet, he would then tell her about the little secrets he had kept.
King took her hand gently, his tone light. "Little Canary, give it your all. I'm looking forward to living off your success."
Brielle couldn't help but smile,
though she didn't respond verbally.
Seeing the sparkle in her eyes,
brighter than usual and devoid of
frailty, King felt a twinge of pride. Perhaps he was starting to understand Max's approach. Putting her out there, letting her grow
and
amongst thorns, her growth rate ne
ΛΟ
resilience were beyond his expectations. The determination in her
gaze was far more beautiful than any vulnerability or fear. He had always believed he was doing the right thing by keeping her close, protecting her. But now, seeing the confidence that emerged in her, he realized how naive his initial thoughts were. He wanted her to be his delicate, cherished bird, while Max intended for her to rise from the ashes like a phoenix. And it was the phoenix that Brielle truly aspired to be. 
Unable to resist, King slowly wrapped his arms around her. Caught off guard while typing, Brielle looked at him, puzzled. "What's wrong?"
"I'm sorry."
Pet
He apologized softly, and Brielle assumed it was because he couldn't find a job, apologizing for not being able to contribute financially. A sense of accomplishment surged within her, wishing she could type faster, determined to support him, to not let him suffer. She even thought, perhaps, the universe had answered her prayers. When she first saw him at Beaconsfield College, she wished he could depend on her, an unlikely scenario she never thought possible. Yet, how quickly fortunes change. A smile flickered in Brielle's eyes as she eagerly continued with her graduation project. 
"I'll apply to graduate a few months early. Thanks to my exchange student grades, my professors should approve. By the day after tomorrow, I'll start job hunting." King nodded, kissing her cheek softly. "Good luck."
Brielle felt a sweetness in her heart
but kept a cool exterior, not letting her emotions show. To make this act more convincing, King even reached out to Beaconsfield College, offering to donate two buildings in exchange for the school's
cooperation in crafting a little planet
for Brielle, a proposition they found too good to refuse. Given the
abundance of talent at Beaconsfield College, creating a bespoke website for Brielle to mistake as the official one was a simple task for the programming students. The college promptly agreed to assist, and King also got in touch with Stellar Stage Entertainment, planning to offer Brielle a CEO position once her project was completed. This way, her life could gradually get back on track. 
###Chapter 1264
If it hadn't been for that fleeting moment when he sensed Max's old feelings, King wouldn't have acted this way. Deep down, he selfishly wished Brielle would only stay by his side. Once Aunt Martha's miracle drug was perfected, Max would probably return. King glanced at Brielle and couldn't resist pulling her close again. If Brielle liked him, he'd trade the world for her affection. Brielle, momentarily oblivious to his emotions, immediately logged onto the university's website to finalize her thesis. Within half an hour, her professor emailed her, approving her early graduation request and nominating her thesis as exemplary. That was unexpectedly quick. But Brielle didn't question it. With her graduation secured, she started drafting her resume, creating over a dozen versions to highlight all her strengths, aiming for the best shot at opportunities. But then King appeared again, sweeping her into his arms and settling her on his lap. "Little Canary, I've heard Stellar Stage Entertainment is looking for a president. You should give it a shot," he suggested. It was finance-related, right up Brielle's alley. Brielle was surprised and immediately searched for information on Stellar Stage Entertainment. Unbeknownst to her, King had already blocked any information about Stellar Stage Entertainment's interest in Brielle, so her search turned up nothing. The website she accessed was specially crafted by Stellar Stage Entertainment for her, with the core team aware of her need for rest and willing to accommodate.
Confident in her field, and with Aubree working at Stellar Stage Entertainment, Brielle saw an opportunity to reunite with her friend.
"Little Canary, will you go for it?" Of course, Brielle wouldn't miss this chance. Though the idea of being hired as a president seemed far-fetched, she figured the company's structure might differ from others, or perhaps it was a subsidiary of an international corporation, making the president's role more akin to a branch manager.
After applying to Stellar Stage Entertainment, they swiftly organized an online meeting. Within an hour, Brielle was accepted, so quickly that she was left in a daze, wondering if fortune was smiling upon her. When she saw the salary offer, her eyes widened in disbelief. "How much?" "Two million a month." The person on the other end repeated the figure professionally. Brielle thought she was hallucinating. She tried to remain composed, not wanting to give the interviewers any reason to doubt her.
"Alright, I'll start tomorrow." After hanging up, she rushed to King, who had just come downstairs, and wrapped her arms around him. King froze, his hands hanging in the air, unsure of how to react. In his memory, Brielle taking the initiative to kiss or hug him was rare.
"I got the job at Stellar Stage
Entertainment, with a monthly salary

of two million! Gosh, I knew Beaconsfield College had a good reputation, but I never expected it to open doors like this." She held King tight, her smile broadening Once I make enough money, I'll help you buy back Premier Palace." 
King lowered his gaze, inhaling her scent. Instead of happiness, he felt a bittersweet tang. He couldn't help but embrace her tightly. "Okay."
With only twenty days left in the streamer ranking competition, Emma's situation looked grim. Ever since Leona guided that online mob her way, tens of thousands flooded her streams daily, mostly to mock her. Some even donated a dollar just to see her squirm.
"Say thank you for the donation,
huh? Been days and not a peep, you
gone mute?" Still last in the
rankings, eh? Maybe it's time to head back to the farm." Emma was devastated on the first day, even considering shutting down her
stream to avoid further insults. Since the harassers avoided profanity, the moderators couldn't ban them, advising Emma to manage her emotions instead. 
ine
After two days of turmoil, Emma gradually adjusted. She couldn't give up before the selection ended. She continued sharing her knowledge an herbs, attracting some students from the field of herbal medicine. However, seeing the chat filled with sarcasm, they remained silent, merely following her quietly. Emma's follower count had reached three hundred, while Leona's soared past four million. 
###Chapter 1265
Leona had gone all out, dipping into her own pockets to give her online streaming gear a high-end makeover. Her setup was leagues ahead of the competition, boasting crystal-clear visuals paired with a voice so sweet and inviting, she practically had her viewers eating What's more, she had a knack for making it rain in her chat room, generously tipping other streamers from time to time. On any given day, Leona was doling out tips to the tune of about $30,000. With cash incentives like that floating around, it was a rare soul who could resist the lure.
out of the palm of her hand, calling them "bro" and "sis" in such endearing tones that hardly anyone could bear to click away.
As a result, her follower count skyrocketed, and she was on track to smash through the five million mark by the end of the night. Five million followers - can you even wrap your head around that? The top dog in the streaming world was sitting pretty at just over six million, and if those were all active, engaged followers, the earning potential was off the charts.
Here was Leona, a fresh face on the scene, already giving the vets a run for their money. It was like she had them hanging by a thread. And with that kind of traction, she had grown pretty high and mighty, looking down on practically everyone else in the biz. The combined follower count of the other twenty-nine streamers didn't even come close to a fraction of hers. So, whenever she strutted into the cafeteria and caught sight of her colleagues, her disdain was palpable. And when she saw Emma, the barbs came out in full force.
"I hear your little show's pulling a few thousand viewers a night now, riding on my coattails. Don't you think you owe me a dinner or something for that? And with all those tips coming your way, not even a 'thank you'? What, did you forget your manners back in the sticks?" Emma just kept her head down, focusing on her mac and cheese, tuning out the noise. After all, Leona's bravado had already rubbed pretty much every female streamer the wrong way. It was bound to come back to bite her. Engaging now, especially with Leona ready to twist anything said into online fodder, would only invite more trolls into Emma's stream.
But Peyton, sitting right next to Emma, had had enough. Last time, Leona's goon squad had practically kidnapped her, leaving her to fend for herself without a meal for a day. Seeing her daughter berated once more, Peyton found her courage, slamming down her fork with a clang.
"Enough with the trash talk, you hear me? We're not scared of you. Push us too far, and we'll push back, hard!"
Peyton's thick accent, layered with her agitation, made her almost unintelligible to Leona, who could only tell she was being insulted.
"What did you say?"
Peyton stood her ground, pointing a finger, "You throw one more insult my daughter's way, and it's on, you hear me? Maybe it's time your folks considered a second try, 'cause this first go's a total bust."
Leona, lost in the rapid-fire and heavily-accented rant, was boiling with frustration. After Peyton's tirade, a part of her regretted the outburst, knowing full well Leona wasn't without her defenses.
Leona, face trembling with anger, spat back, "You both just wait. I'll show you what it means to mess with me. Emma, you country bumpkin, just you wait till this contest's over. You'll see what happens then."
Emma furrowed her brow, pulling Peyton behind her protectively. "Using that as a threat? Really? My mom's right; maybe it's time for a do-over in your family. This attempt's a write-off."
That hit a nerve,
and Leona,
screeching, lunged at them. But
Emma, who'd grown up roaming the
hills and fields back home, was
unfazed by Leona's meager strength. With a simple movement, Leona found herself stumbling backward, hair a mess from the fall. 
Burning with humiliation, Leona hissed, "You'll both regret this!"
With that, she picked herself up and stormed off, fuming. If only she could call in her bodyguards, this would be settled already. "Just you wait. Once this contest wraps up and you're heading back to
veline
has the
nowhere-ville, we'll see who has last laugh," she muttered, plotting to intercept and sell off the
troublesome duo as soon as they left the safety of the competition.
###Chapter 1266
After Leona left, Emma turned to face Peyton.
"Mom, what got into you today? How come you suddenly stood up for yourself?"
Peyton's cheeks turned crimson, her lips quivering a bit, still a little shaken by her own boldness. The fear of Leona's revenge loomed over her, given Leona's wealth. Money meant power, unlike them, who came from the boondocks.
"Emma, I just couldn't stand her always putting you down. You were right the other day; we work hard and earn honest money. We don't have to feel inferior to her."
Even though she said that, Emma noticed Peyton's fingers trembling slightly as she held her fork. She was still probably a bit scared from standing up to Leona.
Peyton was like countless mothers around the world, having spent their lives in rural seclusion, never exposed to the broader world. They held onto outdated beliefs, but when they saw their children being bullied, they found the courage to stand up. Emma's eyes welled up. Seeing this change in Peyton was incredibly rare. In Peyton's mind, being poor meant deserving to be bullied, so when Leona first strutted around, Peyton only felt shame. But now, she had begun to learn to resist, even if faintly. Emma took a deep breath and held Peyton's hand.
"Mom, it's okay. We live in a society governed by laws. Leona wouldn't dare do anything to us. If something goes wrong, we'll just call the cops. They're here to help us."
Peyton nodded, the thought of police officers in uniform bringing her some relief.
"You're right. We can always call the cops like we did last time."
Emma had her grievances against Peyton, but despite everything, she chose to bring Peyton along to Beaconsfield, though not without some resentment. But after arriving in Beaconsfield, getting exposed to a broader world and its cultures, she felt a sudden expansion of her perspectives. She sensed Peyton's efforts to change.
Perhaps, growing up meant
forgiving such parents. They didn't
have her just to make her life miserable. They, too, fought their own battles with negativity, bearing the weight of life, and had thought about changing their situation, but her father couldn't change their family's circumstances. Emma had been angry with Peyton, but now she felt sympathy. She knew she had grown inside. 
That evening was another live streaming session. During Emma's streams, Peyton usually stayed outside, without any entertainment, just anxious for Emma's session to end. Since Emma streamed from her bedroom, showing half her bed, Peyton dared not sleep on it, fearing she might dirty it or her sleeping posture might accidentally appear on camera, embarrassing her daughter. So she spent her nights on the couch, despite the discomfort, feeling utterly content.
In her live sessions, Emma had been introducing various herbal remedies and sharing wellness tips. However, her channel was still flooded with Leona's fans, making snarky comments. Leona, also streaming, noticed Emma and snickered. Smiling sweetly at her camera, she asked, "Hey, fans, would you like to see me co-stream with another broadcaster?"
Her chat lit up with eager affirmations. A glint of mischief in her eyes, Leona chose to co-stream with Emma. Upon connecting, she feigned surprise.
"I just wanted a normal chat, didn't expect it to turn into a challenge. Wow, this might give Emma a big advantage, given my huge fan base. Oh dear."
Indeed, the co-streaming challenge
split the screen, displaying both broadcasters Fans from both sides entered the same chat, supporting. their favorite through likes and gifts. The loser had to perform a dare or showcase a talent. With Emma's smatter fan base, it seemed she'd be at a disadvantage, likely to be "rubbed in the dirt" by Leona's followers. If Emma ended up having
to perform, it might just turn into her most embarrassing moment. 
###Chapter 1267
Leona had a nasty streak, and making Emma strip on camera was definitely within her playbook.
Emma knew all too well that she wasn't exactly brimming with talent. So, when Leona's challenge notification popped up, she instantly understood what it was all about. If she lost, she couldn't turn down any punishment Leona dished out without looking like a sore loser. With a furrowed brow, Emma didn't hesitate for a second before declining the challenge. Leona was the darling of the streaming world, firmly holding the top spot on the platform's popularity charts. Just logging into the app would throw Leona's stream right in your face. For a newcomer like Emma, accepting a challenge from a superstar like Leona was a golden opportunity. Even losing would mean a spot on the hottest recommendations page, naturally drawing in fans. So, when Emma turned it down, everyone was stunned. Leona's face twisted in annoyance, but she remembered she was live. Showing any displeasure could give her critics plenty to talk about.
"Aw, Emma turned me down! Boo-hoo, I'm so heartbroken. But it's OK, it was a mistake challenging her anyway. Maybe it's for the best." She was saving face, and her fans bought it, flooding the comments with support.
"Don't worry, Leona, you're too cute for that nobody. Stay away from her, she's trouble."
"Seriously, you challenging her is like charity. Her popularity would skyrocket because of you."
"Lol, some trolls are donating just to mock Emma. Can't wait to see when she decides enough is enough and quits this selection process."
Meanwhile, Emma wasn't paying any attention to Leona's stream. She was calmly discussing the herbs in her hand, sharing insights not found in books, making her content fresh and unique.
Eventually, her chat started to show more than just mockery. Some viewers were offering genuine advice.
"Girl, you're stunning, but your
current style doesn't do you justice. You'd kill it with an edgy glam look, not this girl-next-door vibe. You've got striking features and standout beauty. Here in Europe, you'd be turning heads left and right. Been following you for a few days, and your look is growing on me. A bolder makeup would look incredible on you. Not many celebs back home can pull it off like you. Keep exploring and find your style." 
"OMG, yes! I knew from the moment I saw you, you're perfect for that badass babe vibe! Your skin is flawless! With such defined features, even barefaced you're stunning. Switch up your wardrobe, and you'll outshine them all!" "Agree! Go for the bold and confident look! Damn, I've been sunbathing on the beach for a month and still can't achieve your skin tone. Mine's all patchy now, so jealous! You're a natural badass babe!"
Her stream, usually filled with jeers, now had these sincere, encouraging messages standing out.
Edgy glam look? What's that?
Just as she was about to look it up, another comment caught her eye.
"Team edgy glam! No one in the local scene dares to embrace the pure badass babe look. Beauty
comes in so many forms. Who says only fair, young, and slim is beautiful? Trust our judgment, embrace the wild style, and we'll shower you with gifts!"
Emma quietly noted down this style suggestion. After the stream, she jumped online to find out what this edgy glam look was all about.
Till now, she'd dressed simply, in cheap shirts bought for the camera that lacked any real flair. If not for her striking face, she doubted she'd have any followers at all.
Discovering the essence of the edgy
glam style made Emma's cheeks
flush with excitement. It wasn't the girls' figures that captivated her the most, but the radiant confidence in their smiles, as if declaring to the world, "I'm the fairest of them all." It was utterly compelling. 
###Chapter 1268
But Emma was in a real bind. She didn't have enough cash to make ends meet.
She had a keen interest in learning makeup, but the costs were a total buzzkill. A decent foundation could easily set her back hundreds of dollars.
After her last stream, Emma tried diving into makeup tutorials. She even bought a ten-dollar foundation, but the results were laughable, like she had smeared plaster all over her face.
The comments section of those tutorials was filled with advice against cheap makeup, warning that it could ruin your skin and look awful.
So, she gave up on that idea.
Between her and Peyton, they had barely a couple hundred bucks left, not nearly enough for makeup, let alone a new wardrobe.
Emma wanted to dress up as her fans suggested, but her financial situation made it impossible.
However, seeing her follower count hit six hundred brought a bit of joy. It seemed her lost followers were trickling back, eager for her transformation.
If only she had some fabric, Emma thought she could try sewing a couple of outfits herself.
But living in a house provided by Stellar Stage Entertainment meant she had almost nothing to work with just a few bed sheets.
This so-called transformation seemed doomed from the start.
Feeling disappointed and not wanting to let down her genuine fans, Emma couldn't help but feel lost.
Peyton noticed her daughter's mood and asked, "Emma, is something bothering you?"
After Emma shared her concerns about clothes and makeup, she waved it off, "But it's alright, Mom. Once we get through this streaming period, we should have some money coming in." 
But deep down, she had no idea how much they would earn, suspecting most donations came from people just wanting a laugh. Peyton, having never dabbled in skincare or cosmetics, cherished gold as the ultimate asset, her rural upbringing valuing it above all.
Thinking it over, she decided to part with a gold bracelet she had kept for years. It was a gift from her
husband bought with half a year's wages when gold was cheap. She had no idea of its current value but hoped it would fetch a good price now that Emma needed the money. 
Emma was unaware of the bracelet's existence, a relic from her parents' courtship days, long before she was born.
Peyton tucked the bracelet into her pocket, wary of attracting attention that could lead to theft, and left without telling Emma, only leaving a note that she was going out for a walk. 
After a previous encounter with a bully, Peyton was wary but determined to sell the bracelet.
In Beaconsfield, she flagged down a taxi, but the driver, sensing she wasn't a local from her accent, quoted an exorbitant fare to the gold buyer.
"Three hundred bucks, take it or leave it," he said, pointing to a far-off location.
The price shocked Peyton. Was Beaconsfield really that expensive?
The driver sneered at her hesitation, "Three hundred's a bargain. Others would charge you five hundred. I'm cutting you a deal because you're older." With only a bit of money to her name, Peyton was torn. The round trip could consume all her cash.
Just as she was about to agree, a voice intervened.
"Three hundred? That's robbery. Ma'am, don't believe him. The meter will run once you're in the cab. Anyone asking for a flat rate upfront is scamming you."
###Chapter 1269
The cab driver's face twisted in irritation as he saw the new arrival. "What are you even talking about, lady? Do you have any idea who you're dealing with? Seriously, can't part with three hundred bucks, and now you're off to pawn some gold? I bet you don't even have
any real gold!"
Peyton stayed silent, just glancing at the woman next to her.
Brielle was at Stellar Stage Entertainment for her orientation. She'd just wrapped up a meeting and was heading back to the estate when she stumbled upon an obvious scam.
And it wasn't just any scam-it was blatant, with the cab driver trying to rip off someone who clearly looked like an outsider.
She frowned, "I suggest you clean up your act. Scamming your own people? How do you sleep at night? If someone reports you, you can kiss this job goodbye."
The man's face hardened, and, fuming, he honked furiously before driving off.
Brielle was about to get into her car when she noticed Peyton still waiting by the roadside and decided to speak up, "Ma'am, why are you heading to a pawnshop?"
Brielle's demeanor was comforting and trustworthy, devoid of Leona's arrogance, which made Peyton feel at ease.
"I was planning to pawn my gold bracelet. My daughter wants some skincare products; she's a streamer and needs to wear makeup."
Brielle glanced at Peyton's simple attire and noted how her hands were nervously tucked in her pockets, likely clutching the bracelet.
All this to buy makeup for her daughter?
Such a daughter seemed a bit thoughtless.
"Get in, I'll take you."
Peyton looked at Brielle skeptically but eventually got in, not forgetting to express her gratitude.
Brielle had driven herself here today. King had finally allowed her some independence, though he texted every ten minutes to check in on her. His clinginess was somehow reassuring.
She smiled slightly, noticing the constant "beep beep" of the car's alert and turned to Peyton.
But Peyton, unfamiliar with the car's features, thought she had done something wrong and hastily attempted to exit.
Brielle, somewhat amused, restrained her.
"Ma'am, stay put. Let me buckle your seatbelt for you."
Peyton nodded awkwardly, "Oh, thank you, dear."
Brielle took her to a mall, where they could sell the gold.
And since it was her first day on the job, she wanted to buy King a gift.
The thought of his reaction brought a smile to her face.
And then there was Isaac, not King's biological child, but a part of their family nonetheless. They were all in for a celebration.
Peyton followed Brielle cautiously. Upon seeing the dazzling array of gold in the showcase, she looked on enviously. Brielle led her to one of the gold shops, securing a decent price for the bracelet-about ten thousand dollars.
Not far from the gold shop was a makeup store.
Peyton was clueless about makeup, and Brielle, concerned she might make a hasty purchase, decided to accompany her.
"Ma'am, what brand does your daughter need? And for foundation, it's crucial to match the skin tone. Everyone's different. What does your daughter look like?" 
Just then, the mall's display started showcasing Stellar Stage Entertainment's latest event, including a promo for thirty
swnovel.
streamers based on their popularity.
Emma appeared last.
Seeing her daughter on the screen, Peyton's breath caught.
"Oh my goodness! That's my daughter on TV! Can you help me pick the right foundation for her? We need the best one."
Since Brielle had been so helpful,
Peyton felt more comfortable asking
for assistance, her eagerness to buy Emma the skincare products overshadowing any embarrassment. 
###Chapter 1270
Brielle caught a glimpse of Emma's face and couldn't help but be momentarily dazzled.
"Absolutely stunning," she thought.
However, everything in this boutique was on the pricier side. She turned to Peyton and asked, "Are you sure you want the most expensive one? The foundation here costs about eighty bucks a bottle." Peyton, who usually hesitated to spend more than twenty on a pair of jeans and still wore the sneakers she picked up from a local market, didn't hesitate when it came to Emma.
"Let's go for it. Is there anything else she needs? I'm not too familiar with all this."
She showed a hint of embarrassment.
Brielle pictured Emma's face and, after a moment's thought, selected a few items. The set was almost complete.
When Peyton heard the total - seven hundred dollars - she winced but didn't hesitate to hand over the cash she had just received.
After buying the makeup, they still had three hundred left from the bracelet sale.
"Um, miss, is there a place around here where we can buy some clothes? My daughter doesn't really have anything nice to wear. Her fans suggested something edgy. What exactly does 'edgy' mean?" Brielle raised an eyebrow. The fans did have a point. Given Emma's look, the girl-next-door style wasn't quite right.
"Might as well go all out," Brielle thought.
She led them to the third floor, and Peyton tensed up at the sight of the elevator.
As the elevator began to move, Peyton couldn't help but grab Brielle's arm, even letting out a small cry, "Oh, this box is moving!"
Others in the elevator chuckled.
Peyton's face turned red with embarrassment.
Brielle smiled slightly, "Yeah, the 'box' moves, but don't worry, it's taking us to buy clothes."
Thanks to her reassurance, Peyton felt a bit less awkward.
Once in the store, Brielle chose a few outfits based on her sense of style.
Peyton, too shy to enter, handed over the remaining money.
"Miss, I know you're a kind soul, and
I hate to trouble you, but I really don't know the first thing about picking out clothes. I'm afraid I'd just embarrass myself. Please, use this money to get as much as you can for her. I can give you twenty bucks for your trouble, okay?"
"Auntie, it's fine. I was shopping anyway, so I can pick something out for you. If you'd rather not go in, just wait here, and I'll bring everything out to you." Peyton breathed a sigh of relief, grateful for the kindness of a stranger who was a world apart from the likes of Leona, who flaunted their wealth. "Thank you, thank you so much."
Brielle was quick to choose. The store wasn't a high-end brand, but that's exactly why she was able to get six outfits with the budget.
When she came out to find Peyton, she found her asleep on a nearby bench, clutching the makeup as if it was treasure.
"Auntie, I've got everything. Let's head back."
Peyton quickly woke up, took the bags with a bow, "Thank you, truly."
"No worries. Your daughter is a host at Stellar Stage Entertainment, right? It's actually my first day working ther too, so we're colleagues now. No need to be so formal."
On the way down, Peyton didn't panic in the elevator but still clung to Brielle's sleeve, her lips pressed together in nervousness.
Brielle had planned to buy gifts for King and Xiao Zhi but seeing Peyton's anxiety, especially about possibly being overcharged by a taxi driver, she decided to help.
She hailed a cab, paid in advance, and reminded the driver of the destination before receiving a flurry of thanks from Peyton.
Riding in the cab, Peyton was
nervous, not used to traveling alone.
She clutched the bags tightly, sweating with worry about ending up in an unfamiliar place, likewhat Leona had done to her. 
However, when the cab stopped at a familiar spot an hour later, she was relieved. She tried to pay, but the driver informed her it was already taken care of and drove off.
Excited at the thought of giving these gifts to Emma, Peyton entered her neighborhood, only to bump into Leona.
Seeing Peyton, Leona recalled being outsmarted and insulted by the "country bumpkin." She marched up to Peyton with a menacing stride.
"You! I've finally caught you, you witch."
###Chapter 1271
Peyton was secretly terrified of Leona. Speaking up against her in the cafeteria was only possible because her daughter was by her side.
But now, alone and unguarded, she hurried towards her home with a sense of urgency.
Leona, faster on her feet, caught up and noticed Peyton carrying two bags, one branded with a luxury makeup logo.
"Look at you, country bumpkin, where'd you swipe the cash from? If it weren't for the generous perks at Stellar Stage Entertainment, you and your daughter wouldn't even have a pot to piss in. Don't tell me your girl's got herself a sugar daddy? Tsk, how low can you go?" Peyton initially chose to ignore Leona, but the mention of her daughter ignited her anger.
Leona approached and shoved her, "Just what I said. Living in the same place as you makes me sick. Can't wait for the auditions to end so I don't have to see trash like you anymore."
"What the hell are you on about?!"
Peyton, having been bedridden for years and only recently gaining a bit of weight since moving to Beaconsfield, couldn't match Leona's physical strength.
The shove sent her forehead crashing into a flowerbed, immediately drawing blood.
Leona crossed her arms, watching Peyton scramble for the makeup bag she had kicked away, a twisted smile on her face.
"Bet that's bought with the money from selling your daughter, how vile."
The makeup bag, now open, showed a cracked foundation bottle. Peyton went pale at the sight; it had cost her a hefty sum. Leona, satisfied with the torment she inflicted, kicked the other bag aside and strutted into the building complex.
Peyton, tears welling up, cradled the broken foundation, half the product still salvageable. She picked up the other bag, containing clothes, and headed home. 
Emma was busy arranging a backdrop with leaves when she noticed her mother's injury and gasped, "Mom! What happened?!" Peyton's tears flowed anew, but she couldn't bear to tell Emma about Leona's bullying, fearing her daughter couldn't stand up to such wealth. "I just tripped coming in. Look, Emma, I got the makeup you mentioned."
Emma, unfamiliar with brands and
their costs, carefully transferred the remaining foundation to a secure container. She was surprised her mother even knew to shop for makeup, let alone buy a complete set. 
"Mom, did you spend all our money? We might have to find work if we run out."
Peyton waved her off, "Don't worry about it. We needed to spend a bit."
Emma's eyes reddened. Peyton had always been frugal, except when it came to her daughter. She rarely stinted on Emma, mostly on herself.
"Try them on, Emma. And these clothes too, they're what you called 'edgy.' I don't know much, but I got help from a kind stranger."
Emma had low expectations for her
mother's understanding of "edgy
fashion
but she was stunned by the
clothes' style, exactly what she had seen online. 
But her concern was for Peyton, "Don't move, let me take care of that cut."
As Peyton sat, dazed and fighting off dizziness, Emma's worry grew, "You've got to be more careful. With your health, a fall could be serious." Peyton remained silent, her tears not of pain, but of feeling wronged.
###Chapter 1272
Emma had no idea why her mom was so exhausted; she just assumed it was from some physical pain.
"Mom, you should take a break. The stuff you bought is super useful. I'll use it for the stream later," Emma said, trying to soothe her mom's concerns. Peyton sighed in relief, feeling like she hadn't let her daughter down for once.
She clutched her forehead, her voice faint from the long day out and her constant stress. Clearly, she was worn out. She lay down on the couch.
"Emma, I'm gonna catch some sleep. Don't stress too much, honey. If this city doesn't welcome us, we can always go back to our small town. We'll make it work together," Peyton said, trying to sound reassuring despite her exhaustion. At least they wouldn't have to deal with people like Leona there.
Emma suddenly felt like crying but didn't know what to say.
She was scared that if she spoke, her voice would break, so she stayed quiet.
Too tired to wait for a response, Peyton fell asleep.
Emma covered her with a blanket and then turned her attention to the makeup they had bought. She had watched countless tutorials before but never had the right products to try them out.
Now, with everything she needed, she sat in front of the mirror, ready to transform herself.
Emma had imagined this moment so many times, but the cheap foundation she had used before always held her back. This new foundation, though, was amazing. Where did her mom find these products?
But she didn't have time to dwell on that and quickly got to work.
The makeup kit was incredibly thorough, even including glittery face jewels.
When Emma found the hair color spray, she was shocked. There were so many colors!
She chose pink, dyed her hair, and clipped it up casually, leaving a few strands out for a relaxed look.
Then, she picked out a black halter top and a pair of jeans.
After three hours of work, the transformation was incredible. She could hardly believe the reflection in the mirror was her.
Just then, Peyton woke up and saw a stylish woman in her living room. She was startled at first but then, recognizing it was Emma, frowned at the halter top. 
"Emma, isn't that top a bit too revealing?" she asked, worried about what the small-town folks would say. Emma twirled, smiling, "Too revealing? Mom, I think it looks great. Makes my waist look super slim." Peyton, initially unsure about the bold style, decided to keep quiet seeing her daughter's happiness. "If you like it, that's what matters," she sighed, knowing well the town's people might not approve. Emma, all set, took a deep breath and headed to her bedroom to start her live stream. She was nervous, wondering if her followers would like the new look.
But as soon as she went live, the reaction was overwhelming.
Her pink hair against her tan skin, along with her voluminous locks, made a stunning impact.
The usual trolls were silenced, replaced with admiration in the chat.
"Whoa, is that Emma?! What happened?!"
"She's on fire! Can't believe I was about to roast her."
"Can that pink hair be permanent, please?! Gorgeous!"
Emma, feeling her nerves calm down, greeted her viewers, "Hey, everyone! It's Emma. Tried out this new style on a whim, might not be perfect, but I'll improve. Thanks for tuning in." 
The encouragement from her fans, especially those who had suggested the makeover, filled the chat with support and generous donations. Emma, used to receiving minimal and often insulting donations, was shocked to see a big-ticket donation pop up on her screen.
A single donation of 1999, nearly
two thousand dollars, flashed
across her screen, leaving her speechless and overwhelmed by the unexpected support. 
###Chapter 1273
Before she could even process the shock, multiple cruise ships flashed across the screen-fans had tipped her nearly ten thousand bucks in total! Emma was so stunned, she didn't know how to react. This was the first time she'd ever received such a generous gift from her followers.
Naturally, she wasn't about to act all high and mighty and tell people not to tip. Rankings were on the line, and fan support was a crucial part of the game. Her confidence soared. Smiling, she thanked her fans and made sure to shout out the names of those who had sent the cruise ships.
She quickly pulled herself together, trying to stay calm and continue with her planned schedule, methodically introducing the benefits of herbal remedies.
Her spicy outfit was quite the contrast for such a wholesome topic, creating a striking visual that was hard to ignore.
Emma had been streaming for about an hour when she took a sip of water and noticed her fan count had soared past two thousand.
She paused, her hand freezing mid-air. She hadn't even hit seven hundred followers before tonight, and now she had gained over a thousand in one evening?
Although this number still placed her at the bottom among the thirty streamers, she was more than satisfied.
Meanwhile, next door, Leona was sweetly singing in her own stream when she noticed the chat buzzing about Emma.
"I went there planning to trash-talk Emma, but once I got there, I just couldn't do it."
"Same here, I wanted to donate a dollar to shame her like yesterday, but ended up doing nothing."
"Emma's look tonight is seriously stunning."
Leona's brows furrowed, and she couldn't help but sneak a peek at Emma's stream. The sight that greeted her made her eyes widen in astonishment, so much so that she forgot she was in the middle of
song. .
a
Pink hair casually pinned up, wearing a tank top that perfectly showcased her toned shoulders, her tanned skin complementing her outfit beautifully.
As the saying goes, cuteness stands no chance against sexiness.
Leona gritted her teeth in frustration, remembering the moment earlier today when she bumped into Emma's mother, who apparently had been out buying makeup.
Even though she knew Emma was far behind in the competition, the gap between them and the rest had grown too large over the past few days. Any change now seemed too little too late unless someone decided to financially back her. 
A vicious look crossed Leona's eyes; she would never allow this "country bumpkin" a chance to turn things around.
So she stopped singing and looked pitifully at the screen.
Her appearance was naturally sweet and innocent, with a voice that could easily melt hearts, making it simple for people to believe her.
"I've lost a bracelet these past few
days and can't seem to find it
anywhere. In the evening, I saw Emma's mom entering our neighborhood, carrying two big bags of designer makeup. I really wanted to ask how she got those, but didn't want to cause any trouble. Despite being poor and wearing tattered shoes, I thought she wouldn't do such a thing, so I'm still quite upset and clueless about where my bracelet could be. It was pure gold, weighing over fifty grams." 
Her eyes looked sorrowful as she spoke, even letting out a sigh for effect.
"But it doesn't really matter, my family is wealthy, so I don't care much about the bracelet. Though, if someone did find it, I hope it would be returned to its rightful owner."
The chat immediately erupted, with fans almost unanimously assuming Peyton had found the bracelet and, instead of returning it, pawned it for cash to buy Emma designer goods.
Leona seized the moment to add, "I'm so envious of Emma, her mom really spoils her. She won't even splurge on a cab for herself, yet spends so much on luxury items for her daughter." The implication was clear: Emma was bleeding her mother dry, utterly thoughtless.
###Chapter 1274
Sure enough, as soon as Emma's fans caught wind of the accusation, they couldn't sit still.
"That bracelet must've been snatched by Peyton. Aren't they broke? How could they even think of buying designer stuff?"
"Emma is such a show-off. Her mom can't even afford a cab ride, yet she splurges on brand names just to be a streamer? I don't get how someone can live like that, just leeching off her folks."
"Leona's too nice. If it were me, I'd have called the cops on that mother-daughter duo in a heartbeat. With the current gold prices, that bracelet is worth enough to press charges."
Leona saw the comment and smiled slyly.
"Aww, I was just musing. Maybe they didn't take the bracelet after all. Let's not jump to conclusions about good people. Also, let's keep the chat focused on us, okay? How about I sing another song for you guys?" The comments kept praising her for being kind-hearted and understanding.
Leona's eyes sparkled with amusement. With her around, Emma wouldn't stand a chance at making a comeback.
Emma had hoped tonight would be the start of something great. Her follower count had just hit 3000, and she was beaming, ready to stream all night to keep the momentum going.
But soon enough, the comments took a nasty turn, with people calling her a thief and vain.
Emma frowned, completely baffled by the sudden hostility.
Her follower count had just started climbing, and the new audience was still pretty fickle. Suddenly, there was an influx of haters, leaving everyone else puzzled until someone brought up Leona's lost bracelet. Emma saw the comments and her face turned pale.
"We didn't take her bracelet, and spreading rumors like this could get you in trouble with the police."
But Emma had clearly underestimated Leona. Leona hadn't outright accused Peyton; she had just planted a seed of doubt.
And it was Emma and Peyton who had to bear the brunt of that doubt.
Emma watched helplessly as the chat filled with hateful messages, even cursing her mom.
Emma had always thought she could handle the insults directed at her, but when her mother became the target, she was livid.
"If Leona thinks we took the bracelet, she should report it to the police instead of stirring up cyberbullying."
Emma was shaking with anger,
watching her follower count drop
from 3000 to just a few dozen et
Tears welled up in her eyes; she felt completely wronged.
But the viewers didn't care about her feelings. They were Leona's fans, now turned into her weapons against Emma.
Emma tried to keep her composure, pretending not to see the venomous comments flooding the screen.
Just then, Peyton woke up and stumbled to the door, saying, "Emma, my head feels a bit dizzy."
Peyton truly felt unwell, especially after waking up, and even struggled to see clearly.
Emma rushed over to support her. "Mom, are you hungry?"
Peyton shook her head, her face ashen.
Ever since she took that fall, she felt something was off, her whole body in discomfort.
Emma couldn't focus on her stream any longer and helped her mom sit on the bed, out of the camera's view.
"Emma, I think I'm about to pass out. You look all blurry to me. Maybe my body's giving up. How's your stream going?" Peyton was disoriented, teetering on the edge of consciousness.
Seeing her like this, Emma grabbed her phone to call an ambulance, but Peyton stopped her.
"No, don't waste the money. I pawned some jewelry today just to buy these things for you. We don't have much left, and we still need to get back to town. Let's save what we can." 
en FindNovel
After saying that, Peyton turned even paler, feeling nauseous.
Emma couldn't care less about the money at this point and dialed for an ambulance.
Little did she know, Peyton's words had been picked up by the microphone, especially the part about pawning jewelry, heard foud and clear by thousands of viewers. 
###Chapter 1275
"Did she just say she pawned something for cash?" one of them whispered, disbelief coloring their tone.
"Her accent's thick, but we all heard it. She actually went and pawned Leona's bracelet. How low can you get? That's practically theft!"
"Now they're playing the sympathy card? Being poor doesn't give them the right to take what isn't theirs. Disgusting. If Leona calls the cops, some folks might think she's the bully here." "It's the 'I'm poor, so I'm right' mentality, huh? They better vanish from our sights."
At this point, Peyton was out cold, and Emma, too upset to continue her live stream, yanked the power cord from the wall.
The ambulance arrived half an hour later. Emma climbed in with her mother, her heart breaking as Peyton moaned in pain.
"Mom, it's okay. We'll be at the hospital soon," she reassured, her voice a soft cocoon in the chaos.
Peyton's response, a mere sigh of relief, eased her heart a little.
Only Emma was allowed to wait outside the emergency room. The icy chill of the hospital corridor seeped into her bones, probably from the nerves, making her feel nauseous.
She'd tried to ignore the fact that she was pregnant, but the online hate, coupled with her mother's sudden collapse, hit her hard.
Sitting down, she shivered, the night stretching endlessly before her, its cold gnawing at her until the emergency room doors finally opened.
The doctor, removing his mask, said, "It was a concussion caused by the fall, worsened by her already frail health. Ms. Emma, don't worry. But do keep her company; she's been quite distressed." Emma knew her mother's fear of facing strangers alone was immense.
Heading out today must have taken all her courage.
Beaconsfield was overwhelming, its brightness never meant for them Her mother, having come from a small village, always felt out of place, too intimidated to even make small talk. 
en FindNovel
Surrounded by unfamiliarity and people like Leona, who looked down on her, her mother was under immense stress, silent about her struggles.
Tears streamed down Emma's face, unsure of what to do next.
But the reality of their situation hit when the doctor mentioned the hospital bill - five thousand dollars, a sum far beyond her reach.
The doctor's judgmental glance at
her trendy outfit didn't help,
mistaking her for someone living beyond their means, perhaps
assuming she dressed up to attract men. 
en FindNovel
"I'll figure it out," Emma managed to say, her voice barely above a whisper.
Once the nurse left, Emma returned to her seat, overwhelmed by the financial burden, feeling like she was drowning without hope for rescue.
Hands covering her face, she questioned her decision to leave their small town for Beaconsfield, seeking a better future that now seemed more like a harsh reality.
As her tears fell, unbeknownst to her, Leona's live stream was in turmoil.
Someone had replayed Peyton's admission of pawning the gold, igniting outrage.
"See, the country bumpkin admitted to pawning the gold. It must be Leona's bracelet. Shameless!"
"Emma's sudden fashion sense must be financed by that dirty money."
"Country folks, short-sighted and spiteful. Leona should steer clear of them, or she'll be dragged down too."
Leona hadn't expected her offhand
remark about a non-existent bracelet to hit so close to the mark She rarely bought gold, considering it a poor man's investment, preferring diamonds and jewels instead. 
Yet her casual lie had unwittingly struck a nerve, as if fate itself was conspiring with her.
###Chapter 1276
Watching the chat blow up in her livestream, she quickly softened her voice to explain.
"Let's just drop it, alright? I know Emma's going through a tough time at home. Even if they did take it, it's no big deal. Think of it as doing a good deed. Plus, she looked amazing tonight. She's at the bottom of the rankings, so let's hope she catches up soon." With those words, she managed to paint herself in a saintly light.
Leona couldn't help but glance at her follower count, which had just surpassed seven million, securing her spot as the most followed female streamer, well ahead of the so-called veterans. A smug smile flickered across her face, silently thanking Emma for the unexpected boon of a million new followers. She had never been fond of Emma, and now, stepping over her to climb higher felt incredibly satisfying.
Meanwhile, Emma was far removed from the world of livestreams, sitting outside in a hallway, rubbing her red, swollen eyes. After a while, she pulled out her low-end phone and hesitated before finally scrolling to the only number she had saved. It belonged to Aubree, whom she had met after moving to Beaconsfield and buying the phone, immediately saving her number. Desperate, Emma had no choice but to set aside her pride and take a chance on the only person she knew in Beaconsfield, Aubree. But Aubree was a big star, and even with a heart of gold, would she really come to her aid?
Emma dialed Aubree's number, but got no answer. Aubree, having returned from a film set, was in no mood to deal with anything, lying in bed and staring into the darkness outside. Her phone rang, but she couldn't care less, feeling utterly drained. She heard someone walking in the living room, the sound of slippers against the floor. Andrew hadn't gone home that evening, choosing instead to stay and clean up, even making a pot of chicken soup. Aubree, lacking the energy for another argument, had simply stayed in bed, silently finishing the soup he left for her. She wasn't eager to confront Andrew, fearing it would just lead to more distress. Rubbing her temples, she noticed her phone was still ringing. With a frown, she checked the caller ID - an unknown number. After pressing the answer button, she heard Emma's hoarse voice on the other end.
"Aubree, it's Emma."
Aubree paused, feeling a sudden surge of energy. At least this unexpected call diverted her attention away from the incessant tension in the living room.
"Emma, what's wrong?"
Hearing the concern in Aubree's voice, Emma's tears flowed even more freely.
"My mom's been hospitalized suddenly, and I just can't afford it. I'm sorry, you were the only person I could think to call."
Aubree sprang out of bed, grabbing her coat.
"Send me your address. I'm on my way."
Emma was taken aback by the offer
but desperately needed the
company, so she sent her location As Aubree opened her bedroom door to
leave, she saw
mopping the floor. He immediately stopped at the sight of her leaving. 
“Aubree, where are you going?"
Without looking back, Aubree replied, "Just Qut for a bit." After all, he had brought her home; she couldn't exactly kick him out like an enemy. This was her chance to escape, and she seized it. Andrew considered following her but by the time he put down the mop, Aubree's car was already speeding away, as if to avoid him at all costs. A trace of sadness crossed his face, his lips pressed together in a thin line before he returned to his cleaning. 
Upon arriving at the hospital, Aubree found Emma sitting alone in the hallway, her red eyes lifting to meet Aubree's gaze. It was the first time Aubree had seen Emma dressed this way, momentarily stunned by her appearance, recalling Dustin's comment about her being "wild." At the time, Aubree had thought Dustin was joking, as Emma's usual style hardly seemed wild. But seeing her now, with such a fierce look, Aubree had to admire Dustin's keen eye for women. Just one glance, and he had nailed the perfect description. 
###Chapter 1277
"Aubree," Emma said as she stood up, regaining her composure.
"I'm really sorry," she added.
Aubree glanced towards the hospital room where Emma's mom was resting, hooked up to an IV.
"How's your mom doing?"
"The doctors say it's nothing serious for now, but she'll need to stay in the hospital for a week," Emma replied.
Aubree nodded. "That's a relief. Just try not to stress too much. You're pregnant, and all this emotional turmoil isn't good for the baby."
Emma looked down, her face calm yet determined, as if she had made a monumental decision.
"Aubree, I've decided... I've decided to end the pregnancy."
Aubree stiffened, shocked. Emma had been so adamant about keeping the baby before.
Emma forced a smile. "I probably seem foolish to you. I always thought that with enough effort, I could change my circumstances. Tonight, I changed my look, thinking that even if I couldn't become the main star at Stellar Stage Entertainment, maybe the attention I got could help me make some money at home, enough to take care of my mom and the baby. But I was too optimistic."
She couldn't even bear to think about the kind of abuse she and her mother were facing online.
They hadn't done anything wrong. Why could just a few words from Leona stir up such outrage?
She couldn't understand it. She always felt she couldn't give up, but seeing her mother hospitalized and not being able to afford the medical bills made her question everything she had held onto.
She wasn't that strong. If the baby were born, it would just mean one more person living this tough life.
"It would only add one more unfortunate soul to the world," she said quietly.
Right now, she could barely take care of her mother, let alone a child. Maybe her frail mother would end up having to take care of her instead.
Her eyes reddened. "I'm sorry, Aubree. I shouldn't dump all this negativity on you. You must be exhausted from filming."
But she desperately needed someone to talk to.
Aubree pulled her into a chair, sensing Emma's distress.
"Emma, are you sure about this? Remember what I told you before? This is Dustin's child. If you wanted to, you could use this situation to get some support from him. After all, that night was consensual; he should take responsibility. 
Emma just gave a sad smile.
"Aubree, like I said before, I don't want to be with Dustin. You might not believe me, but I'm not sure how I feel about him. I've always felt inferior, just like my mom. The moment I saw Dustin, I knew
were worlds apart. Coming net
ask
Beaconsfield, I only walled the
him about the child. If he
baby, I'd leave; if not, I'd feel free to make my decision without any burden. I never planned on anything more." 
Emma's gaze was serene as she faced Aubree, her demeanor completely calm now. She intertwined her fingers, voicing her deepest thoughts.
"Dustin's like a prince from a fairy tale, and I'm like Cinderella. That night was like being lucky enough to attend a ball didn't belong to. When midnight struck, I turned back into Cinderella, and he remained the high and mighty prince. But in fairy fales, when the prince searches forthe girl with the glass slipper, no one ever asks if Cinderella wants to live with the prince in the castle. It's assumed she should be grateful. If I truly were Cinderella, I wish someone would ask me if I wanted to be with the prince." 
Emma had scarcely interacted with men in her life. She didn't resist Dustin's advances that night because he called her beautiful.
No one had ever complimented her like that, making her forget to resist.
She didn't understand what liking someone meant; she only thought Dustin was the most handsome man she had ever seen.
###Chapter 1278
When Aubree heard Emma's plea, she was stumped on how to console her.
Emma had her own strong opinions, and it seemed like Dustin had completely brushed the whole thing off. Aubree, being somewhat of an outsider, couldn't just waltz into his life and start lecturing him.
Besides, she had already sent Dustin the link to Emma's livestream, but he hadn't made any moves, clearly forgetting about his fling. All Aubree could think to do was lend Emma some money to help her through this rough patch. "Just send me your bank details."
Emma, who had been looking for a loan in the first place, didn't hesitate to send her account information over. Soon after, a transfer of $10,000 came through.
"Aubree, this is way too much. I'll pay you back as soon as I've covered the medical bills. I'll keep track of every penny spent and pay you back once I'm settled back in town," Emma promised.
Aubree thought for a moment and then insisted, "You don't need to pay me back. I'm also a friend of Dustin's, and it's clear he's in the wrong here. Since he's not taking responsibility, I feel it's only right that I step in. This is about your health, and as a woman, I can empathize more than anyone. Use this money to take care of yourself and your mother."
After a brief pause, Aubree's tone lightened. "Besides, the talent show isn't over yet. You haven't stuck it out till the end, so how can you be so sure you won't make the cut? You're looking fabulous right now, you know."
Emma managed a small smile, thinking of mentioning something about Leona but decided against it. It would seem like she was asking Aubree to fight her battles. She couldn't keep burdening Aubree with her negativity, especially after she'd come all this way to help. "Aubree, you should head back and rest. I'll definitely pay you back," Emma insisted.
Aubree knew Emma could be stubborn at times. She wanted to stay, but she could see Emma needed some space to think things through, especially about whether to keep the baby. As Dustin's friend, Aubree naturally hoped for the best for Dustin's child, but forcing Emma to go through the ordeal of pregnancy and childbirth seemed selfish. 
Back in her car, Aubree couldn't help but send Dustin a message.
"Mr. Lynch, remember that livestreamer I told you about?"
Dustin was in the middle of a meeting, bogged down by a mountain of work from Infinity Brilliance, barely able to catch a breath. Seeing Aubree's message, he drew a blank at first, struggling to remember any livestreamer. It took him a few seconds to recall the woman. Almost forgotten.
Reading Aubree's cold words, she
felt even more sorry for Emma. Men just have their moment of pleasure and then wash their hands of the consequences, leaving the woman to bear the brunt. Emma, inexperienced with men, hadn't thought to take precautions. But with Dustin's history of fleeting relationships, this was his responsibility. 
Aubree was genuinely upset. "I thought Mr. Lynch never turned down an opportunity."
Dustin, puzzled by Aubree's sarcasm, wondered what he'd done to annoy her. Just because he forgot about the livestreamer? Sure, the streamer was pretty, but there were plenty of attractive people in the world. He couldn't possibly pay attention to each one.
Confused, Dustin went back to his paperwork. But Aubree's words had slowed him down, and he found himself distracted. Thinking of the streamer sparked an unidentifiable emotion in him, one he couldn't quite place. He revisited the link Aubree had sent, only to find the streamer was off for the day, suggesting he check back later. 
Raising an eyebrow, Dustin exited the page and returned to his documents, though Aubree's message lingered in his mind.
###Chapter 1279
It was already 10 p.m.
Tonight, Brielle and King had shared a cozy dinner and then settled down on the couch together. King's insistence on not going to work wasn't just talk.
After dinner, he picked up a book, using her lap as a pillow, and started reading with genuine interest. Meanwhile, Brielle, sitting upright, was diligently typing away on her laptop. The weight of his head on her lap wasn't a bother; she actually cherished their closeness. The documents she was reviewing were all about Stellar Stage Entertainment. She'd spent the entire afternoon going through them, and it was clear that the company was running smoothly. Their plans for the upcoming year were so well laid out that there seemed little for her to do.
Why, then, did Stellar Stage Entertainment bring her on as CEO? Was it just for show?
Brielle couldn't help but be puzzled. If Stellar Stage Entertainment hadn't been such a legit operation, she might have thought she'd walked into some sort of scam. But the company was above board, so she figured she'd just hit a stroke of incredible luck this year. Feeling restless, King shifted his head on her lap and put down his book to gaze at her. Brielle's expression intentionally cooled, her lips pursing slightly.
"What are you staring at?" she asked.
King chuckled softly and sighed. "This feeling of being taken care of, not having to do anything, just being lazy-it's nice."
Brielle almost burst into laughter but managed to turn her head away, her eyes twinkling with amusement, though her tone remained unchanged. "Ambitious," she teased.
King closed his eyes, a peaceful expression on his face. This was a scenario he had never dared to dream of. Being with Brielle at this moment, not disliked by her, sometimes felt like living a dream.
"Little Canary, if I don't go to work, would you think less of me for not having a career? If you met others and they talked about their successful boyfriends, would you feel embarrassed about me?"
No, she wouldn't. Brielle answered in her heart, knowing his worth was all that mattered to her. She didn't care much for societal definitions of success; she just hoped to be the only one in King's eyes. Though that was her inner thought, she responded, "It's fine, as long as you're happy." 
King narrowed his eyes, getting up to continue watching her face. Feeling his gaze, Brielle felt a sense of pleasure, making her typing faster King always felt she was happy, but he couldn't be sure, given his past disappointments,
He was about to speak again when he noticed a small box being pushed toward him. Curiosity piqued, he looked up to meet Brielle's gaze.
"For you," she said, her tone casual as if it didn't matter much to her. "I went to the mall today and just picked it up."
In truth, she had spent an hour deciding, agonizing over the brand and color before settling on this particular gift. King was silent, just staring at the box. Was this Brielle, willing to give him a gift? He hesitated to accept it. Brielle's brow furrowed, her expression cooling. "What, you don't like it?"
He had mentioned wanting a
present for his birthday. But that day, she had smelled another woman's perfume on him and impulsively threw a glass of milk at him. She thought he might be seeing someone else, considering he never allowed her out, yet he would occasionally leave without
explanation. The insecuritnoveenet
of
waiting for him to return grew unbearable the moment she detected the scent of perfume on him, leading her to act without thinking. Especially since he had forced her into things without offering any explanation for the perfume. 
"Is it really for me?" King's voice carried a hint of uncertainty, his fingers hesitating before retracting slightly.
"Yeah, it's just a tie. Grabbed it on a whim."
Seeing him accept the gift, Brielle sighed in relief. King, with downcast eyes, murmured, "This is the third gift you've given me."
Brielle paused, puzzled. Was it? She could only recall this being the first.
###Chapter 1280
"Little Canary, why'd you get me a present? Are you, uh," he stammered, swallowing hard and hesitating for what felt like forever, "into me?"
As he forced those words out, he couldn't bear to look at her anymore, feeling like he might just be dreaming.
Brielle's heart skipped a beat, her denial almost instinctive. "What do you think? How could I possibly be into you?"
The first time was in a back alley, and yeah, she was really hurting then. But she didn't push him away, because this was Max, the guy she'd had a crush on since she was a teenager. No matter how he acted, she was smitten. Completely and utterly lost in him. But realizing that his affection might just be fleeting, like a shooting star, brought tears to her eyes. She always knew a few lines of poetry that, every time she read them, made her want to cry.
-What could I possibly give you to keep you? I offer you the empty streets, the despairing sunsets, the moon over the desolate suburbs.
I offer you the sorrow of a man gazing longingly at the moon, alone.
I give you my loneliness, my darkness, the hunger of my heart.
I try to touch you with confusion, danger, defeat.
On days he didn't come back, those lines haunted her. Back in school, people couldn't understand why she found them so moving. She envied those who questioned such feelings. Those who don't understand the self-deprecating nature of love are the happiest people in the world.
Ever since she crossed paths with King, she felt imprisoned, controlled. What woman could possibly cherish being treated this way? Admitting her feelings would only confirm her fears of not being quite right in the head.
Suddenly, Brielle felt uneasy, her face turning pale. Her fingertips, resting by her side, trembled uncontrollably. "I could never be into you," she forced out.
King, staring at the gift in his hands, simply hummed in response, then asked, "It's getting late, wanna call it a night?"
Brielle's heart twisted at his words, her voice seemingly lost. Her lips quivered, unable to form words, and she turned away in silence, shutting down her computer without waiting for him and heading upstairs alone. King remained seated, watching her leave with a self-deprecating chuckle. Asking that question was indeed self-inflicted humiliation.
Upstairs, Brielle's heart was still racing. She wished she could pound on her chest to slow its frantic beating. Hearing footsteps outside, she quickly slipped under the covers, pretending to be asleep. King came up with a glass of milk, asking, "Want some milk?"
Brielle closed her eyes, pretending not to hear. King, seeing her unresponsive, silently stood for a moment before handing the milk to Isaac.
Isaac was still up, playing with Noir, a bunch of chess pieces laid out in front of him. "Little Cicada, drink up," he said, offering the milk.
Isaac looked up, saw the tray with two glasses of milk, and understood the situation. After finishing his
glass and licking his lips, he asked, "Daddy sleep?" Meaning, should he sleep with him tonight to shelter a heartbroken daddy. 
King simply handed him the other glass, instructing, "Take this to your mommy in the master bedroom. She's still recovering, and there's a bit of a sleeping aid in it to help her sleep deeper."
A good night's sleep was essential
for mental recovery. Isaac obediently took the glass to Brielle's room, hesitating at the door. He felt uncomfortable, unsure of how to interact with Brielle. Calling her by her name felt too informal now. And if she found out about his identity, would she think less of King for not raising him well? Yet, he couldn't call her mommy either. 
Isaac was caught in an unfamiliar dilemma, something he never used to fret over. After a few minutes and a yawn indicating his fatigue, he pushed open the door, barely
vel
managing to murmur, "Brielle net
exhaustion overwhelmed him
blurring his vision. He placed the milk on a nearby table, unconcerned with anything else but his desire to sleep. 
Where's the bed? Finding the covers, he crawled in and fell asleep in less than a second.
###Chapter 1281
Brielle was already awake, thinking King had come back, but when she turned, she found Isaac lying next to her instead. Her body went rigid, a wave of nervousness crashing over her. She had never shared a bed with a child before. What if she accidentally kicked off the blankets and he caught a cold? What if she rolled over him in her sleep?
Her mind raced with worries, but looking at that tiny face, so much like Max's, a surge of affection washed over her. Still, Brielle didn't dare move, as if she were paralyzed.
Luckily, Isaac was fast asleep. If he were awake, he'd be just as uneasy as Brielle, both unsure how to handle the situation. Brielle's breathing relaxed, and soon enough, she drifted off to sleep.
In another room, King was clueless that he had mixed up two glasses of warm milk and was still waiting for Isaac to return. After half an hour with no sign of him, King's brows furrowed in confusion. Could delivering a glass of milk take this long?
He stood up and went back to the master bedroom, only to find Brielle and Isaac asleep, their heads touching. His heart melted at the sight.
He stood there, not moving, his heart aching from the sheer beauty of the moment. King couldn't resist capturing this scene with his phone, thinking it would make the perfect wallpaper.
But as he lifted his phone, Brielle's eyes fluttered open, and she muttered, "The bed's not big enough, find somewhere else to sleep."
All the warmth and beauty of the moment vanished.
King stayed silent, hoping Brielle would change her mind. But Brielle, overwhelmed by sleepiness, drifted off again.
King looked at Isaac, pondering if he could possibly move him without Brielle getting upset. He stood there for an hour, watching as Brielle moved closer to Isaac, leaving ample space on her other side.
Without hesitation, King slid into the bed, pulling them close, and fell into a contented sleep.
The next morning, Isaac woke up first. Startled by the unfamiliar ceiling, he sat up quickly, his face changing colors as he saw Brielle and his dad beside him.
What was going on?
He hurriedly left the bedroom for his
own bed, his face flushed with embarrassment. Back in his room Isaac tossed and turned, feeling awkward and uneasy. He was used to sleeping with his dad and Noir, not like this. 
Isaac was nervous, but that eased a bit when he saw Brielle acting as if nothing unusual had happened over breakfast. Perhaps she didn't realize he had slept there last night.
Brielle, feeling just as awkward, tried
to act calm to avoid making the atmosphere any more strained After breakfast, she presented Isaac with a gift she had bought for him-a LEGO set. 
Isaac wasn't like other kids; he had never tried toys like these before. But since it was from Brielle, he was willing to give it a go.
"Thank you," he said politely.
Brielle smiled, pleased that she had managed to give gifts to both King and Isaac.
"Kiddo, I've got to head to work. You stay here with your dad, and if there's anything you can't figure out, ask him to help you," she said.
Isaac nodded, but before he could even react, he saw King eagerly following Brielle, clearly intending not to stay at the mansion but to accompany Brielle to work.
Catching King's shadow out of the
corner of her eye, Brielle smiled and
didn't . Isaac watched them
leave, feeling not at all lonely with his new toy to keep him company.
en FindNovel
###Chapter 1282
When Brielle walked into the swanky office of Stellar Stage Entertainment's CEO, she was hit with a strange sense of déjà vu. It was only her second day on the job, but something about the place felt oddly familiar.
She organized her desk, glancing over at King, who was sprawled on a nearby sofa, fingers grazing the edge of a book, completely engrossed. Sunlight streamed through the floor-to-ceiling windows, bathing the room in a warm, cozy glow. Donny popped in, ready to brief her on the female streamers' current standings. He handed her a stack of documents, complete with all the rankings.
"Mr. Haywood, take a look. We're about halfway through the selection process, and Leona's way out in front. Her stats are off the charts, and she's got the most followers by far. Her win seems pretty much guaranteed." Brielle suddenly remembered the woman she'd seen buying makeup for her daughter. Wasn't her daughter one of the contestants?
She scrolled down the list until she found Emma's face at the very bottom.
"Why aren't her numbers better? She's gorgeous," Brielle thought, puzzled.
Determined not to miss anything, especially with Stellar Stage Entertainment making a big push into the streaming world, Brielle fired up her computer and began checking out the female broadcasters' streams. Everyone was streaming like their lives depended on it, eager to grab every follower they could. Most didn't have the financial backing that Leona had, making this their one shot at changing their fortunes. But when she clicked on Emma's stream, she was met with a black screen and a "Streamer is offline" message.
"What's she doing that's more important than streaming?" Brielle wondered aloud.
"Mr. Haywood, Emma's family had an emergency. She's at the hospital with them and probably won't be back for a week," Donny explained.
Given Emma's position at the bottom of the leaderboard and the widening gap between her and the other contestants, a week's absence would likely mean elimination. Such a waste, given how stunning she was. Brielle nodded, shifting her attention to Leona's stream. As the current fan favorite, it was crucial to assess her commercial appeal.
Yet, Leona's chat was buzzing with comments about Emma.
"Emma's not streaming again today. Must be too embarrassed after getting called out."
"Embarrassed? The girl who spends her mom's money on luxury makeup? She's got no shame."
"Both of them are thieves. Good riddance."
Brielle's brows furrowed as she turned to Donny. "What's going on here? Is there beef between them?"
Donny quickly explained, "Apparently, Leona lost a gold necklace weighing about fifty grams, and Emma's mom was seen pawning some gold around the same time. Everyone's convinced she stole it."
But Brielle remembered the item Peyton pawned - it was an old bracelet, not a necklace, and definitely not Leona's.
It seemed Leona was using her fan base to cyberbully Emma. Such behavior was unacceptable at Stellar Stage Entertainment.
And yet, the comments continued to
vilify Emma for supposedly living lavishly while her mother appeared modestly dressed. Brielle had her doubts too, given Peyton's humble appearance despite splurging on an expensive foundation for her
daughter. 
But Emma's choice to stay with her mother in the hospital instead of streaming showed genuine care. This merited a closer look.
"No foul play will be tolerated here," Brielle decided. "Get in touch with Emma. Once her mother is well, we'll need her to come in and explain." Donny nodded and went to handle it.
Meanwhile, Emma sat by Peyton's
bedside, guilt etched all over her face. Her mother's accident had happened while out buying makeup - the foundation bottle shattered, and so did Peyton's head, leaving a gash. 
wn
Holding her mother's hand, Emma's eyes welled up with tears. Once Peyton woke up, Emma planned to check if the donations from her stream could be withdrawn. Even if they had to split the money with the platform, the couple of thousand dollars should cover their trip back
home. FindNovel
###Chapter 1283
Five days later, Peyton finally got to leave the hospital.
During her stay, Peyton had been wracked with guilt, especially after hearing that Emma had paused her live streaming to stay by her side and had even borrowed money to make ends meet. Peyton, already emotionally fragile, broke down in tears upon hearing this. Seeing her mother so distraught, Emma felt a pang of sorrow. She gently patted Peyton's back, trying to comfort her. "Mom, please don't cry. I'm really sorry. I shouldn't have dragged you to Beaconsfield without thinking it through. I realize now it was a mistake. How about we go back to town? I'll look for a new job, and about the baby... I'll handle it."
Peyton stiffened, not ready to agree with Emma's plan. She felt a deep sense of anguish, as if she was crushing her daughter's dreams. It reminded her of the time when Emma wanted to go to college. Peyton, out of selfish desire to keep her close, had hidden the financial aid letter. Now, it felt like history was repeating itself.
Peyton's heart sank even further, but she tried to console Emma. "We don't need to rush back. We've already bought these cosmetics; let's at least use them for a few days. Emma, forget all the nonsense I've said before. After facing death, everything seems trivial. As long as you're happy, that's what matters. We've got a place to stay, and with only a couple of weeks left, let's see this competition through. Once you've got the prize money, we can head back home without any regrets."
Deep down, Peyton yearned to return to their small town. But remembering Emma all dolled up and radiant, her heart ached anew. She had never seen such an expression on Emma's face. She had given everything she could to support her daughter's dreams, but life was often cruel and unforgiving. They were just two among countless souls striving hard without direction or becoming weary along the journey. Luck had never been on their side.
With these thoughts, Peyton's heart felt heavy. She held onto Emma's hand with her calloused fingers, afraid to let go. Emma knew they could only settle their debts after the competition ended. Even if they wanted to leave, it wasn't feasible yet.
Returning to their room, seeing the
live streaming setup felt like stepping into a different era, though it had only been five days. Facing the camera again seemed daunting, fearing the return of ridicule and shame. Glancing at the cosmetics on the window sill, her eyes w
up. Those must have eyes welled
cost a fortune,
not to mention the outfits they hadn't had the chance to wear. A
flicker of resolve crossed her eyes.
"Mom, did you like my look that day?"
Seeing her daughter's spirits lift, Peyton couldn't bear to criticize. Despite her belief that such attire was too revealing for their conservative town, she smiled. "Of course, you looked stunning, Emma. It was the first time I saw you so beautiful."
With a deep breath, Emma washed
her face and started applying
makeup again. "I can't let these
cosmetics go to waste. Even if we're leaving, I'll finish the live streams."
it for me,
These next ten days, I'll do it
to enjoy this unique experience. I
must continue." 
Perhaps this was her one chance to truly let loose. Peyton smiled in agreement. "Alright, let's make the most of our remaining days here. I'm going to enjoy the cafeteria food while I can. Once we're back home, we won't have such luxuries."
With their departure looming, Peyton
shed any remaining pretense of sophistication. The cafeteria food was indeed delicious, and in the next ten days, she planned to indulge fully After all, with their time here drawing to a close, there was no point in worrying about appearances anymore. 
###Chapter 1284
Emma finished her makeup, slipped into a new denim crop top, and paired it with low-rise black jeans. She was the epitome of edgy chic, her newly dyed pink hair adding the final touch to her look. Settling back in front of the camera, she composed herself before going live.
Everyone thought Emma had quit streaming for good, but here she was, back again. Today's outfit was as trendy as ever, and she looked more confident than before. It seemed like she had come to terms with not making it through the selection process and decided to
just let loose.
"Let them hate. As long as I get paid, who cares?"
"How dare she show her face again? Unbelievable, the nerve of some people."
"Just look at Leona instead, spreading positive vibes. That's what a real streamer looks like."
"Comparing her to Leona is an insult to our fairy Leona."
Emma scoffed at the comments. "Leona, a fairy? More like a snake in the grass. You should've seen her in the cafeteria, hands on hips, spewing venom. I should've recorded that little show to give you all a glimpse of what your 'fairy' is really like."
The chat went eerily quiet for a moment before flooding with incredulous question marks.
"Do you even hear yourself?"
"Emma's lost it, openly dissing the most popular streamer?! Talk about a death wish!"
"She knows she's not making the cut and has completely lost it."
Emma smirked confidently at the camera. "You're right. I've decided to let loose. No amount of your trash talk can change the fact that Leona is trash."
"A bat with feathers is still a bat."
After her tirade, Emma noticed the chat slowing down and snorted. "If you can't stand me, feel free to leave. Go worship your 'fairy' Leona. Ha, 'fairy' my foot. More like a toad playing dress-up. Can't help but laugh."
The atmosphere in the chat turned even more bizarre. Viewers weren't used to a streamer clapping back like this. Where did this even come from?
Since when do streamers start trash-talking?
Back in her hometown, Emma was known for her fiery spirit. Had it not been for the need to maintain a facade in front of the camera, she would've shown her true colors long ago. Enough was enough. If she wasn't going to make it, she might as well go out with a bang. Why should others be allowed to insult her and her mother without facing any backlash? "Anyone else who dares insult me or my mom gets kicked out."
"Wish ill on me, and it'll come right back at you."
After her declaration, the chat fell silent, despite showing forty thousand viewers.
Peyton, overhearing Emma's outburst, voiced her concern. "Emma, is this really the best approach?"
Her voice made it into the stream, but Emma didn't try to hide it; instead, she reassured her. "Mom, it's fine. We don't owe them anything."
Peyton settled down beside her, out of camera view. "Emma, those makeup products you asked for, were they made of gold or something?"
"Your dad got me a bracelet years ago, and the price of gold has
skyrocketed. I didn't want to tell you because thought you'd feel bad. か
couldn't find anywhere to sell it until I met this lovely lady who took me herself. She even picked out those cosmetics and clothes for you. I'm not comfortable in those fancy places, and those elevators freak me out." 
The chat started buzzing again at Peyton's story.
"Making excuses now? Leona loses a gold bracelet, and suddenly you're pawning gold jewelry? Who can verify that?"
"Are you guys putting on a drama show tonight to gross us out?"
"Someone actually took you, a bunch

of hillbillies to a jewelry store and helped you pick stuff out? As if anyone would waste their time on you, especially dressed like that. They'd probably avoid you to escape the stench of poverty." 
Unaware of the ongoing insults in the chat, Peyton continued, oblivious. "That girl was genuinely kind and mentioned she works with you, saying you'd meet sooner later. She personally helped me
pawn the bracelet, Emma. Don't feel bad about it. I never wore it much; it was more of a keepsake if your dad knew it helped you out, he'd be happy." 
Hearing her mother's words, Emma's eyes instantly welled up with tears.
###Chapter 1285
It had been ages since she last saw her dad. He passed away when she was just a little girl, leaving her to shoulder the family's burdens all by herself.
So, the journey she'd been on wasn't something those keyboard warriors could just bash without understanding.
But now, hearing that someone from Stellar Stage Entertainment was involved, maybe she could find that person to vouch for her.
Taking a deep breath, she looked straight into the camera.
"My mom said the person who helped us worked at Stellar Stage Entertainment. I'll find this employee. And if Leona's gold bracelet has nothing to do with us, then her spilling this in her live stream to set you all on us, wasn't that wrong? Or let me guess, even if I find a witness to prove my mom didn't take her stuff, and she remains unscathed because she never officially accused us, just suspected, she's still your fairy-tale princess, right?"
Her tone was icy, her gaze steady.
"She climbed over me to get ahead, leading you all to cyberbully us that night, gaining over a million followers. It's clear she was in the wrong, guiding public opinion without solid evidence. And now you're telling me I'm at fault, calling my mom and me thieves? Why, just because we're nobodies in Beaconsfield, without any clout? Let me tell you, even if Leona herself showed up here, I'd still call her out - nothing but a damn drama queen!"
After her rant, Emma grabbed her cup and took a leisurely sip of water, then flashed a smile at the camera.
"Got a bit thirsty from all that shouting. No wellness tips today; some folks probably won't live long enough to need them."
Just then, her screen flashed with an image of a castle.
This castle was a top-tier donation effect, even pricier than a luxury yacht gift, costing a whopping $19,999 and it would be announced across the entire platform, declaring who gifted whom this dreamy castle.
Emma froze, almost thinking her eyes were deceiving her.
Until the words appeared at the top of her computer screen.
Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving a Dream Castle from user 0000.
Emma paused, bewildered for a few seconds before frowning.
Who was this?
Dropping twenty grand like it's nothing?
The Dream Castle was the biggest donation, visible in all live streams on the platform, attracting fans from other streams.
Instantly, Emma's viewer count soared to 100,000, with comments flooding in.
"Big spender alert!"
"User 0000, congrats on the windfall."
These were automatic praises from the system, followed by real viewer comments.
"Who dropped the castle? Holy smokes, twenty grand?"
"Who's 0000? Looks like a new account, just registered. Could it be the streamer's family?"
"You must be new here. The
streamer and her mom are from the countryside, total strangers in
Beaconsfield, dirt poor. The el
couldn't afford this." 
With the influx of new fans, the negative comments were quickly buried.
Then they witnessed what it meant to be filthy rich.
Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving a Dream Castle from user 0000.
Repeated four times, meaning this user, without even a proper nickname, had just donated a total of a hundred thousand dollars!! Emma couldn't stay seated any longer, putting down her cup.
"Look, user 0000, you gotta stop. No
matter how much you donate, it won't get me back into the competition. At this point, I'm just sharing the platform's revenue. But still, thanks for the donation Wish you all the best." 
Donations over ten thousand dollars would automatically crown the donor as the live stream's guardian lord.
Up till now, Emma had only one guardian lord, so user 0000's nickname instantly turned gold and appeared on everyone's screen.
Silent and mysterious, yet the online status showed they were there.
Others donating a few bucks would practically beg for the streamer to mention their names over and over.
But this donor remained silent after their grand gesture.
Now, Emma was the one lost for words. A hundred thousand dollars - what did that even mean? Who was this person?
And with those five special effects, the crowd from other live streams boosted the viewers to half a million. Her live stream was suddenly bustling, drawing attention to the streamer herself.
"Damn, look at that outfit! And what a striking presence! How does she not have more followers? Unreal!" "Who is 0000, dropping a hundred grand in less than five minutes?"
"No clue, but did you see the streamer's reaction? She's just as shocked. Must be her first time seeing such a huge donation" 
###Chapter 1286
Emma glanced at the viewer count in her livestream room-half a million. For a moment, she was at a loss. Sure, she'd had thousands of viewers before, but that was mostly due to Leona funneling traffic her way, inviting people to throw shade at her.
But now, these viewers were genuinely drawn in by the dazzling "Enchanted Castle" effects from other streams. They had no clue about her past drama, so the chat was full of compliments about her looks.
More viewers meant more donations, and Emma saw that today's tips, split fifty-fifty with the platform, already totaled over sixty thousand dollars. That was more than she could make in years of foraging in the countryside.
Still, she knew the gap between her and the other streamers was huge. They had hundreds of thousands of fans, while she barely had ten thousand.
Bridging that gap wouldn't happen overnight. But given the chance, given a lifeline, she wasn't about to miss her shot at climbing higher!
Emma took a deep breath, trying to appear calm and collected as she continued her livestream. In just two hours, her followers had surpassed thirty thousand.
Could going viral really be this powerful? It was almost laughable.
On Leona's end, seeing that the "Enchanted Castle" effect had made its way into everyone's streams, she noticed Emma's sudden rise. Could it really be that Emma she knew? It seemed impossible. Who would donate an "Enchanted Castle" to such a country bumpkin? Leona clicked through in a hurry, and what she saw left her in disbelief. Emma's follower count had broken thirty thousand, and her viewer count was an astounding half a million!
Damn it! How did that wretch manage it?
Leona's face soured, but remembering she was still live, she tried to keep her emotions in check. "Wow, Emma's room is buzzing today, huh? Did someone make a big donation or something?"
She chatted with her fans just as one of them returned from Emma's channel, launching into the conversation. "Yeah, someone just dropped a hundred grand in one go. Wonder who that big spender is."
Leona was green with envy. Wealthy patrons like that were what every streamer coveted, and though she herself doled out cash prizes worth several hundred thousand to her fans daily, no one had yet been as generous with her.
Even though she wasn't exactly hurting for money, it still stung. "Really? I'm curious about who that could be."
"Leona, I checked it out. It's a new account, not even verified. No idea who it could be."
A dark gleam passed through Leona's eyes as she pursed her lips. "Could it be some rich kid with no concept of money, just thinking the effect looked cool and clicked on it five times? Some kids do get their hands on their parents' phones. If this blows up, it could spell trouble for Stellar Stage Entertainment too." 
Her words were dripping with sarcasm, but her fans saw her as faultless. "Leona's so kind, even worrying about that. My kid once used my phone to donate thirty thousand to a streamer. I was so mad grounded him, and it took a I month to get the money back from the platform." 
"Yeah, kids these days just don't understand the value of money, especially when they know their parents' passwords."
"My kid did something similar. If it turns out a kid made the donation to Emma, she's in for a heap of trouble."
Seeing these comments, Leona's
lips curled slightly. "Oh, I was just speculating Still, it's nice to see Emma getting donations. She's been lagging behind in the rankings, so maybe this will help her attract more followers. Then she and her mom won't have to go scavenging anymore. I ran into them collecting
leaves the other day."
Collecting leaves, scavenging for treasures. These stories, spun by Leona, had attracted many followers to her.
Now, the mention of collecting leaves again stirred excitement in her livestream. "I knew there was something off about Emma's livestream background. So the leaves were scavenged."
"Leona's so generous, probably helped them collect, too. Can't believe they've stooped that low."
###Chapter 1287
Leona caught the vibe from her fans and quickly flashed a sweet, innocent smile.
"Of course, I tried to help out and pick up the pieces, but Emma wasn't exactly grateful, so I just let it be. But let's drop that now. Her channel is buzzing, constantly chatting about her. Feels like I'm riding her coattails."
Her channel was meant to be a space for chit-chat with fans about anything under the sun, but Leona seemed to be the only one constantly bringing up other streamers.
"Leona's just joking, right? With two million viewers in your channel, why would you need to ride on her fame? She just got lucky, bumping into a big spender."
"Can't wait to see her donations crash and burn."
"Yeah, waiting. No way people actually like her."
Leona couldn't help but beam, "But let's not talk about the bracelet incident anymore. It's water under the bridge. She's got her fans now. Best not to let her new followers catch wind of the past. I mean, I do genuinely find Emma pretty." "But you're cuter."
"And kinder."
"Leona is the best."
The screen was flooded with messages from her fans, peppered with curses aimed at Emma.
Leona was beside herself with joy, her grin uncontrollable as she continued to serenade her audience.
Meanwhile, Emma was all set to share her knowledge on herbal remedies, but the constant barrage of questions from her fans interrupted her flow. She set aside her herbs and dived into addressing their queries.
"What's the deal with Mr. Big Spender? It's his first time in my channel, first time donating. I'm flattered, really, and once again, a big thanks to Mr. Big Spender."
"Will you meet him in person? I thought live streaming was all about connecting online."
A word of caution popped up in the chat, warning her to tread carefully about meeting up with fans, especially the wealthy ones, often
1.n
linked to shady deals. A slip-up could
tarnish her reputation.
Emma quickly clarified, "No meet-ups. After this selection process, I'll probably head back to the countryside with my mom."
"Which countryside?" She
get
apologized, "Can't share that. Just had a go at someone. Wouldn't want the hot-headed ones showing up at my door, right?" 
Her tone was earnest.
The chat burst into laughter.
For a moment, Emma felt a genuine connection with her online audience, a stark contrast to the hostility she'd faced before.
But her optimism was short-lived as Leona's fans began flooding her chat.
"Thief! Shameless!"
"Hope Mr. Big Spender sees this. This woman and her mom are bad news."
"Steals a bracelet and denies it, using her mom's hard-earned money for luxury makeup, ugh!"
Seeing these comments made Emma frown. Amidst the chaos, she decided to link up with Leona directly.
Leona was taken aback by Emma's
bold move, a flicker of surprise crossing her face. But she wasn't intimidated by this "country bumpkin," ready to seize the opportunity to make her look foolish. 
swnovel
Quickly accepting the connection, she faced the camera with a beaming smile.
"Emma, didn't expect you'd want to link up with me. Last time I tried, you declined."
Her eyes shimmered with feigned pity, as though it was all Emma's fault.
Emma, with her distinct look and strong presence, contrasted sharply with Leona's act. Unphased, she retorted sharply.
###Chapter 1288
"Ricardo, what's with the theatrics? Didn't we clear this up already? We said we found your bracelet. Now, I just want you to explain, what's the deal with that bracelet of yours? Before you keep misleading your audience in your streams, let me set the record straight: my mom didn't pick up your bracelet. The gold she pawned was a gift from my dad, and a kind stranger helped her pawn it. I'll find that person someday. But you, what does your bracelet even look like?" The truth was, Leona had made up the bracelet story on the fly. Caught off guard, she hesitated for a few seconds before replying. "It's just a layered gold bracelet, worthless to me. Let's not talk about it, Emma."
Emma scoffed, "Worthless to you, sure. Just like my mom's dignity and our well-being mean nothing to you. Why shouldn't I ask? I'm asking you now, are you certain it was my mom who found your bracelet? We're live, and your every word can be used as evidence." Her words hit hard, and the viewers watching their spat online were thoroughly entertained. It was rare to see someone go head-to-head with a big-time streamer like Emma, directly calling them out.
Leona was left speechless under the pressure, having only insinuated in her streams but never directly accused Peyton of taking the bracelet. That would be spreading rumors.
Seeing Leona's hesitation, Emma pressed on. "Not answering because you know if you explicitly say it was my mom who picked it up, and she didn't, you'll be held accountable for the cyberbullying we've endured, right? Since all you did was nudge your fans with insinuations. Now that I'm confronting you, you've gone mute. Leona, I didn't expect you to be so cowardly, hiding behind your words. Calling you a 'snake' would be an understatement."
Leona was furious but couldn't muster a reply, her confidence crushed. How did Emma become so articulate all of a sudden? Damn it!
Emma, seizing the opportunity while Leona was still silent, continued her barrage. "See, everyone in the stream? She won't confirm it was us who took the bracelet because then she'd have to face the consequences. She doesn't dare say it, so why are you all so convinced it was my mom?"
Leona knew this could tarnish her reputation if it continued. "Emma, I never said it was you who took it. It was just a suspicion."
"Suspect your ass! If it's just a suspicion, then tell your fans that! Can't they just worship the ground you walk on without harassing my streams?"
Caught off guard by Emma's sudden swearing, Leona was boiling with anger but unable to retort. Emma, having nothing to lose since she was already at the bottom, spoke her mind freely. The live chat was buzzing with messages.
"Emma's right, this streamer just spouts nonsense. Now she can't even own up to it?"
"She's been getting a lot of hate for this, didn't even stream for a week."
"What's with Leona acting all innocent? I wish I could jump through the screen and slap her!"
These were Emma's fans, while Leona's supporters accused Emma of being rude and lacking mannerst
Emma, reading the comments, smirked. "You all were disgusting in my stream, should I pull up those moments and throw them in your idol's face?" 
"Emma, I-"
"Don't call me sis. I don't have a vile sister like you. And my mom only has me."
Leona burst into tears, never having been spoken to like this. While she cursed Emma internally, she couldn't voice her thoughts on the live stream, needing to maintain her image. Leona was seething with hatred but then heard Emma go on.
"Leona, are you crying? Really crying, huh? Funny, just asking for the truth, and you feel wronged? I've been harassed by your fans for so long and haven't shed a tear. What right do you have to cry? My mom was hospitalized for a week from stress, and didn't cry. Now a few questions from me, and you're bawling? Ridiculous. I can't stand the sight of you anymore. Stream's over, folks. If you want to comfort Ricardo's precious flower, go ahead. I can't watch this anymore. Goodbye, snake." 
With that, Emma cut off the connection, returning to her own stream, relieved to have finally rid herself of Leona's manipulative
facade, Feeling unprecedented
liberated, Emma couldn't help but revel in the afterglow of her verbal viêtory. 
###Chapter 1289
Peyton was still sitting next to her, tears welling up as she watched.
"Emma, do you think she'll try to get back at us?"
"Mom, relax. If she even tries, we'll call the cops."
Peyton breathed a sigh of relief. "Honestly, I've been wanting to tell her off too. She's such a fake, even worse than the drama queens from our small town."
Their conversation was broadcasted live for everyone to see. It was clear to anyone paying attention that Emma had just put Leona in her place, hinting there was something shady about the whole bracelet situation. "Emma really laid into her! So cool!"
"That was wild and exhilarating! Don't go back to being all meek; showing your true colors will only draw more people to you."
"I'm a masochist, roast me, please! Seriously, hearing you trash-talk is so satisfying."
When Emma saw the last comment, her lips twitched involuntarily. She then noticed her follower count surpassing a hundred thousand and was flabbergasted. What in the world?
Are people's tastes really this twisted now?
Since when does trashing someone attract more followers? What's going on with everyone
Emma was genuinely bewildered, but the surge in followers was a silver lining.
Then, something even more astonishing happened.
"Congratulations, Emma, for receiving a Dream Castle tip worth a fortune." "Congratulations, Emma, for receiving a Dream Castle tip worth a fortune."
The screen was flooded with animations of Dream Castles, almost blinding her.
Rubbing her eyes, her voice trembling, Emma asked, "Can someone help me count? How much is this?"
Initially, the chat was filled with praises for the generous donor, followed by laughter.
"Hahaha, I just love Emma's genuine reactions."
"The look on the streamer's face is priceless. Someone dropping a couple hundred thousand in a single night? Haven't seen that in ages."
"Could this mysterious benefactor also have a thing for Emma's roasting sessions?"
"People with money sure have unique tastes."
Emma was at a loss for words, never imagining she'd see so much money in her life.
She grabbed a glass of water, trying to steady her voice as she took a few sips.
"Dear benefactor, isn't this a bit too much? I... I don't even know what to say, thank you, truly, for your generosity."
Everyone could see that this mysterious donor, now highlighted in gold, was present in the chat but remained silent.
The viewer count had skyrocketed to eight hundred thousand, with her followers now exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand.
Emma took a deep breath and began massaging her face on camera.
"Let me be honest, this level of support is beyond my wildest dreams. Back when I was collecting herbs in the countryside, I never imagined could make this much My dashboard shows I'll receive a share amounting to twelve thousand dollars - enough for my mom and me to buy a small house in town. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart." 
No streamer had ever disclosed their earnings so openly before, as it could lead to envy and resentment.
And indeed, some viewers, not her fans but mere onlookers, began to mock.
"So, the rich fancy this kind of down-to-earth vibe, huh?"
"Guess she's just a small-town girl, probably never even went to college. And she earns a hundred thousand in a day, for what?"
Seeing this comment, Emma calmly
replied, "kdon't know why either. Didn't you see how shocked I was? But still, thank you to our mysterious benefactor. You've practically bought me a house."
She smiled at the camera, forming a heart with her hands, though doubting the generous donor saw it.
Despite always appearing online, there had been no direct interaction with her.
After making the heart gesture, Emma noticed the chat buzzing again.
"Emma's just too adorable, hahaha."
"Could our mysterious donor be a shy guy, too smitten with the streamer to speak up?"
Imagining a stereotypical shy guy with glasses, surrounded by anime posters and leftover takeout, Emma couldn't help but wonder if that was the case.
Indeed, those who collect figurines often have deep pockets.
Yet, as Emma glanced at her
follower count, realizing she needed
hundreds of thousands more to
break into the top three, the dream seemed far-fetched. Despite the unprecedented tips tonight, boosting her followers significantly, climbing to the top would require an even more miraculous stream of generosity. 
It felt like wishful thinking.
###Chapter 1290
When Brielle clocked in for her fourth day at the office, she overheard Donny mentioning that Emma had pulled in a jaw-dropping quarter million dollars in tips in just one night. Emma, who had been languishing at the bottom of the rankings, had suddenly shot up to third
from last, with her fan count soaring to 300,000.
Brielle couldn't believe her ears. Who would drop such a massive tip?
Since tips from fans counted towards the total, the company had no reason to interfere. After all, other employees were still waiting for their shot at such luck.
"How's Emma been doing lately?" Brielle asked casually, noticing Donny hesitating.
Raising an eyebrow, she prodded, "What's up?"
"Mr. Haywood, Emma got into a spat with Leonak during a livestream. Leonak took it pretty hard and hasn't sung in days; she's been moping around."
Leonak, who had always been spoiled and pampered, wasn't used to being insulted. She was itching to tear Emma apart, but Emma had been keeping a low profile lately, only showing up at the cafeteria. Leonak had to focus on her streams. Seeing Emma's fan count skyrocket was a bitter pill for Leonak to swallow. Could this underdog be gearing up for a major comeback?
Even though Emma was still far from the top three, Leonak couldn't shake her unease. Coincidentally, a trending topic caught her eye today.
A ten-year-old had tipped a streamer hundreds of thousands of dollars, prompting the child's parents to call the police.
Leonak shuddered at the thought. This must be the benefactor behind Emma's recent windfall. And if it was indeed a child, Emma was in hot water, especially with the police investigation looming, potentially implicating Stellar Stage Entertainment too. Brielle, of course, had seen the trending news, which had quickly climbed to the top spot, fueled by parents lamenting their kids' reckless spending. The child in question came from a modest background, and the money was all the family had saved. Now, with the mother in tears and on medication, the child's school fees and medical expenses were at stake.
However, when the police approached the tipped streamer, the streamer refused to return the money, claiming it was the tipper's decision to make.
This response only fanned the flames of public interest, leading to a frenzied search for the streamer's identity. But with the police video heavily blurred, identifying the platform, let alone the streamer, proved impossible.
Leonak, gleeful at the news, quickly took to her burner account.
"Isn't this Stellar Stage
Entertainment's Emma? She recently received a mysterious 200,000-dollar tip from a new account. It's highly likely it's her." 
en FindNovel
She even dropped a link to Emma's stream for good measure.
With the mysterious big tipper absent today, Emma's viewer count had dwindled to 100,000.
As Emma fielded questions from her fans and engaged in casual banter, she noticed a surge of hostile accounts demanding she return the money.
Puzzled, Emma wondered if these were Leonak's fans.
But these new arrivals didn't seem to follow Leonak; they were just there to hurl insults and demand repayment.
Emma's loyal followers quickly caught on, some spotting the trending news and briefing her.
"Emma, check out the trending topic. That 0000 boss might be a kid who secretly used their family's savings to tip youIt's now the top story, and the parents have alerted the police. Is it you? The police have contacted the streamer involved, asking for a refund, but they refused." 
"Emma, have the police reached out to you?"
Emma hastily responded, "I haven't heard from the police. If I do, I'll definitely return the money."
She was serious, but those waiting to mock her seized their chance.
"Return it? Like a country bumpkin like you would ever see that kind of money in your life, right? I bet the police did contact you, but you're not telling your fans the truth."
"Yeah, it's too coincidental that you got a 200,000-dollar tip and now it's vanished. Must've been discovered by the parents."
"It's someone's tuition and medication money. Better give it back."
Emma furrowed her brow, taking a deep breath.
"I'll contact 0000 boss right now to see what's going on."
Clicking on the profile of 0000, which featured an ocean as its avatar, Emma urgently messaged, "Boss, is the kid in the trending news you?"
###Chapter 1291
As a streamer, you can reach out to your top supporters, and they even get official notifications from the platform. After receiving a massive donation of $200,000, Emma's follower count shot up to 5,000, mostly her fans. Fans were desperate to contact the generous donor, urging them to speak up. Emma was also trying to reach out, but the viewers could only see her seemingly busy on her stream.
"Is this a scam? Maybe she's just pretending to contact them because she's afraid of refunding the money," one viewer speculated.
Emma looked directly into the camera and responded earnestly, "I've already tried contacting them, but got no response from the account."
"I'll say it again, I haven't received any messages from the police," she added.
Just as she finished, her phone rang, making Emma's heart skip a beat. Could it be?
Her stunned expression only fueled the fire in the chat.
"Gotcha! I knew it. A country girl getting her hands on that much money? No way she'd let it go."
"She really had me fooled."
Right in front of her audience, Emma put the call on speaker.
"Hello, this is Emma."
On the other end was Donny.
"Ms. Emma, this is Donny from Stellar Stage Entertainment. We need you to come to our office. Are you available?"
"Yes, I'll be right over."
The chat exploded with speculation, suggesting the donation had attracted the attention of both the police and Stellar Stage Entertainment. "She's done for. Stellar Stage Entertainment is probably going to blacklist her."
"Yeah, ever since their big reform, Stellar Stage Entertainment has had a solid reputation. They have zero tolerance for this kind of stuff." Emma was worried she might have indeed received a donation from a minor, and that Stellar Stage Entertainment was going to kick her out.
Feeling uneasy, she told her viewers, "I'm heading over to Stellar Stage Entertainment to see what's going on. Like I said, I'm willing to cooperate with any investigation. If it turns out to be a minor's donation, I'll make sure the money is returned." But the chat remained unforgiving, with some viewers even hinting at a backlash that could go viral.
After ending the stream, Emma saw her mom, Peyton, sitting in the living room. Without much to entertain her and fearing trouble from their neighbor Leona, Peyton rarely went out except for meals with Emma.
And she didn't own a smartphone.
Seeing her mother in such a state saddened Emma.
But now, with a potential lawsuit looming, their dream of owning a house in their small town seemed far away.
The prospect of buying their own
place in town had excited Peyton, a status symbol in their community. Returning to their roots with that achievement would've been a story to tell. en FindNovel
But now, seeing the worry on Emma's face, Peyton quickly stood up.
"Emma, what's wrong?"
Seeing her mother, Emma's eyes welled up. She hadn't faced such a situation before and was visibly shaken.
"Mom, there's an issue with that donation. The company has called me in, and I have to go."
Peyton, too, grew anxious, "What kind of issue? What could the consequences be?" Emma looked down, trying to hold back her tears.
"We might end up without the money. The police might demand it be returned."
Peyton's face fell, but realizing the money wasn't rightfully theirs to begin with, sighed.
"Let's see what happens. Just don't get arrested, that would ruin our lives. I'm coming with you."
The thought of facing the police was daunting for Peyton, but she was prepared to plead for her daughter if necessary.
Emma nodded, not wanting to leave Peyton alone at such a time.
Stellar Stage Entertainment was not far, and having learned to hail a cab, Emma took Peyton with her.
If Peyton were alone, anxiety would've taken over, fearing the unknown destination. But with Emma by her side, she felt a bit more secure, gripping her daughter's hand tightly.
"Don't worry, we've lived honest.
lives. As long as we explain things to
the police clearly, we should be fine. You said your company is understanding, they won't make it hard for us." 
Peyton tried to sound confident, but her hands, drenched in sweat, betrayed her nervousness.
Emma took out a tissue, gently wiping her mother's palms.
"Mom, I'm not nervous, so you
shouldn't be either. We still don't know what this is about. If it's indeed a minor's donation,
cooperating with the investigation should keep us out of trouble" 
QUMS
Peyton felt reassured by Emma's words, allowing herself to breathe a little easier.
###Chapter 1292
On the way to Stellar Stage Entertainment, Peyton felt a pang of insecurity as she stared up at the towering building. She clutched Emma's hand tightly, not wanting to let go for even a second. Emma, who had been here before, confidently led the way through the lobby and into the elevator.
As the elevator started moving, Peyton's face turned pale. She remembered her last elevator ride here, which was over in a flash. "Emma, is there something wrong with this elevator? It was so quick last time, and now I'm feeling a bit dizzy." Peyton was clearly scared and nervous, her nerves stretched to their limit.
Emma quickly reassured her, "Last time, we were going to a lower floor, so it was faster. This time we're heading all the way up, so it'll take a bit longer. Mom, try not to worry."
Peyton took a deep breath and stayed close to Emma.
Reaching the top floor, Peyton let out a sigh of relief as the doors opened.
As they stepped out, they saw Brielle in the midst of a meeting with the executive team, discussing Stellar Stage Entertainment's latest plans.
Seeing Brielle's face, Peyton couldn't contain her excitement. "The kind lady! Emma, it's her!"
Before Emma could intervene, Peyton walked straight up to Brielle.
Brielle, holding documents and exuding a cool professionalism, was surrounded by executives who were visibly cowed by her presence.
"Alright, Mr. Haywood, we'll make sure to handle this," she said, her focus entirely on the matter at hand.
Unaware of her own intimidating work persona, Brielle was surprised when a plainly dressed woman approached her, eyes shining with gratitude. "Auntie!" Peyton exclaimed, visibly more relaxed upon seeing a familiar face.
Brielle smiled, "Auntie, what brings you to Stellar Stage Entertainment? Shouldn't you be resting at home if you're not feeling well?"
The security guards, initially moving to intercept, stepped back upon seeing Brielle engaging warmly with the woman, a detail only Emma noticed along with the deference the suited executives showed her
mother's savior. 
Peyton, usually shy around strangers, was remarkably at ease with Brielle.
Wiping away tears, Peyton shared her worries, "Oh, it's about my daughter. She received a donation of two hundred thousand, and we were overjoyed. But then the company called, and I feared we might've gotten into legal trouble. I was so anxious, I had to come here. We thought we could finally afford a house in our little town, but now that's on hold. I'm just relieved my daughter's okay, but I'm still unsure of the situation. Could you, being the kind soul you are, perhaps inquire with your superiors for me?" 
Peyton shared her concerns in a rush, tears streaming down her face.
Brielle raised an eyebrow, amused by the situation, as the executives around her couldn't help but find the misunderstanding funny-Peyton was unknowingly speaking to the top executive herself.
Trying to console Peyton, Brielle
offered a tissue. "Auntie, there's no
need to worry. The donation to Emma wasn't the issue. It came from an account overseas, not from someone local, so don't jump to conclusions." 
Peyton froze, quickly wiping her eyes. "Are you sure? You're not just saying that?"
Brielle nodded, smiling gently, "Yes, your daughter's donation is perfectly fine. After the buzz it created, the company has already thoroughly investigated."
###Chapter 1293
Peyton was over the moon and quickly spun around, calling out to Emma.
"Emma, come here! This lady said our tips are totally fine, no lawsuits or anything. The company's looking for you because of something else."
Emma, standing a bit away, wasn't as clueless as Peyton. She recognized the suits surrounding Brielle as Stellar Stage Entertainment's top brass, having seen them before during her visits to the company. Anyone who could make the executives bow and scrape like that had to be at the very top.
Seeing Emma hesitate, Peyton hurriedly closed the gap, dragging her over.
"Leona accused us of stealing her bracelet, remember? Well, it was this lady who helped me sell my bracelet last time. She even took me to a place to pawn gold. And all your makeup and clothes? She helped me pick them out. She mentioned she works at Stellar Stage Entertainment and said you two would meet eventually. I just didn't expect it to be this soon."
Peyton grew more excited as she spoke, but her eyes were still red from crying earlier. Brielle took in Emma for the first time, noting her striking looks and bold fashion sense. Emma had a healthy, wild beauty that felt oddly comforting.
Brielle nodded slightly, "If it suits you, that's what matters."
Emma was at a loss for words until Donny, the agent who had lectured the streamers before, approached. Seeing Brielle, he greeted her.
"Mr. Haywood, is the meeting over?"
Hearing "Mr. Haywood," Emma stiffened. That was Stellar Stage Entertainment's President-Brielle. Within the company, Brielle was almost a legend. Though Emma had spent little time at Stellar Stage Entertainment, whenever employees mentioned the president, it was always with high praise.
The company had a notorious past, mistreating artists and engaging in unsavory practices, earning a terrible reputation. But since Brielle took over, she cleaned house, firing more than half of the executives and installing a suggestion box in the lobby. Any executive reported would undergo a thorough investigation, making the current executives very cautious.
Brielle's name was almost mythical within Stellar Stage Entertainment, revered by streamers. Not just for being a woman achieving what even men couldn't, but for her sheer influence. Emma had heard snippets about her, but the attitude of the executives said it all. 
But Emma never imagined that the person who had kindly taken her mother to a gold shop and helped her choose cosmetics and clothes would be Brielle, the high and mighty president. When she and her mother first arrived in Beaconsfield, they had encountered Leona, who made things difficult for them, demeaning and mocking them. Brielle was different-breathtakingly beautiful and genuinely kind-hearted. 
She must be what they call a real-life fairy.
At that moment, Brielle looked over and extended her hand politely, "Nice to meet you."
Emma, flattered but quick to respond, extended her hand in return. "Mr. Haywood, nice to meet you."
Peyton, unfamiliar with corporate titles, didn't realize "Mr. Haywood" was Brielle's title and thought it was her name. She was thrilled because her daughter wouldn't have to face a lawsuit. "Emma, this is the kind soul I told you about. I'm so glad we ran into her so soon. She can vouch for us against Leona, who's still using that incident to tarnish us. I genuinely pawned my own gold."
Emma wanted to tell her mom to hold back, that this person was the president. But then Donny spoke up.
"We came to talk to you about this very issue. The company won't stand for such malicious competition and will find a way to clear things up." After enduring so much criticism, it was time for the company to take action. Emma was even more shocked; it wasn't about the tips after all. Brielle gestured towards her office, her tone neutral, "Let's talk inside."
Once inside the office, Peyton saw Brielle sitting behind an elegant desk, the leather chair looking quite upscale. Only then did she realize she might have overstepped earlier, suddenly feeling awkward. 
###Chapter 1294
Emma was momentarily frozen, her gaze inexplicably drawn to the floor-to-ceiling window.
There, a strikingly handsome man sat, as captivating as Dustin had been when she first met him. He seemed oblivious to the office's hustle and bustle, his eyes occasionally drifting towards Brielle.
But Brielle hadn't noticed; she was focused on the documents in front of her. When she finally looked up at Emma, Emma stiffened, like a deer caught in headlights.
Sensing Emma's discomfort, Brielle softened her tone. "I've heard about the situation with Leona. Next time you go live, the company will put out an official statement explaining the bracelet issue and the donations. I heard you've been getting a lot of flak in your live streams?"
Emma nodded, "Yeah, everyone's asking if the cops have been in touch, but honestly, they haven't."
Brielle pondered this for a moment before explaining, "Don't worry about it. Any donations over a thousand dollars get immediately verified by the company. The account that donated to you was registered with an overseas address, so we can't track down more specific info. But as long as they're willing to donate, that money is rightfully yours."
Emma's face lit up with gratitude, surprised by Brielle's approachability. "Thank you, Mr. Haywood. I appreciate it."
Brielle flipped back to a previous page, reviewing Emma's performance metrics. "I see you're currently ranked twenty-third. If you keep up this trend, breaking into the top three isn't out of the question. You're quite photogenic, perfect for a leading broadcaster. But as much as I admire you, I can't just hand you success; it has to be earned. However, I'm curious about your relationship with your mother. She dresses simply, yet she's spent quite a bit on you."
Peyton, who had been silent until now, stepped forward. "It's not like that, Mr. Haywood. My daughter, she's been nothing but good."
Peyton shared bits about Emma's schooling and her own health struggles over the years, ultimately relying on her daughter's care, before sighing deeply. "I don't know why people say she's leeching off me. If anything, I've been a burden on her. But she's all I have. If I were gone, who would look after her?"
Brielle hadn't expected their journey to be so filled with hardships. Still, the principle remained: success must be earned.
"We've got a good grasp of your situation. Don't let this distract you from your streaming. You've found a style that suits you; whether you make it into the top three depends on how well you can attract foflowers." 
Emma nodded, taking Peyton with her as they left, still a bit dazed. Outside, Peyton clutched Emma's hand excitedly. "Does this mean we're closer to fixing up our little house back in the town?"
Emma beamed, "Yes! We are! Mom, let's keep streaming and see if luck's on our side. If we really make it into the top three, we'll have even more options."
Peyton was visibly moved, though her eyes reddened with emotion. "That's wonderful."
After they left, Brielle returned her focus to the documents in front of her. King stood up from his spot near the window, approaching her. "Any issues with the account?" Brielle shook her head, then quickly shifted the topic. "You mentioned having leads on my family. Where are we with that?"
King hadn't expected her to cling to that topic but saw it as an opportunity to discuss the Lynch family. Seating himself beside her, he delved into the Lynch family's story, watching as Brielle absorbed the information in silence, 
After a while, she asked, "So, my family's wealthy, is that what you're saying?"
King, worried she might be overwhelmed, was about to reassure her when she inquired, "Does that mean we can buy back Premier Palace soon?"
If her family, who had been searching for her, was indeed affluent, acquiring Premier Palace shouldn't be a problem, right? King found himself at a loss for words, a twinge of unease in his heart. Regardless of where Brielle's memory paused, her sincerity towards anything related to Max remained unwavering.
###Chapter 1295
Brielle sat there in silence, leaving King completely in the dark about what she was thinking.
"Brielle."
King finally asked the question that had been eating away at him.
"Are you interested in buying Premier Palace because of me, or because of Max?"
Confusion flickered in Brielle's eyes as she glanced at him.
"King, does it really matter? Aren't you and Max the same person?"
King was visibly shaken, staring at her in shock. Brielle's confusion seemed genuine; she even reached out and touched his forehead, as if checking for a fever. "Why are you asking such a question?"
She had her own secrets, a side of herself she was too scared to show Max. She understood the need to hide parts of oneself. Max had shown his hidden side, while she still struggled with being completely honest. Her fingers continued tapping away on the keyboard, her brow furrowed in concentration. Would Max turn away if he knew her other side? She couldn't risk it.
King sat beside her, utterly dumbstruck. Brielle had always seen him and Max as separate, always wanting Max back and wishing King away. But now, she firmly believed they were the same person. Why?
King was genuinely puzzled but chose to stay quiet, sitting beside her. When Brielle got engrossed in her work, he stood up, saying he needed a smoke.
There was a smoking area on that floor, and he found himself standing alone in the empty hallway, her words echoing in his mind.
"Aren't you and Max the same person?"
Could it be that Brielle, after being hypnotized by Myles to forget her past, also forgot her feelings? If she now believed he and Max were the same, did that mean her love for Max was also love for him? King lit a cigarette and took a slow drag. Max's voice, which he hadn't heard in a long time, suddenly filled his mind.
"She hates the smell of smoke."
A wave of emotion hit King hard, his heart aching as he struggled to calm down. Nicotine was his go-to for solace. "I know, but I can't help it right now."
Max went silent after that. King had
so many questions, wondering if
Max, always so rational, had
foreseen all of this. Had Max intentionally given up control so he could find the truth? Was Max also waiting for their reconciliation? 
King was out of his depth; he knew how to deal with threats and find physical pleasure, but these intricate emotions were new territory. He chose not to ask, focusing on his cigarette instead. 
After several smokes, he cleaned the scent from his fingers in the restroom and checked for any lingering smell before heading back to the office.
That's when a woman, probably
from Stellar Stage Entertainment or another company, approached him her perfume lingering in the air. Her high heels wobbled, and she leaned toward him. King, acting on instinct, steadied her. 
The woman, here for negotiations, looked up at King, her eyes flashing with admiration.
"Mr. Dorsey."
She was undoubtedly attractive, a star in her own right, her allure undeniable. Just as King let her go, he saw Brielle at the office door, unsure how long she had been watching.
The woman seemed to recognize Max and kept trying to get closer. King's expression turned cold. He brushed past her and strode towards Brielle.
But Brielle had already entered the elevator, closing the doors right in front of him. King panicked, frantically pressing the call button.
When the elevator doors reopened, he saw Brielle still emanating a chill. He hurriedly explained.
"Little Canary, she tripped and fell into me."
Brielle stayed silent, her mind racing back to the scent of another woman's perfume she had detected on him.
###Chapter 1296
Brielle stared down at the elevator floor, pressing the close button with a determined finger. The elevator started its slow descent, holding just the two of them in its confined space. Brielle was so furious her fingertips were trembling. As soon as the elevator doors opened, she stormed towards her car, eager to get home now that the workday was over. Earlier, she and King had arrived together in the same car. Now, she quickly got in and, without waiting for King, locked the doors from the inside.
King, left standing outside, gave a forlorn look and tapped on the window, hoping she'd reconsider.
But Brielle didn't even glance his way. She stepped on the gas, and the car peeled away from him.
King was left standing alone in the vast expanse of the underground parking lot, too stubborn to leave, convinced that Brielle wouldn't actually leave him behind. However, Brielle was serious this time. She floored it all the way back to her place.
Back home, Isaac was playing with Noir, their dog. Noticing Brielle's solo return, he asked with a puzzled look, "Where's Daddy?"
Brielle stiffened. Now that her anger had cooled off, regret began to seep in. She sank into the couch, her eyelashes casting shadows on her cheeks.
Isaac could only guess that a fight had happened. He fiddled with Noir's ear before approaching Brielle.
"Brielle, don't be mad," he said, opening his palm to reveal a small candy.
Brielle was taken aback, her heart melting at the gesture. She quickly unwrapped the candy and popped it into her mouth.
"Thanks, buddy. I feel a lot better now," she said, her mood visibly lifted.
Isaac wanted to suggest bringing Daddy back, but the words got lost in his throat when he met Brielle's gaze.
What if Daddy was the one at fault?
Unable to resist, Brielle pulled him into a hug. "Buddy, I wonder who your mom is, to have such an adorable kid. Don't worry, if King took you in, we'll treat you like our very own."
Isaac thought maybe letting Daddy cool off outside for a while wasn't such a bad idea.
Feeling slightly awkward in her embrace, he nonetheless stayed put, not pulling away.
After a moment, Brielle released him. "What do you want for dinner? I'll cook."
Isaac was surprised; he didn't know she could cook. Daddy probably hadn't had a homemade meal in a while.
He managed a small smile.
King waited in the parking lot for two hours, becoming increasingly chilled, but Brielle never returned. She'd really left him? 
Disheartened, he made his way out of the parking lot. The sight of the dark sky mirrored his mood perfectly.
He began to wonder if his eagerness had pushed Brielle away, making her take his presence for granted.
But how would he know that Brielle's fear of losing him was the cause of her actions?
He thought he was too enthusiastic,
making her feel like he couldn't without her, which is why she,
swnovelt
seemed so cold towards him now. 
She wasn't like this with Max.
Jealousy over Max gnawed at him!
Fine, he decided, he wouldn't return home tonight. That would show her.
Just then, a message from Isaac popped up on his phone.
Daddy, Brielle said she's cooking dinner tonight.
King paused, his resolve faltering.
Maybe teaching her a lesson could.
wait. Afte
wasp ne
always at her beck
all, making here bet
could be postponed. 
With mixed feelings, he replied to the message.
Save some for me, I'm on my way back.
###Chapter 1297
After Peyton and Emma got back to their room, Emma remembered Brielle's advice about growing her fan base. Without wasting any time, she jumped back on her live stream. Her chat room was buzzing. Everyone was eager to know how she handled the donation issue. Among them were plenty of Leona's fans, just waiting to see Emma mess up.
Leona was still live, chatting about the hot news with her followers. The top trending story was about a kid who donated a huge sum to a streamer who didn't give it back. Rumors were flying that the streamer was none other than Stellar Stage Entertainment's Emma. As the drama grew, Emma got hit with a wave of insults the moment she went live.
Seeing Leona's fans in her chat, Emma scoffed. "Leona's fans again? Can't she just stick to her own stream? Am I really that much of a threat to her, even with my low ranking? She must be seriously insecure."
"Did she spew more gossip? That's all she's good at."
"And remember, a snake's always a snake."
After dealing with Leona's fans, Emma turned to her own supporters, who had genuine questions.
"Emma, I saw a lot of hate on social media. Tell me it wasn't you. If a kid really donated, especially if their family's struggling, you should give the money back."
"Yeah, we know times are tough, but you can't keep that money."
Emma smiled. "I just got back from the company. They confirmed the donation came from an overseas account. It's not from a local kid, so I can relax."
"Why did the company call me in? Remember when Leona sent her fans to bully me online? The higher-ups found out and said they'd clear things up. Turns out, the colleague who helped my mom works for Stellar Stage Entertainment, and we got in touch with her." "Thanks for all the concern, everyone. I've been trying to reach the owner of the 0000 account, but no luck so far."
Emma's relaxed demeanor was a far cry from her earlier anxiety. But many in the chat still thought she was faking it.
Leona, who was watching Emma's stream, couldn't help but chime in. "What a joke. If she's so innocent, why hasn't the company reached out to me, the top-ranked streamer? They must've sent the police to her, not company reps."
Leona's words fired up her hundreds of thousands of followers, who were even more determined to take action against Emma.
"This Emma has no shame. She's clearly guilty and just won't admit it."
"Let's report her to Stellar Stage Entertainment. It's disgusting how she won't return the money, claiming she met with company officials when it was probably the police." en FindNovel
Still smarting from a past
humiliation by Emma, Leona saw this as her chance to get back at her. As the insults toward Emma As piled up, Leona felt a twisted sense of satisfaction. en FindNovel
With a sly grin, she kept stirring the pot. "Honestly, if I were Emma, I'd probably want to keep the money too. Didn't she say it was enough to buy a house back in her hometown? Everyone's selfish to some degree. Anyway, I'll check on that kid's mom who filed the police report. If she really needs the money, Lan donate. It's just a few hundred thousand dollars, no big deal for me." 
Leona's comments sparked a wave of support in her chat.
"We've definitely backed the right person. Leona, you're truly kind-hearted."
"This is what a positive influencer looks like."
"It's because you're so nice that Emma walked all over you."
"Let's not waste any more breath on that country bumpkin. It's bad luck."
The mood in Leona's stream lifted significantly, but after half an hour of bashing Emma, something felt off.
The once lively chat had gone silent. Just moments before, her followers were eagerly joining in on the ridicule, but now, not a word.
Puzzled, Leona asked, "What's going on? Why's everyone so quiet all of a sudden?"
Her stream, usually a frenzy of activity with over a million viewers, was eerily calm.
Then, a well-meaning viewer chimed in, "Stellar Stage Entertainment just released a statement."
###Chapter 1298
Leona furrowed her brow. A statement from Stellar Stage Entertainment? Could it be about the tipping drama with Emma?
A grin quickly spread across her face. "I knew it! The company had to step in. Emma might be refusing to return the money, but Stellar Stage Entertainment has a great reputation. They wouldn't let one of their streamers get away with something like this. Emma definitely crossed a line, forcing them to make a statement."
"Do you guys know why I joined Stellar Stage Entertainment in the first place? It's because the atmosphere here is top-notch." Leona, feeling victorious, puffed out her chest and continued. "But seriously, what Emma did was over the top. All she had to do was return the money, and now she's probably going to get kicked out."
Leona expected her chat to blow up after her comments, but the atmosphere remained eerily silent. No one echoed her sentiments. The smile on her face faded as she asked uneasily, "What's going on? Why isn't anyone talking?"
Suddenly, the chat sprang to life, but it wasn't her fans who were speaking up.
"LOL, today I learned what digging your own grave looks like."
"Leona's not wrong, Emma did step on Stellar Stage Entertainment's toes. Looks like the company had to act."
"Stellar Stage Entertainment's vibe really is something else, LOL. I bet Leona hasn't even read the statement. Her comments just backfired."
"Epic live streaming fail, can't stop laughing. She looks like a total fool right now."
Seeing these comments, Leona's face paled. Was the statement not about the tipping incident? She quickly checked Twitter's trending topics and found Stellar Stage Entertainment's official statement, which was already buzzing with comments. The statement clarified two points.
First, Emma's makeup was bought with her mom's bracelet, not a bracelet as previously thought, and it was her mom who made the purchase without Emma's knowledge. The viewers' slander was baseless, and Leona, accused of inciting cyberbullying, would lose a quarter of her points and be muted for a day.
Second, the news about a ten-year-old child tipping a streamer wasn't about Emma. The tips received by Emma came from an international account. Stellar Stage Entertainment warned that it would sue those spreading rumors to protect its artists.
The statement cleared Emma's name but dragged Leona through the mud. Emma's mom indeed pawned her own bracelet, not a child's trivial savings. With these clarifications, coupled with Leona's recent live stream comments, she appeared both foolish and malicious. Her live stream was now flooded with over three million viewers, all there to witness the debacle.
"LOL, can't stop laughing! Her smug ranting just got uploaded, what a fake."
"An angel? My foot! So malicious, blaming it on a bracelet when it was a heartfelt sacrifice by someone's mom."
"Emma faced so much cyberbullying because of your casual snark."
"A schemer, no angel at all, such an embarrassment to women!"
Leona, now facing a backlash far worse than Emma ever did, was in disbelief. The tipping drama had hit the top of the trend lists, attracting even more viewers. Leona was petrified, clueless about what to do next. As she recalled her recent remarks, she was on the verge of tears.
Her attempts to end the live stream
were clumsy, and her tearful breakdown was captured and mocked by everyone. Emma's follower count had dropped by over two million, leaving her with three million-still in the lead, but declining. And with the incident trending, it was dubbed the most spectacular fail in history. 
Leona's comments were edited into
numerous videos, earning a notorious title. Tea Talk. Reviewing Leona's comments since she started streaming, targeting Emma, all were manipulative, leading to severe cyberbullying against Emma, whose mom even ended up hospitalized for a week. Throughout that week, Emma didn't stream. Who wouldn't feel sympathy? 
Accusations flew, pinning the blame on a girl just trying to make her way out of a small town, utterly
defenseless against theet
Leona, overwhelmed by the criticism, was too scared to stream again, her face drained of all color. How did it come to this? How did
everything flip upside down so suddenly?! She just couldn't accept it!! 
###Chapter 1299
Next door, in her own little corner of the livestream universe, Emma had no idea that the officials had already dropped a statement. She was busy reassuring her fans, her voice a cocktail of gratitude and a touch of sadness.
"Hey everyone, seriously, it's all good. Looks like our journey might be wrapping up sooner than I thought. I never imagined having so many of you cheering me on, and for that, I'm deeply thankful. When I first landed in Beaconsfield, I was super cautious. The thing that sticks out the most is that $35 bowl of beef noodles. It was the priciest meal I've ever had. I'm not trying to milk sympathy here; it just blew my mind. After that, I figured it was time to bring my mom over, let her see a bit more of the world."
"I owe a lot to Stellar Stage Entertainment, and especially to Aubree. Aubree is just... well, she's Aubree. I ran into her back in my hometown, and it was her agent who thought I had the look for streaming and brought me here. She's been my fairy godmother. And when my mom was in the hospital, and I was scraping the bottom of the barrel for money, I swallowed my pride and called Aubree. Without a moment's hesitation, she lent me a hundred grand. She's not just beautiful; she's got a heart of gold."
"And about why I was over at Stellar Stage Entertainment today? Turns out, the person who helped my mom sell her bracelet was none other than the CEO of Stellar Stage Entertainment, my big boss-Brielle. The company noticed the flak I was getting online, and since Mr. Haywood was the one who helped my mom with the jewelry store, they decided to clear the air. You guys are surprised? I'm still pinching myself, thinking this is all a dream."
Emma wasn't much of a talker, especially since she didn't have many friends back in her village. School wasn't any easier, with her mom to take care of and hardly anyone willing to get close.
But meeting Aubree and Brielle turned out to be the luckiest breaks of her life.
As Emma shared her story, her eyes started to mist over, but she stubbornly looked up at the ceiling, willing the tears away.
The moment Leona ended her stream, over three million fans flooded into Emma's stream, just in time to catch her heartfelt revelations. Some couldn't hold back their tears.
"I'm bawling over here. As someone who also made it out of a small town to go to college, I totally get where Emma's coming from. Always feeling like you're walking on eggshells, scared of being laughed at. My first time in an elevator, I had no clue what to do, just cautiously watched others to see how it's done."
"Tears streaming down my face. Thought I was the only one. My first day at university, faced with an eight-story building and never having used an elevator, I was too embarrassed and ended up climbing the stairs to avoid making a fool of myself. When a classmate caught me and asked why, I just said I wanted to exercise."
"Back home, I was from a town known for its hotpot, but I never had one until university. Our first class gathering was at a hotpot place, and I didn't even know how to mix the sauces. Had to sneak peeks at others to figure it out." "Stop, you're gonna make me cry."
"Poverty can really make you feel inferior. But don't worry; we're with you all the way."
Emma thought she was going to
break down, but she managed to et
hold back the tears. Reading the comments now, she felt nothing but moved. 
Then, the screen started to explode with special effects.
**Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving the Dream Castle gift.** **Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving the Dream Castle gift.** **Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving the Dream Castle gift.** **Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving the Dream Castle gift.**
**Congratulations, streamer Emma, for receiving the Dream Castle gift.**
Twenty special effects notifications blared one after the other, signifying twenty Dream Castles. That's a whopping four hundred thousand yuan. 
Emma, who had been holding back was utterly flabbergasted
her
by the ower of Dream Castles
Four hundred thousand.
Four hundred thousand?!!
###Chapter 1300
The chat room was in chaos. Tears and laughter mixed together as a cascade of dazzling effects lit up the screen, leaving everyone in awe. Some viewers even rubbed their eyes, unsure if they were seeing things right. "Did I just see twenty effects flash by?"
"0000, you're the real MVP, a true patron."
"Emma deserves this. Finally, someone's treating her right."
"Top donator and his fierce lady love?"
"Damn, who's cutting onions in here? I'm not crying, you are!"
Emma herself was stunned by the twenty effects. She took a moment to gather her thoughts, just about to say thank you, but the donations kept pouring in non-stop.
From initial cheers of "Big spender!" to a more bewildered, "How many is it now?"
No one could keep track of the total donations by the end of the night. Glancing at her revenue share, Emma could hardly believe her eyes-over two million. Meaning, 0000 had donated at least four million.
Four million.
Emma's jaw dropped in shock. The viewer count skyrocketed past ten million, then climbed to twenty million.
The allure of wealth was undeniable, drawing in masses from other streams.
Her follower count exploded, surpassing a million and ranking her second.
"Does 0000 own a gold mine? I counted, and tonight's donations are around eight million."
"Eight million, more than most people make in a lifetime."
"Spending eight million on donations, just who is 0000?"
"Didn't Emma say it's an overseas account? So, some foreign tycoon?"
"I can't believe it. Emma was just talking about a $35 steak, and then bam, showered with donations. It's like 0000 heard her and felt for her. I'm loving this!" "Emma can now enjoy her steaks without worry."
Emma was still in a daze, her follower count continuing to rise, now at two million, solidly in second place.
After a while, she snapped back to reality and pleaded, "Enough, really, this is too much. Even if you sold me, I couldn't make this right. I'm already second, please, no more." 
en FindNovel
Her voice had a hint of panic, fearing she might have stirred up trouble.
Her authentic reaction had her fans chuckling.
She glanced to her right, where the donor's status still showed online. Emma attempted to connect live, but there was no response. The anticipation in the chat room was palpable; everyone was eager to hear 0000's voice.
Swallowing nervously, Emma faced disappointment as the call went unanswered. A hint of sadness crossed her face, but then she received a direct message from 0000. 
In a meeting.
A meeting?
Could this patron be some corporate mogul in real life?
Emma continued to thank her audience, eyes brimming with emotion.
It felt like a holiday in the chat room as donations hit ten million.
The event even made it to the trending lists, with the headline-"Mystery Patron Donates Ten Million."
Screenshots of Emma's stream, with its blinding effects, went viral.
Donating ten million in a stream? Who could afford such generosity?
Emma's popularity surged, with many drawn to her stream out of curiosity. They found her confident and engaging, especially now that she had ascended to second place. Her confidence and positivity were
infectious. Content were
In just three days, Emma's followers exceeded four million, securing her a debut spot with Stellar Stage Entertainment as a leading streamer.
As for Leona, previously number one, her followers continued to dwindle, dropping to two million within a week.
Thus, Emma not only maintained her second-place ranking but jumped to first, a turn of events no one had anticipated.
Even Brielle was surprised when Donny informed her of Emma's comeback. She raised an eyebrow before checking the overseas account. Donating ten million?
Only a magnate could manage such generosity.
###Chapter 1301
With a light laugh, she thought it was probably for the best. After all, she did like Emma's looks, and now, she herself seemed like a completely new person, glowing with health. She was definitely a great fit to be the lead broadcaster. After giving Donny some quick instructions, and as soon as he left, King walked out of the lounge.
Brielle had been napping in there too, but work at Stellar Stage Entertainment, while not heavy on major decisions, kept her busy with a bunch of little tasks.
Right now, King was sitting on the couch, looking a bit down.
Brielle figured he might be feeling cooped up, spending every day with her at work without seeing anyone else. Maybe he was bored?
Still, she didn't want him mingling with other people. It was better to keep him close, to avoid situations like that woman who had openly flirted with him last time. Lowering her lashes, Brielle realized she sometimes wanted to keep him all to herself, just like he wanted with her.
"King, are you bored? How about we go out for dinner tonight?"
Lately, they'd been eating at the mansion, usually driving home together after work, where the flirting continued both in the car and at home.
Life was smooth, but seeing the frustration on his face made her a bit anxious.
She worried he might find this routine boring and think about leaving.
At the mention of eating out, King's eyes lit up. If he wasn't mistaken, this was the first time Brielle had suggested going out to eat. Was this a date?
Brielle started looking up restaurants online, but the good ones needed reservations way in advance. They were left with more average choices.
She frowned, reluctant to settle for something basic.
Suddenly, she felt a bit hypocritical. During her days at the orphanage, she ate whatever was available, just happy to have food. But with King, she wanted to give him the best of everything. So, taking him to these average places didn't feel right.
King, unaware of Brielle's internal struggle, stood up.
"Where should we go?"
Just as she was about to mention a restaurant, he suggested, "How about fast food?"
What?
Brielle narrowed her eyes, thinking he was joking.
But King was serious. "I see how hard you work; I'd feel guilty spending your money."
Feeling a sudden burst of
generosity, Brielle stood up. "Let's go to the mall first and get you a gift, then we can decide on a restaurant."
King's heart leaped with joy, though he kept a cool exterior. "That might not be a good idea."
Shopping at the mall was a treat even King hadn't experienced.
A smile tugged at his lips.
Brielle couldn't stand the thought of him feeling neglected, but remembering the woman who had flirted with him, her mood soured.
"If any woman tries to throw herself at you this time, make sure to dodge."
King looked at Brielle skeptically, wondering if she really didn't like him. Why else would her possessiveness be so strong? But he stayed quiet, just standing by her side, waiting.
That night, they had dinner at home,
elne
enjoying a meal she had cooked
herself which left him feeling blissfully content for quite some
time. 
If only time could stand still at that moment.
BUMS
But then he remembered, his aunt's medicine should be almost ready. Soon, after taking it for a while, Max would come back.
He lowered his lashes as they headed downstairs and got into the car.
Brielle noticed him gazing out the window, silent, and felt a pang of unease.
She knew it wasn't right to cling so tightly, but she wished for his attention to always be on her, soothing her insecurities.
At the mall, she first hit up a tie shop, buying ten ties in one go, then moved on to a men's clothing store.
Usually, King's clothes were custom-made by designers who came to measure him, so he never worried about shopping.
But now, with Brielle picking out clothes for him, he almost felt like he was floating on air.
This happiness felt so fragile, like it could pop at any moment.
Carrying over twenty luxury shopping bags, they drew a lot of curious glances.
Since Brielle was paying, King stuck by her side, letting her drape clothes over him to check the fit.
As they were about to pay, they
overheard someone whisper, "Being handsome sure has its perks,
attracting such a beautiful, wealthy woman to take care of him." 
###Chapter 1302
King raised an eyebrow, casting a glance at the two gossiping nearby.
Brielle had overheard their conversation too. Even though she delighted in shopping for him, their disparaging comments made her quite displeased.
The speaker was a young woman, accompanied by a middle-aged man with a noticeable belly-old enough to be her father. Yet, she affectionately called him "darling" while occasionally rolling her eyes at Brielle. The man she was with looked the part of a nouveau riche, his fingers adorned with chunky gold rings, his face shiny with excess.
Upon seeing Brielle, his eyes lit up, but then he coldly snorted upon glancing at Max. His companion followed suit with another eye roll.
"To think a man could accept such humiliation, truly a sign of the times," the woman sneered.
King, still holding his shopping bags, might have thrown anyone else provoking him straight into the ocean to feed the sharks, but somehow, he found their taunts amusing. "Brielle, they're saying I'm living off your money, huh?" he joked, a hint of mirth in his voice.
Brielle, partly annoyed yet amused, finished her transaction and grabbed his wrist.
"We've been at it all day. Tired? Let's grab something to eat."
King wasn't really tired; browsing through the stores was a new thrill for him.
Passing a toy store, Brielle picked out several LEGO sets for Isaac, who had completed the last one and displayed it proudly in his room. It was clear he cherished them. King felt a warm surge in his heart, seeing her thoughtful gesture for Isaac.
Back in the car, King placed the bags down and pulled her into a hug.
Yet, Brielle was uneasy, worried about the impact of those harsh words on King. After all, for a man of his caliber, was it really okay to be seen as lesser in a relationship? She feared her actions might lead to his affections waning.
Her insecurities about their relationship made her overthink every little reaction from him, tiring herself out with worry.
King, holding her close, smiled, but Brielle gazed out the window, contemplating how to keep him without constantly fearing his departure.
Upon arriving at the mansion, Brielle had the bags brought inside and then asked King, "Are you unhappy?"
King was taken aback. Why would she think that?
He was overjoyed with her gifts, but he too pondered if he was being too eager, possibly making Brielle take him for granted.
Both harbored fears of the other leaving, suppressing their true feelings.
Caught off guard, King was unsure how to respond. Brielle mistook his silence for confirmation, her eyes welling up as she forced a casual smile. "It's fine. Whether you're happy or not doesn't really matter to me. I don't like you that much anyway, so whatever."
With that, she walked away, leaving King grasping at nothing as she shrugged off his hand.
"Today was just a whim; I've never really shopped like this before. Now that I can afford it, I wanted to try everything I missed out on," she added, her voice trailing off. 
King stood frozen, watching the servants continue to haul in the shopping bags, the fleeting happiness now gone. Entering the mansion, King pondered if his eagerness was causing Brielle's mood swings.
He recalled her interactions with Max, always shy and tender, unlike the ticking time bomb she seemed to be with him.
After dinner, Brielle handed the LEGO to Isaac, who instinctively thanked the man on the sofa.
Brielle headed upstairs to bathe and sleep, leaving King alone with hisz thoughts on the sofa. Isaac sensed another argument had occurred, puzzled by the complexities of adult relationships. 
"Daddy?" Isaac approached, but before he could offer comfort, he heard King solemnly advise, "Cicada, remember, whether you're a man or a woman, don't be too forward
Being too eager devalues you' 
Isaac pursed his lips, staying silent as King leaned back, his gaze drifting upstairs.
After an hour, once Isaac had returned to his room, King slowly made his way to the master bedroom.
The bed showed a small, curled figure-Brielle was already asleep.
The bathroom mirror was fogged up with steam; she had taken her shower.
As King changed clothes, he tentatively mentioned, "A friend invited me out for a drink."
###Chapter 1303
Honestly, he didn't really have any friends around here. If he did, they were more Max's crowd. He and the locals of Beaconsfield barely knew each other. Brielle stayed quiet, just wrapping herself tighter in the quilt.
King stood by the bed in silence for what felt like forever, waiting for her to say something. When she didn't, he started to change into his going-out clothes. "I'm heading out, won't be back tonight."
Still, Brielle said nothing.
Annoyed, King slipped into his suit. "Nice suit, isn't it? Fits me well. Probably going to turn some heads tonight."
The unspoken message being, if you don't stop me, someone else will catch my eye tonight.
Brielle, however, kept her eyes shut.
Knowing she wasn't asleep and seeing her so indifferent, King just smirked bitterly.
He finished dressing, pulled open the door, and left the bedroom.
As soon as the door clicked shut, Brielle's eyes flew open.
She sat up, finding the room empty.
Hurrying in her slippers, she opened the door to check what was happening, nearly bumping into King who was on his way back in.
King had indeed changed into a suit and seemed surprised to see her out of bed.
"What are you doing up? Weren't you sleeping?"
Brielle saw him head towards the phone on the counter, realizing he had come back for his forgotten mobile.
Her heart skipped a beat, and in a clumsy attempt to cover up her concern, she said, "Just felt a bit thirsty all of a sudden."
"Oh."
King's response was nonchalant as he grabbed his phone and headed downstairs.
Since the kitchen was on the first floor, Brielle followed him down, sneaking peeks at him. He was taking forever to put on his shoes, nearly ten minutes, and still not ready.
Brielle's action of filling a glass with water was equally slow, as if the faucet dripped one drop at a time.
After finally getting his shoes on, King checked himself over, though he should've been out the door within a minute. But with Brielle staying silent, he lingered, waiting to see if she'd ask him to stay.
By the time Brielle had her water and started back, her eyes stayed glued on King so much that she missed a step on the stairs.
King, already frustrated, stormed out the door, radiating anger.
Only then did Brielle look back, but it
was too fate. She missed her step, tipping sideways, then fell, the glass shattering on the floor with a sharp sound. 
The broken pieces cut a gash in her palm, blood flowing instantly.
King, who hadn't gone far, heard the crash and froze, quickly turning back.
Upon opening the door, he found Brielle slowly getting up from the floor, her hand bloody.
His eyes narrowed in concern, forgetting everything else as he rushed over.
"Brielle!"
Her face showed no emotion, but inside, she felt a wave of relief.
Thank goodness, he hadn't left.
King scooped her up and gently placed her on the couch.
The cut was deep, and he quickly rummaged through the medicine box for first aid, then carried her to
the car, heading to the hospito
stitches. 
The coldness emanating from him showed his frustration at their earlier spat.
for
Seeing him grip the steering wheel till his knuckles turned white, Briette managed a small smile and leaned back feeling oddly comforted rather than in pain. 
She liked seeing him worried about her.
Arriving at the hospital, King rushed in with Brielle in his arms.
The doctors, thinking it was a severe accident, were surprised to see it was just a hand wound, though still taken aback by King's urgent demeanor.
King was beside himself with worry, turning pale at the mention of stitches, and kept reminding the doctor during the procedure.
"Be gentle."
"Hey, hey, gentle, she'll feel it."
Sweat beaded on the doctor's forehead, thankful it was only five stitches, else he'd have been more unnerved by this anxious husband.
The nurses nearby chuckled, amused by the scene, and once the stitching was done, they couldn't help but comment.
"You two have such a strong bond."
Another nurse complimented Brielle, "You've got a good man. Some husbands think their wives are just being dramatic even in labor pains."
###Chapter 1304
Hearing that, Brielle's lips curved into a smile. By now, King had already stepped into the hallway, listening to the doctor go over some precautions. Surrounded by a few nurses, Brielle found herself the center of their praises for King. Her eyes sparkled with amusement, especially when one nurse remarked, "I can't shake the feeling I've seen you before. Your face seems so familiar."
It was because Brielle had once been the talk of the town, her face splashed across newsfeeds for a while. Anyone who kept up with the news would remember her.
Wanting to avoid drawing more attention, Brielle got up. "Thank you, but I should be heading back now."
Just then, King returned, startled to find her standing. "Brielle, sit back down!"
She froze for a moment, but in the next second, King was by her side, turning his back to her. "I'll carry you back."
Despite her usually thick skin, even Brielle found herself blushing at such a fuss.
The nurses, trying to stifle their giggles, quickly excused themselves.
Brielle shot King a playful look of annoyance. "It's my hand that's hurt, not my legs. Get up."
King frowned but then scooped her up in his arms. "Then I'll carry you back. You should move as little as possible."
King was genuinely worried, cradling her close without a care for the onlookers, and marched down with her in his arms. Snuggled in his embrace, Brielle closed her eyes, feeling a profound sense of security.
Once in the car, King held her tightly, too worried to think of anything else.
Brielle remained silent until the car stopped in the driveway of their mansion, neither of them making a move to get out.
After a while, King finally moved his stiff hand. "Truth is, I don't really have friends in Beaconsfield. Saying I was going out for a drink was just a fib." Brielle, not much older than twenty herself, was at a loss on how to hold onto someone, just like King had once been.
But this reminder made her recall how childish they had been acting back at the villa.
Feeling reassured, she silently leaned her head against his shoulder.
King looked down at her, a pang of something tugging at his heart.
He had been so focused on what he could get from this version of Brielle, he hadn't considered that maybe she was in need of something too.
Stuck in his ways, he was at a loss as to what she might want, and Brielle wasn't the type to voice her needs directly. Both stubborn, they'd hit the wall hard before realizing it was time to change their approach. Nestled in his arms, Brielle was on the verge of sleep.
She knew she had her faults, today's incident wasn't solely on him.
Yet, seeing him so eager to apologize, a part of her felt uneasy.
He gently placed her on the bed in their master bedroom.
Taking her hand, he stared at the
bandaged wound, seeing nothing et
but still looking for several minutes. Stent belongs to
"Brielle, get some sleep," he urged.
Now, lying in bed together, King instinctively held her close, mindful of her injury.
Brielle, unconcerned about her hurt, snuggled closer and drifted off.
King, though, stayed awake long into the night.
He might be thick-skinned, but he wasn't a fool.
Something was off with Brielle;
nevolné
had once said, "Aren't we all the same person?" But the Brielle he knew didn't seem to think that way. 
Now, she seemed convinced they were the same person.
King Brielle
bad
bet
whyered, if the young
ever felt a spark for Max,
fadn't she question seeing his
again in that alley?
"Are you really Max?"
"Do you have a twin brother?"
She had never asked such questions; she just disliked him, yet still called him Max.
Eventually, he couldn't take it anymore and had her call him King.
And she did, obediently, from then on.
Looking at her peaceful face now, King couldn't help but brush her hair behind her ear.
If she truly despised him, she wouldn't be sleeping so soundly by his side, would she?
Why had such a simple realization taken him so long?
King smiled, carefully drawing her closer.
He didn't ask for much, just a small place in her heart was enough for him not to desire anything more.
Now, it seemed he had achieved that, feeling an overwhelming sense of happiness.
But what did Brielle want?
That was something he struggled to understand.
What could possibly be the heart's desire of Brielle, not yet twenty?
###Chapter 1305
King found himself drifting into memories of Brielle. She'd always been somewhat overlooked, had few friends, and was far from home. It seemed like all she wanted was to buy back Premier Palace, right? But the truth was, Premier Palace had never been sold. His reluctance to visit was purely selfish.
Would she be happier knowing Premier Palace was still theirs?
King wasn't sure, but he figured he'd better check with Brielle's best friend tomorrow.
The next morning came.
After making sure everything was set, King gave Isaac detailed instructions to keep a close watch on Brielle. Given her injury, it was crucial she stayed indoors.
Isaac silently walked King to the door, his demeanor calm but attentive.
"Alright, cricket, I'm off then," King said, trying to ease the tension.
Isaac nodded and waved goodbye.
King lingered for ten minutes, feeling uneasy about leaving Brielle alone for the first time in ages. But he knew he had to see Aubree.
Aubree was surprised when King reached out to her. As they sat in the café, her eyebrow arched when King asked his question.
"What did Brielle want most back then?"
She thought for a moment, recalling Brielle's excitement about becoming an exchange student, which coincided with Lillian's birthday party.
Brielle, always top of her class, was the obvious choice for the exchange program. But when she shared her news with the Haywoods, their reaction was lukewarm at best.
"Yeah, yeah, an exchange student, got it. Now, help with these flowers, it's Lillian's birthday."
The Haywood mansion was swathed in flowers, not for Brielle's achievement, but for Lillian's birthday. Brielle's hard-earned opportunity was overshadowed by Lillian's celebration. That night, Brielle turned to Aubree for solace.
"Brie, if you weren't engaged to
Spencer, what kind of guy would you want to be with?" Aubree had asked, already deeply in love with Andrew, despite his lukewarm reception of their first intimate encounter 
QUMS
Brielle, bound by her engagement to Spencer, had always kept a respectful distance from other men. She didn't ponder long before answering.
"I'd be with someone who truly loves me."
Her tone was casual, yet her eyes, red from the day's disappointments, hinted at her vulnerability.
Aubree chuckled, "And how would you know if someone loves you?"
"Their eyes," Brielle replied firmly. "Just by looking into their eyes, I can tell if they love me."
Her conviction was tinged with sadness, aware that the Haywoods' adoration for Lillian far outweighed their affection for her.
"Aubree, I'll choose someone who loves me the most because that's the only time I can choose my family."
Her last words were heartbreakingly poignant.
Aubree understood then that the Haywoods' neglect made Brielle yearn for attention she never received, always remaining an
outsider, even to Spencer, her fiancé,
who showed Lillian unwavering
affection. 
"I hope to be the exception in someone's life, not just part of the backdrop," Brielle had confided, fearing she might always be overshadowed, even by someone like Lillian.
Now, facing a young Brielle, King
realized she craved attention more than anything else, a stark contrast to his previous belief that she
sought freedom above all, given her pleas for him to let her go.
After sharing these insights, Aubree quietly sipped her coffee, leaving King to his thoughts. In that moment, he deeply resembled Max.
Leaving the café, King mulled over Aubree's words.
"Maybe it's love, attention she wants. She said she'd marry someone who only had eyes for her."
Only had eyes for her?
It dawned on King that he might just be that person.
###Chapter 1306
He was head over heels for her, never even glancing in another woman's direction. If Brielle needed love and attention, he was ready to give her everything she had been missing, unreservedly. But how could he make her feel cared for if she was constantly on an emotional rollercoaster, filled with insecurities? Brielle, at this point, was fragile, littered with scars. King finally understood what Max had once said-Brielle was deeply insecure. Especially when it came to love, she was a coward. Even after she had built a strong facade in her professional life, with Max, she always prepared herself for the possibility of being left alone. Deep down, she believed that no one, especially not someone like Max, would want to spend a lifetime with her.
When King returned to the estate, he found Brielle playing in the garden with Isaac, with Noir sprawled before them, occasionally rolling around in delight. Brielle was petting Noir's head, a smile playing on her lips, "This fur is so shiny." Isaac was busy assembling a set of toys Brielle had bought for him, ranging in size. At the moment, he was focused on a miniature potted plant.
Catching King approaching out of the corner of her eye, Brielle looked up and joined him on the ground, her tone casual. "Brielle." "Hmm?" Turning to face him, she listened as he earnestly suggested, "Let's move to Premier Palace."
A flash of surprise crossed Brielle's eyes, quickly followed by confusion, "I thought Premier Palace was sold? How did you manage to buy it back?" King had lied before, and now, he had no choice but to continue. He always felt that perhaps the Dorsey family, or not bringing her to Premier Palace sooner, were her insecurities. He could give her everything she needed, without holding back.
"Didn't you say your family got in touch? They helped us buy it back, saying it was..." He trailed off, feeling a bit embarrassed, avoiding her gaze. "As our wedding home." His voice was so soft that Brielle had to lean in closer to hear. "King, what did you say?" Clearing his throat, King pulled her to her feet, "It's nothing. You wanted to move in, right?"
Brielle's eyes lit up, and she hugged him tightly. "Yeah! Can we move tonight? It's bigger there, right? I've never been, just heard about it. You have no idea how the media used to talk about Premier Palace, saying it was the house you carefully selected for your future lady, where you, your wife, and kids would live."
Premier Palace was indeed special, located at the heart of everything, making it conveniently accessible. It had always been Max's residence, so when they returned to Beaconsfield without entering Brielle felt uneasy. She always suspected there might be hidden obstacles to her relationship with Max. Or perhaps, he hadn't fully accepted her in his heart. That
second thought was too painful to bear, even in contemplation.
After Brielle finished speaking, King appeared visibly uncomfortable, his neck flushing red. Without facing her, he glanced away, his ears also turning red, "If you if you..." Before he could finish, Brielle, overwhelmed with excitement, rushed inside, leaving behind, "Then I'll start packing!"
King stood there, massaging his
temples, his gaze meeting Isaac's. Isaac, who had dropped his building blocks in surprise, looked at King with confusion. Seeing that King hadn't 't proposed, Isaac breathed a sigh of relief, picking up the blocks from the ground. That was close, he thought. He almost proposed without even having flowers or a sparkling gem-encrusted wing, like what Kailee loved. Brielle would surely say no. 
Though he didn't fully grasp adult matters, Isaac remembered Kailee's words: "Women always need one more dress in their closet, one more piece of jewelry on their shelf. How's that? Shocking enough with these wings? Cost a fortune, I tell you. Next party, I'm wearing these, and those socialites will be green with envy. Hahaha." 
Now, recalling her almost demonic laughter, Isaac was convinced-without flowers or bling, King stood no chance.
###Chapter 1307
King had no idea his son had been thinking about all this.
Damn it.
Why was it so hard to say "honeymoon suite"?
What's the big deal?
He cleared his throat and walked back into the living room. There was Brielle, already busy directing the staff to pack things up, looking eager and impatient. Honestly, this was the happiest he'd seen her since they got back to Beaconsfield.
Really? Just a Premier Palace and she's this thrilled?
What goes on in Brielle's mind at her age?
He couldn't help but smirk a little.
Leaving the rest to the moving company, Brielle, King, Isaac, and Noir all piled into the car, ready to head over first.
There were still a lot of people at Premier Palace, including Wesley.
For some reason, even though she'd never been there before, Brielle felt an odd sense of familiarity.
The couplets by the door, the big lanterns in the yard, even the smiling butler.
But this familiarity didn't bring comfort; it sparked panic.
She'd heard from the Dorsey family that Max's Premier Palace was cold and uninviting, more like a hotel than a home.
But this Premier Palace was different; even on the way in, she could sense the warmth inside.
Brielle's body grew colder, her steps more rigid.
Her eyes involuntarily landed on Isaac. Could Isaac's mother have lived here?
Of course, Max had a child; how could he not have had other women in his life?
Maybe he had a mistress hidden away here.
Her initial excitement vanished, replaced by memories of what the Haywood family had said before she left for abroad. "Come pick flowers; today is Lillian's birthday."
"Brielle, why are you so thoughtless? You need to give in to Lillian, understand? You're the older sister after all."
"Brielle, don't mess with that; it's a gift for Lillian. Your gift is over there."
"An exchange student? Sure, but if you're not coming back for over a year, let's give your room to Lillian. Her clothes are piling up, and don't worry, we'll restore it to how it was before you return." Brielle's mind was a whirlwind of chaos, so much so that she didn't want to move forward anymore.
But then she felt warmth spread from her hand; someone had taken it.
She turned to see King looking at her worriedly.
""Not feeling well?"
"No, just didn't sleep well."
Once inside, Brielle didn't wait for the movers to bring in the stuff but hurried towards the master bedroom.
She didn't even notice how she knew where the master bedroom was.
Lying on the bed, she blinked her sore eyes, hearing the noise of moving outside, and rubbed her temples. Taking advantage of the solitude, she opened the wardrobe.
Half of it was filled with women's clothes, and they were styles she liked too.
Brielle stiffened, a cold sweat breaking out on her palms.
King walked in, familiar with the
place through Max's memories, but
felt
g it with his own but
body
. 
The windowsill, the bathroom, the bed, those scattered memories kept dancing in his mind.
He gently closed the door and made sure it was locked before walking over to scoop her up.
Brielle instinctively wrapped her
arms around his neck, and as he placed her on the windowsill, a flush of embarrassed memories made her stiffen, looking up at him in disbelief. 
SV
But then came his searing kiss, leaving her breathless. She trembled slightly, her cheeks flushing with lack of oxygen. She pulled the curtain next to her, blocking out half the sunlight. King chuckled softly, pulling her closer into his embrace. "Does being here make you feel better?"
Brielle nodded, not quite understanding the flash of
memories just then, but regardless, the fact that Max wanted to
bring
her here was special. 
She felt reassured and somewhat moved.
"Mhm."
King, seizing the moment she was distracted, successfully wrapped his arms around her waist.
Brielle, a bit embarrassed, pulled more of the curtain behind her.
###Chapter 1308
King wrapped up later than usual this time, and during the interim, Wesley had dropped by to invite them out for dinner.
King, pressing his hand over Brielle's mouth, his brows creased in silent struggle, warned in a hoarse tone to the figure outside, "We're resting tonight, no dinner for us."
To put it accurately, they were already indulging in their own way.
Hearing that, Wesley's face flushed with embarrassment, and he quickly made his way downstairs, only to be greeted by a familiar little face that mirrored his boss's. His heart nearly melted on the spot. "Young master, do you fancy this dish? Eat up, it'll help you grow tall."
Since Isaac wasn't quite the social butterfly, Wesley, upon realizing this, had dismissed most of the staff from the Premier Palace.
Isaac, now quietly slicing through his meal with a knife and fork, glanced upstairs to see no one coming down and continued to eat in silence.
Wesley was more excited than if he were holding his own grandson. Where did the boss find such a child, bearing such a striking resemblance to him? It gave him an immense sense of fulfillment, almost as if he was taking care of a young version of his boss. After finishing his meal, Isaac went on to feed Noir.
The scenery within the Premier Palace was even more beautiful than the newly acquired manor, not yet as perfected as this place. Noir seemed to enjoy playing around here immensely.
And it appeared particularly fond of the lanterns hanging in the yard, which Isaac recognized as the kind Australians hang during New Year celebrations, though they hadn't been taken down yet. Even the festive banners on the door were a tradition among Australians for the New Year.
Having never visited Australia before, but knowing a bit about it from his dad, Isaac found his experience here quite different.
He couldn't help but walk over to Noir, toying with its ears, prompting Noir to stand on its hind legs, reaching for the lanterns.
Wesley, following quietly behind the boy and his leopard, explained, "Ms. Brielle was the one who hung those up. I thought they looked pretty, adding a bit of festivity to the place, so I never took them down. They're kept clean, and if you like, young master, I can hang up a few more." Hung by Brielle?
A flicker of surprise crossed Isaac's eyes as he remembered the man he had met once, who looked so much like his dad but with a somewhat different demeanor. His lips pressed together in thought. If that man wasn't his dad, he found it hard to dislike him, yet calling him dad didn't quite sit right either.
What a contradiction.
They roamed around until late before Noir seemed satisfied enough to head back.
Noir still shared the room with Isaac, but Isaac found himself restless, tossing and turning. He kept replaying his dad's actions in his mind, wondering if he was planning to propose to Brielle.
If they got married and had a marriage certificate, he'd have to call her mom.
Ah, how embarrassing.
He silently prayed that Brielle wouldn't accept too quickly.
Next door.
Brielle was too exhausted to even keep her eyes open, yet the person beside her was still full of energy. She frowned, attempting to push
him away, only to hear him whisper,
"Little Canary, you're the met
me. 
His head gently rested on hers, his movements never ceasing.
"Only you."
one for
Brielle's body stiffened, warmth spreading from her feet to the top of her head. Joy, excitement, a whirlwind of emotions filled her chest.
It had been a while since he had
been so upfront about his feelings. Back when he used to confine her, he would declare his love daily, which made her increasingly uneasy lately, especially since they hadn't been to the Premier Palace. She
feared he might have other options. 
But now, hearing these words again and being at the Premier Palace, her uneasy heart felt securely grasped.
After a moment, she softly gazed into his eyes. "Max, really?"
Lately, she had always addressed him as King because calling him Max displeased him. She didn't understand why he insisted on this, but she disliked upsetting him.
She even wondered if she was what
people referred to as "blinded by love," always wanting to tie him down to her. But if his return was an equal measure of love, an equal inability to part from her, wasn't that the definition of a two-way street? 
Right?
She locked eyes with him, unwilling to miss any flicker of emotion.
King's gaze softened, pulling her closer, "Yes, really. Max loves you and only you."
Brielle finally relaxed, her lips curving into a smile as she hugged him back.
"Then I'm relieved."
King chuckled softly, pondering if her momentary peace meant he had found his direction. These past days without her slapping him felt oddly lacking, almost making him miss it.
###Chapter 1309
The whole ordeal lasted the entire night.
When Brielle woke up and caught sight of the ceiling, she paused for a moment. Why did it look so familiar?
A hand was draped across her waist, and she was still nestled in his embrace. Her phone buzzed on the nightstand, flashing a call from the bigwigs at Stellar Stage Entertainment, announcing it was time to sign the official contract for her streaming gig. Brielle sprang to her feet, but the sight of the handsome figure sprawled on the bed made her hesitate. Just seeing his face every day was enough to make her happy.
Attempting to get dressed, her legs gave out, nearly sending her tumbling to the floor. Thankfully, a strong hand caught her from behind. "Headed to the office?"
"Yeah, the streaming deal is all set. Plus, Stellar Stage Entertainment's planning a few reality shows. I need to check out the schedule."
And with Stellar Stage Entertainment signing new talents left and right, she needed to review them as well.
King lowered his gaze, his lips brushing against her shoulder, where traces of the previous night still lingered. A gentle bite sent a shiver through Brielle's body. If Max tried his hand in the entertainment industry, he'd leave no room for anyone else. He was just too handsome. "Max, you coming with me?"
King hugged her tightly, then let go. "I'd love to, but I've got to sort out the luggage from yesterday. Come back soon."
Brielle's cheeks flushed as she feigned nonchalance. "Okay, wait for me at home."
She emphasized "at home," feeling a sense of belonging despite her initial discomfort with the decor. But after spending a night here, it felt right.
Rushing out, she bumped into Isaac in the yard, busy with the lanterns. He seemed to have a thing for these traditional Australian decorations. Her heart melted on the spot.
She rushed over and scooped him up. "If you like these lanterns, we can hang more for New Year's."
Isaac's eyes sparkled, his cheeks flushing with excitement. "Really?"
"Of course, little cicada. Whatever you want, just tell me or your dad."
Missing out on watching him grow was a regret, but missing out if he was her own would be even harder. No mother wants to miss her child's growing years.
Isaac smiled shyly, then looked away. "I want five."
Pointing at the lanterns, Brielle was smitten. "No problem! Fifty! Even five hundred!"
Just as she was about to add more, her phone rang again with a call from Stellar Stage Entertainment, forcing her to leave Isaac and head to the office.
Upon arriving, she met Aubree first. Aubree noticed the marks on
Brielle's neck and raised an eyebrow. Whether it was Max or King, things seemed intense. Didn't anyone suggest Brielle wear a scarf, or was it intentional? 
"Bri, seems like your love life's going well. I'm swamped over here."
Brielle glanced at Aubree's packed schedule. Being the hottest actress came with its demands.
"Aubree, if you're feeling
overwhelmed, why not join a reality show? Stellar Stage Entertainment.is funding travel-based show. It's
basically stars eating and drink net
their way through a trip, gaining followers and sparking
conversations, all on the company's dime. How about it?"
Aubree's interest was piqued, but the thought of actress drama dampened her enthusiasm. "I'll think about it."
She yawned and settled on the
couch, falling asleep within a minute. Brielle started sorting through the day's documents.
Emma was confirmed as the fol net
streamer, while Leona had fallen from grace, losing her star status amidst a sea of online hate.
Reviewing another file, Brielle's interest was caught by Ricardo. Having recently seen his movie, she recognized his talent. Ricardo remained an enigma, always keeping a low profile. She covered the sleeping Aubree with a blanket before going to meet Ricardo. Finding him in the tea room, she greeted him, "Ricardo."
He looked up, his smile warm. "Mr. Haywood."
His charm was undeniable, surely he'd have been the campus heartthrob anywhere.
"Mr. Haywood, I need to discuss something with you, some personal matters."
###Chapter 1310
**Personal issues? Romantic troubles? It seemed odd to discuss such matters with an assistant, yet here we were.**
Brielle was about to turn and greet Aubree when she overheard Ricardo saying, "Aubree hasn't had a good night's sleep in days. Let her rest; I'll only take an hour of your time."
With Ricardo and Aubree being the golden geese of the company, along with Keiran, their popularity was enough to dominate the entertainment industry. Naturally, Brielle couldn't afford to overlook them. "Alright, let's go."
Ricardo watched her step into the elevator, a fleeting, deep look crossing his eyes.
*So gullible.*
Had Aubree not let it slip, he wouldn't have known that Brielle's life experiences had somehow regressed a few years.
She was now just a recent college grad. Though she still had the same work ethic, she was undeniably too young.
Ricardo lowered his gaze, turning to look at the sunlight outside.
He remembered something Brielle had once said about standing in the sunlight. But was it really possible to stand in the sunlight?
This period felt like a beautiful dream, but all dreams must come to an end.
Inside the elevator, Brielle urged him, "Ricardo, what are you daydreaming about?"
Ricardo tossed his plastic cup into a nearby trash can, a youthful and sunny smile on his face.
"I'm coming."
Downstairs, Ricardo took the wheel himself. Through the rearview mirror, he noticed Brielle looking out the window without a hint of suspicion, prompting him to ask. "Mr. Haywood, do you remember Mark from the orphanage?"
Brielle paused, then lowered her lashes.
"I do. Mark was so kind to me. It's been a long time since I visited. Now that I've found my love, I should really pay him a visit, along with the kids at the orphanage." Ricardo, gripping the steering wheel, had a complex look in his eyes.
*A pang of guilt.*
"The weather's nice today, Mr. Haywood. How about I join you for the visit?"
Brielle was surprised. Ricardo, a star, knew about the orphanage?
Ricardo glanced at the rearview mirror again. "A friend of mine also came from that orphanage. Let's pay a visit."
Brielle felt reassured. "I keep thinking there's something wrong with my memory. Now that I'm making money, I should have immediately thought to donate to the orphanage. But when I got my first paycheck, it didn't even cross my mind. I feel so guilty." The drive to the orphanage was a long one, given its location on the outskirts.
Half an hour into the drive, Ricardo suddenly stopped the car.
Brielle thought he was stepping out for a smoke, but instead, Ricardo opened the back door.
"Mr. Haywood, do you have Mr. Dorsey's number? Give him a call first."
Brielle, puzzled, did not refuse but took out her phone and dialed King's number in front of Ricardo.
King, pondering over where to hang an ancient painting, softened at her call.
"Brielle?"
"King, I-"
She barely got a few words out before Ricardo took the phone from her hand.
"Mr. Dorsey."
He called out.
King's eyes narrowed, gently placing the painting down.
"What's the matter?"
"I'm Ricardo."
"I can tell.
advise you not to do
you'll regret. There's a
ahead of you; no need to
return to old paths." FindNovel
Ricardo chuckled, his fingertips tapping on the car.
"Mr. Dorsey's right. But if both paths are blocked, perhaps it's time to consider a third."
King wasn't alarmed, his gaze sharp. "Let's hear it."
He sat down on the couch, already using another phone to have his people trace Brielle's location.
"Mr. Dorsey, don't bother. I have a bit of a reputation on the European hit list. If I sense anyone after me, I' ensure Mr. Haywood and I make a swift exit. You'd lose more than you'd gain." en FindNovel
Brielle watched Ricardo, feeling the aura around him change. *Menacing and eerie.*
Her brow furrowed,
memories of
him wielding a knife in a frenzied attack flashing through her mind, her face turning pale. She raised a hand to her forehead, only to see Ricardo looking her way, offering her a bottle of water. 
Brielle didn't drink, the unsettling flash leaving her deeply uneasy.
###Chapter 1311
Ricardo leaned in closer to the phone, his voice steady and deliberate. "Mr. Dorsey, I've got a proposition for you." King signaled for his people to back off, his tone cool and measured. "Alright, but you've got to ensure Brielle's safety." "That goes without saying. After all, Mr. Haywood is my bargaining chip here."
Ricardo's presence seemed to soften as he pulled a sleek dagger from his sleeve, his eyes sharp as ever. "Previously, Mr. Dorsey, you and the Lynch family took down the compound together. But I've recently gotten a call from the Professor. The survivors from the compound have sought refuge with someone else someone you're quite familiar with, who seems to know you inside and out."
King's eyes narrowed slightly, his fingers tapping gently on the armrest of the sofa, revealing the pale skin of his wrist. "Ever since you thwarted Ronald's scheme, your father, the former King of Saudi Arabia, has vanished. Although the Lynch family managed to capture the butler, Seamus, the Professor somehow slipped through the net. And now, with Ronald under your control, the Professor has reached out to me, using what I care about most as leverage."
Ricardo's tone turned colder. King remained silent. He had vetted everyone around Brielle thoroughly, unable to bear the thought of her facing any more danger. That's why he felt safe bringing his team here.
He was aware of Ricardo's past, but since Ricardo had retired, he should have cut all ties with the compound. Why the sudden change of heart?
"Mr. Dorsey, you're well-informed. You've probably dug up everything there is to know about anyone close to Mr. Haywood, including me. You spared me before, trusting me. Mr. Haywood has been good to me, and I couldn't bring myself to betray him. But I hope you can sort out the issue with your father."
"Ricardo, what exactly are they using to blackmail you into coming back into the fray?"
After a pause, Ricardo finally said, "My sister's remains."
King's fingers stilled, a wave of nausea sweeping over him. Blackmail with a body? How?
"Mr. Dorsey, you know the type of people at the compound. Desperate, easily brainwashed by their obsessions be it family, love, or money. The Professor took care of my sister's case back then and personally oversaw her burial. Only now do I learn he's been using this tactic to bind people to him, and the bodies he buried have all been exhumed, preserved as if they were merely sleeping. If I don't comply, can you imagine what he might do
to a little girl's body?"
The mere thought was enough to break anyone. Ricardo leaned back against the car, suddenly looking drained.
"I've learned that he's aligned
himself with the former King of Saudi Arabia. The man disappeared years ago, and his whereabouts are a mystery. Given his hatred for you, Mr. Dorsey, he's like a landmine waiting in the dark. If you're looking for peace, it might be worth your while to remove that threat." 
Ricardo's lips twisted into a wry smile. "I might even suggest, Mr. Dorsey, that you check your
swnovel
mother's grave for any... surprises."
én FindNovel
King stiffened, his aura turning turbulent. Brielle, standing behind Ricardo, was equally taken aback. Max's mother's grave?
With great effort, King managed to grind out, "Bring Brielle back. I'll deal with this, but don't try to negotiate further."
Ricardo raised an eyebrow, a small smile playing on his lips. "As you wish."
###Chapter 1312
In this world, two people have left the deepest marks on King.
One is his mother, Simone, who shaped his understanding of the world and always reminded him to keep going, no matter what. The other is Brielle, who softened his once hard edges and taught him what it really means to respect someone.
Now, he's doing his best to heal Brielle, to offer her a greater sense of security, never imagining the scoundrel who once hurt his mother lurking in the shadows, waiting for the right moment.
Brielle returned to Premier Palace a couple of hours later, with Ricardo trailing behind. Ricardo, casually flicking a switchblade between his fingers, mentioned that the professor had been in touch and had even suggested taking Ms. Brielle to an orphanage today. He'd planned to follow through but had a change of heart midway. Going through with it would've meant there was no turning back.
Brielle had finally given him another option.
Avoiding Brielle's gaze, Ricardo walked in silence. Brielle, for her part, didn't say a word the entire way. When they entered Premier Palace, she quietly made her way to King's side, intertwining her fingers with his.
King got up, gripped her hand firmly, and led her outside. In Brielle's memory, Max's mother was Martha. Wasn't Martha supposed to be dead? Wasn't she in a convalescent home abroad?
But the information she was faced with now was overwhelmingly contradictory. Thinking too hard about it only gave her a headache, so she chose silence, staying by King's side. Sensing his bad mood, she silently held his hand, their fingers intertwined.
They walked to a cemetery in Beaconsfield, a place known for its expensive plots. By the time King arrived, someone was already waiting at the most costly grave, looking to him for directions.
After a long pause, King blinked away the sting in his eyes. "Dig," he commanded.
A dozen men got to work, opening the grave. As the coffin lid was lifted, King remembered how he had secretly arranged this plot when he was too young to have much of the Dorsey family's resources. He didn't dare use their influence, so he quietly buried the person here without anyone knowing.
Not even Max had been in the loop.
But now, with the coffin opened, it was clear-it was empty.
King felt a lump in his throat, the taste of blood spreading in his mouth from biting his tongue. Ricardo, seeing this, raised an eyebrow, feeling a surge of disgust. His sister's body had been taken right after the burial, something he hadn't known until now. The last photo the professor sent showed his sister as if she were merely sleeping, but the unmistakable pallor of death on her face revealed the truth-it was a corpse.
As for Max's mother, buried here in secrecy with only a then-minor King knowing, even if the former king of Saudi had later found out, perhaps all that was taken was a skeleton. What would one do with a skeleton? Display it at home as a specimen?
King's fingers trembled slightly as he
ordered the men to cover the coffin
again, then turned to embrace. Brielle. "I need to go to Saudi; you stay here at Premier Palace and wait for me." 
Brielle's heart skipped a beat, and she hastily grabbed him. "I'm coming with you."
Seeing her urgency, King couldn't help but realize how blind he'd been to her love for him. It was so evident, her emotions so raw during this period, that she could barely hide them, resorting to a cold facade as her defense. 
Yet, it was him who was intimidated, because his care for her made even her slightest glance stir panic within him.
King chuckled, signaling for everyone to leave them be. He then took off his jacket, spreading it on the grassy ground before kneeling down.
Brielle, seeing this, quickly knelt
beside him though he hadn't spoken a word, she didn't ask. She knew the person buried here wasn't Martha there must have been some mistake in her memory. But she trusted him. 
As long as he loved her, he wouldn't lie to her.
She had made up her mind about Max, her unyielding wall.
When King had first buried someone here, he had knelt all night, Simone's words echoing in his head about living, about how it's okay not to understand love, as it means nobody can hurt you. He always thought he was like his mother, in love with someone incapable of love.
But Brielle wasn't heartless; she was just as afraid as he was, scared to believe someone could love her.
They were like the loneliest people in the world, finally finding each other.
Worried Brielle might be uncomfortable kneeling, King only let it last for ten minutes before helping her up. "I told her, once everything is over, I..."
He paused, awkwardly averting his gaze to the horizon.
Brielle held her breath, her heartbeat slowing in anticipation.
###Chapter 1313
When all this is over, what next?
Brielle's palms were sweaty with nerves, and she found herself unable to look directly at him. They stood face to face, awkwardly looking away from each other-one to the left, one to the right-creating a somewhat comical scene. Silence hung between them. "I..."
Brielle's heart leaped again at the sound, her fingers curling into a tight fist out of sheer anxiety.
Spit it out already. This is killing me, honestly.
Her brows furrowed in frustration, almost wishing she could speak for him!
King hesitated for another minute before blurting out, as if throwing caution to the wind, "I'll just tell you a secret!"
After that, his face turned so dark it seemed like it could drip ink.
Why can't he just say it? Damn it. Is Max interfering again?
"Brielle, I..."
Brielle's breath hitched once more, only to hear him say, "I'm just tired, I want to rest."
After saying that, King's eyes narrowed, a sharpness glinting in them. He took a deep breath, pulled Brielle with him, and walked down the hill to the car. Leaning back, he queried Max in his mind.
"What does that mean?"
It had been odd a few times before when he wanted to talk about the wedding but couldn't. What's so hard about saying he wants to be with Brielle, to marry her? Just now, he wanted to ask her if she'd marry him, but when it came to the crunch, everything changed. He thought it was his issue at first, but after several attempts, it was clear Max was playing tricks.
"Max, you better explain yourself what do you mean?"
No response in his mind.
King inhaled deeply, opened his eyes, and suddenly grabbed Brielle's hand. "Little Canary, Brielle, I was wondering..."
"Do you fancy a bite to eat?"
After being let down time and again, Brielle briskly pulled her hand away and turned her head towards the window, ignoring him. King's mouth twitched slightly, silently retreating into his shell.
Max's cold voice echoed in his mind. "Go to your mother."
King's fingers trembled with anger. He had thought Max was more open-minded, but now he wouldn't allow him to propose to Brielle? Clearly, Max wanted to wait until he had full control over this body to propose himself.
Feeling uneasy about this silent
saboteur, back at Premier Palace, King wanted to explain to Brielle-maybe blame it on Max-but what if she suddenly wanted Max back? His aunt's medicine wasz almost ready, and maybe by the time he returned from Saudi Arabia, his aunt would already be in Beaconsfield. So, for this last stretch, he really didn't want to hear Max's name. 
And to top it off, Max was getting jealous?! Well, that's just petty. He's learned to play dirty! King was quite indignant but couldn't bring himself to mention it to Brielle, only stewing in his own frustration. It was almost too much to bear.
They were planning a trip to Saudi
Arabia, leaving Isaac alone in Beaconsfield. Isaac was quite fond of the scenery at Premier Palace. As for his parents heading out, he wasn't too fussed, having been independent from a young age. 
However, he gave Brielle a paper talisman, carefully colored in yellow with a marker. Since he hadn't really given gifts before, Isaac was somewhat awkward. "Brielle, take this, for safety."
Brielle, looking at the tiny talisman,
no bigger than a fingertip in her palm, was almost overwhelmed its cuteness. She wanted to hug Isaac tightly and kiss him but
by
vel
worried he might not like it, so she settled for a gentle embrace 
"Don't worry, your dad and I will be back soon. This trip won't take long. If there's anything you don't understand, just ask the others."
Before, Isaac never really had a concept of "mommy," always equating Noir with motherhood, and therefore, Noir equaled mommy. But since realizing Brielle was his mommy, his perspective changed significantly.
Like now, being gently cradled and soothed in her arms, he almost felt like crying, his eyes welling up with tears that refused to fall, making him look pitiful. He pursed his lips, nodding slightly.
"Smack." Suddenly, a warm touch landed on his cheek. Brielle couldn't resist giving him a kiss.
"You're such a good, obedient boy. I'll bring back gifts from Saudi Arabia, and I'll teach you how to fold paper airplanes."
Isaac stood there, blushing furiously, as if struck by lightning, then suddenly turned and ran away with short, quick steps. Seeing his flushed face, as if he was about to explode, Brielle wondered if perhaps her saliva was toxic.
###Chapter 1314
King watched the scene with a glint of amusement in his eyes. Brielle, feeling down, straightened up and followed him into the car, heading to the airport. Ricardo was with them, but he wasn't his usual sunny self. His face was cold and hard the whole time. Brielle couldn't shake the images she had seen. That so-called professor was tormenting Ricardo, sending daily pictures of his sister's body, even threatening to desecrate her remains. Ricardo was barely holding it together, his fingers almost getting sliced by his dagger several times.
Once on the plane, King's expression turned serious. He stared out the window with a look that could kill, plotting revenge.
Brielle felt completely out of her element. Just thinking about it made her whole body ache. She leaned on King for support, not knowing what else to do.
King noticed her trembling and recalled what the psychiatrist had said. Brielle had been through hallucinations and her mental state was fragile. She shouldn't be exposed to things beyond her understanding. Seeing her pale face, he gently pressed her temples. "Brielle, promise me you won't think about anything. Just stay by my side, that's all you need to do. Just follow me," he said softly.
The pain made her vision blur, but his voice calmed her. King held her close, gently patting her back.
"Don't worry, we'll be back soon. Just think of this as a trip to Saudi Arabia," he reassured her.
Feeling his comforting hand on her back, the pain in Brielle's head eased. She nestled into his embrace, speaking softly, "Tell me about Saudi Arabia."
Seeing her regain some color, King
began to explain. In short, he had many allies there. After overthrowing the old regime and becoming king he hadn't bothered to track down the old man. To him, the man was insignificant, not worth his time. 
Under normal circumstances, he would have preferred to toss the man into a cremation furnace. But his mother had advised him to ignore the man if they ever crossed paths. So, after taking over Saudi Arabia, he hadn't pursued him. He was surprised to learn that the man had survived and even allied with the professor, seemingly thriving.
King's face turned icy as he glanced at Ricardo. Ricardo, the top assassin, was visibly seething. The best assassins could blend into a crowd without a hint of their deadly nature, but those photos had deeply affected him. Thinking about his sister being disrespected like that made Ricardo furious. His eyes flashed with anger as he spun his dagger faster.
King, still holding Brielle, continued to comfort her, eventually drifting off to sleep.
When they landed, Brielle followed King outside, where over a dozen luxury cars waited. The area was secured, with journalists kept two hundred meters away, their shouts barely audible.
Brielle frowned, glancing at King. Was he really this popular in Saudi Arabia?
They got into the car, where two
Saudi ministers were already seated. The political power in Saudi Arabia was divided among several
influential families. King, having net
takenControl of the oil, was now the leading figure, with the other families in supporting roles. Now that he was back, it seemed the
families saw an opportunity.
"King, you left in a hurry during the last Eid al-Adha, but everyone has already sent the selected women to your palace," one of the ministers said.
###Chapter 1315
Hearing those words, a flash of irritation crossed King's face as he turned his gaze to the speaker. The man, sensing King's reluctance, quickly looked away. "This is the consensus we've reached after much discussion. Every king before you has done the same-taking as many wives as possible."
In Saudi Arabia, women's status is low, expected mainly to bear children, somewhat reminiscent of ancient times in Australia. Here, women have little freedom.
As a member of the royal family, having seven or eight wives is quite common. Now, as king, King was expected to have even more wives.
Brielle was thankful she had focused intensely on her studies in college, teaching herself several languages. Although she wasn't fluent in Arabic, she could understand enough of what they were saying. But she pretended not to understand, avoiding a lot of hassle. Otherwise, once these men were rejected by King, they would inevitably turn their attention to her.
Seeing Brielle's indifference, King assumed she didn't understand Arabic, which was for the best.
"King, you know very well that Saudi law allows an ordinary man to marry up to four wives, let alone you."
Brielle frowned slightly upon hearing this. She wasn't familiar with Saudi culture, but she had heard about the lower status of women in these countries. There are still about twenty countries in the world that practice polygamy, and Saudi Arabia is one of them. Brielle pretended to close her eyes, hearing King announce, "This is my wife. I've brought her here to introduce her to everyone. Besides, we already have a child."
Brielle's eyelashes fluttered, but she remained silent. She knew King was bluffing to mislead the people before them. After all, she had only been by his side for a little over a year; it was impossible for them to have a child that quickly. Yet, the men seemed to believe him. King held her hand and kissed it gently. "She's the little princess of the Lynch family, the diamond magnates. Since I've married her, I must respect her customs, or it would displease both her and her family."
The men before them had nothing more to say. In the world, the most valuable resources were oil and diamonds. One controlled Saudi oil, and the other was the princess of the leading diamond family. Forcing this princess to abide by Saudi law would indeed be too much to ask. But with King's excellent genes, how could he marry only one wife?
"King, you should really work on convincing the queen. Even if we let this slide, the major families will still send their daughters to your chamber. These women, raised in Saudi culture, are willing to be beneath this queen. Your son will be the crown prince, but please also show some love to the other women."
King grew impatient, his brow furrowing. "Let's talk about this later. I'm tired."
The men didn't pursue the conversation any further as the long convoy of luxury cars stopped at King's castle. Inside, thousands of servants had cleaned the place spotlessly, awaiting their master's return.
Holding Brielle's hand, King walked into the castle under the watchful eyes of all present. Once inside, King explained the ministers' marriage proposals to Brielle in Mandarin.
"If you see those women later,
please don't be mad at me. After I deal with my father's affairs, I'll take you back to Premier Palace, okay?" His tone was almost pleading, and he kissed her gently on the lips. 
Brielle nodded, mentally prepared for what was to come. But when the doors opened, revealing the twenty or so women inside, her expression changed slightly. King ignored the others, scooping Brielle into his arms and heading for the second floor. 
The second floor was off-limits, and none of the women on the first floor had ever been there. The first floor was spacious enough, with rooms arranged for them all. "Brielle, if you're tired, go to sleep."
Brielle felt a deep sense of satisfaction; he had truly kept his focus solely on her, no matter the circumstances.
"Will you stay with me?" She clung to his hand.
But King had a meeting to attend.
Now that he was back in Saudi Arabia, the ministers would surely have a pile of documents for him Brielle watched him make a call, and soon, a few workers arrived. Within minutes, they had installed a door in another wall. 
Brielle was puzzled, hearing him say, "Next door is the study. I have to meet with some ministers. This door will stay open, so you can see me anytime you wake up."
After speaking, he leaned in, kissing her until she was breathless, then glanced at the time. "I'll probably be in the meeting for three hours. When you wake up, we'll have dinner together."
Brielle felt an overwhelming sense of security, so intense it nearly burst her heart. She nodded, contentedly covering herself with the blanket.
###Chapter 1316
King strolled next door into the grand study, settling into a leather armchair surrounded by shelves brimming with classic American and British literature. In no time, his advisors gathered around him.
Their main concerns were his need to settle down and marry, along with some recent developments in Saudi Arabia. Having orchestrated a coup in Saudi Arabia earlier, King had already planted his loyalists within the royal family, ensuring no internal pressure on him. Yet,
some influential Saudi families were still causing a stir.
"I'm still young. Let's revisit this later. Right now, I'm in the process of courting her. We've been through a lot together and are still building our relationship," he said, his tone casual yet firm, his sharp gaze meeting each advisor's eyes.
"As for those women downstairs, I won't send them away. It's a way to appease those families," he added.
Sending them away would only stir up trouble, so it was better to keep them around for now, even though he had no plans to entertain them. His words eased the tension in the room, and the advisors dropped the topic, only requesting that he marries at least ten women within two years to ensure a line of heirs for the kingdom.
Brielle could faintly hear the commotion from next door but didn't bother to listen closely, drifting off to sleep instead.
When she woke up, it was already dusk. A dining table was set up by the bedroom window, suggesting King had no plans to dine downstairs, sparing her the discomfort of encountering the women below. Brielle's lips curved into a small smile before she headed to the bathroom for a quick shower.
Exiting the bathroom, she heard
King on the phone, a common occurrence since their arrival in Saudi Arabia. He was issuing commands about the old king's next moves following a grave
Brielle wrapped her arms around his
desecration. Standing behind elbet
waist, resting her head against his back. He acknowledged her with a gentle pat on her hands before continuing his instructions. 
After the call, King pressed Brielle against the wall for a long, passionate kiss before releasing her. "Are you hungry?" he asked, eyeing the delicious spread on the table with a hint of desire, knowing full well that a refusal might lead to more intimate activities. Brielle, amused yet embarrassed by her growling stomach, quickly changed the subject. 
"Where's that person hiding?" she asked.
Brielle finished her meal, contemplating a walk in the beautiful garden but quickly dismissing the idea at the thought of the women waiting downstairs. King had to attend to state affairs, moving his desk into the bedroom to stay close. Brielle found comfort in his proximity, deciding not to dwell on anything else.
"We're still searching, but there's no need for you to worry," he reassured her, his tone suggesting he had everything under control.
Her life in Saudi had been confined
to this room for three days, with meals delivered and bedroom activities substituting for walks. Surprisingly, she had gained a few pounds. During her unconscious state, King had the contraceptive implant removed, fearing it might cause discomfort if left inside. Though Brielle's health issues made pregnancy difficult, King took extra precautions each time, not wanting to risk her well-being. Despite living carefree these days, Brielle sensed King's urgency whenever they were alone, as if cherishing every moment with fervor. 
###Chapter 1317
Someone slid a photo across the table to King. He took one glance and saw it was a picture of a skeleton, carefully positioned in the middle of a room, ominously near a three-seater couch-like some twisted piece of decor. The sight made everyone furious, but King was especially enraged; he knew those bones belonged to his mother.
"King, got something you need to see."
Simone had always warned him: if he ever gained power, he should avoid the kingdom's power struggles. The kingdom practiced polygamy, with a king potentially fathering over a hundred princes. The missing queen and her unborn child posed a threat to the heir apparent but meant little else. The man never lacked for offspring.
King's past methods were ruthless-exiling those who could be exiled, and killing those who resisted, leaving no one behind. Initially, many thought he was too harsh. But the common folk didn't care who ruled; they just wanted better lives. And under King, their prosperity doubled, earning him high regard among the people.
Every appearance he made caused a stir. Rumors about his origins varied among the people. Initially viewed as a criminal, the queen's reputation was cleansed by King's rise to power. Afterward, the old king vanished without a trace, and nobody seemed to care. Looking at the photo, King could almost see the vile smirk of that old man, taunting him with the notion that despite claiming the throne, his mother's peace was forever disturbed, her remains a plaything in his hands, casting a shadow over King's life.
All King knew about his mother and the kingdom's affairs came from Simone, who never divulged the extent of her lover's cruelty. This latest act of desecrating graves only hinted at the atrocities committed during Simone's lifetime.
King slowly put the photo down, his lips tightening a bit.
The messenger looked grim. "King, it seems he's using top-notch tech. One moment he's in Australia, then North America, then back here. His location changes every three seconds, popping up all over."
"Have we found him?"
It was clear the old man had tech wizards safeguarding his whereabouts.
King's phone buzzed with a message from the man himself.
?
"I've taken a particular liking to your mother's bones, much like how I adored her in life-innocent, naive. King, my son, you've played your cards well over the years. But l'ye been pondering how to defeat you, and perhaps you've underestimated what I did to your mother. Everything you've built will crumble." 
Then came a video. It was of his mother, from an era before smartphones could record videos, clearly shot with a camcorder. The footage was intimate, featuring the queen with a man who was definitely not the old king.
A chill ran down King's spine. What was this man planning after all these years?
"I have more where this came
from-all featuring your mother with
other men. Hilmed them. She
thought they were all me. I grew bored of her quickly, too innocent, too dut. So I had my ministers keep her company. These tapes-b thought I'd discarded them, but your actions rekindled my interest. And now, I've found them, perfectly preserved." 
Simone was among the most beautiful faces Australia had ever produced, desired by many. She never knew the extent of her liaisons, orchestrated by her own husband. But he was adamant, "You are indeed my son, for event couldn't resist her allure at times." 
King watched the video in silence, his response measured. An hour later, the man grew impatient.
"What if these videos were uploaded online? Would the world see my queen as nothing more than a harlot?"
###Chapter 1318
The truth hit King like a freight train. As the dirtbag had said, even his mother probably hadn't known. If she had, she'd have wanted that man obliterated, not left breathing.
How low could a man go, letting his own goons violate his wife and then record it? The creeps involved were the old king's cronies, meaning some folks in today's four major families were part of that sick game and still kicking around. When King took the throne, they must've sweated bullets, fearing their dirty secret would get out and cost them their heads. Lucky for them, King was clueless, letting them skate by all these years.
The old king was using these videos as leverage, hoping King would off every guy in them. There were over thirty, all holding key positions in the four families. Wiping them out would shake the kingdom to its core, causing total chaos. That was the old king's twisted plan. He even had the nerve to demand King's wife, bragging about his taste for Australian beauties and promising to return her once he was done. "You'll agree, won't you, my son?" he sneered. In this society, women had a miserable status, and it wasn't unusual for a new king to take his predecessor's consorts. This wasn't even a secret, and the outside world never batted an eyelash.
The royal family was infamous for its tangled lineage and constant drama.
When King read the message, his grip on his phone tightened, eyes flashing with fury.
"King, you've got three days to decide," the message taunted, promising a helicopter at 7 PM to take his "beautiful wife."
King had mobilized everyone he could, including Max's shadowy crew, but the old king was slippery, hiding out and using the videos as his shield.
King rubbed his temples, rage boiling inside. If the man were within reach, he'd fill him with a thousand bullets.
Ricardo walked in, looking just as grim.
"Mr. Dorsey, did you see the message?" he asked, handing over a note from the Professor, who was clearly in cahoots with the old king.
The note demanded Ricardo deliver Brielle by helicopter at the specified time, or face his sister's remains being desecrated.
The enemy was hidden, using high-tech gadgets to stay invisible. Reaching them meant venturing into their lair.
But King wasn't about to use Brielle as a bargaining chip.
"Mr. Dorsey, we should get Annie back from Beaconsfield," Ricardo suggested. Annie, who the Professor and butler groomed to replace Brielle, looked just like her and might come in handy. 
en FindNovel
Brielle had left Annie with Murray at Beaconsfield. Murray was a top hacker, though King had no shortage of those. But Annie could still be useful.
To everyone's surprise, Annie was pregnant with Murray's child and already showing.
Gone was her previous arrogance; now she clung to Murray's shirt, one hand protectively over her belly.
If Annie weren't pregnant, King wouldn't hesitate to send her instead of Brielle. But he couldn't do that now, not with her carrying a child.
And he hadn't hidden any of this from Brielle.
When Brielle saw the couple kneeling in the study, noticing Annie's striking resemblance to herself, she froze.
Murray, spotting her, pleaded, “Ms.
Brielle, you promised that if I helped you, you'd let me be with Annie. She's pregnant now, and I can't bear the thought of her taking your place." 
Annie's gaze was conflicted, and after a moment, she turned away, her voice bitter. "Don't beg her, Murray. You know she hates me. Looks like we're really going to be separated." 
But it was the child she couldn't bear to part with.
###Chapter 1319
Brielle's face went pale the moment she laid eyes on the pair. A wave of discomfort washed over her, and she stepped back instinctively, feeling a surge of nausea. "Brielle?" King was by her side in an instant, guiding her to a quieter spot and gently massaging her temples. "Just try to relax, don't think about anything right now."
Her complexion was ghostly, and she buried her face in his chest, taking deep breaths to calm herself. Annie, witnessing this, snickered with a touch of malice, "Looks like karma's finally caught up with you, huh?"
King shot her a look that made her stiffen and turn away, her snide remarks dying on her lips. Murray wrapped his arms around Brielle, softly patting her back, trying to comfort her.
It took about an hour for Brielle to regain her composure. Her face regained some of its color, and she clutched at King's shirt, slowly shaking her head. "Let's just send them back. Whatever issues we had, it seems like it's all water under the bridge now. We've all got our own lives to live; no point in making things harder for each other."
King's fingers were cool against her forehead as he continued to gently press on her temples. After a long pause, he finally responded, "Alright, I'll listen to you."
There was a sweetness in Brielle's heart, but then she remembered what that man had said about taking her place. "What did that mean?" she thought.
She took King's phone to check it, and he didn't stop her. The videos she found only intensified her headache, evoking a sense of déjà vu. Her stomach churned with disgust, but she fought back the urge to throw up. "King," she said, embracing him, "as long as Ricardo is with us, I won't be in danger."
Knowing what she implied, King was quick to rebuff, "Don't even think about it."
The room fell silent, filled only with their presence. Brielle quieted down for a few minutes before kneeling in front of him, looking up into his eyes. "That day, at your mom's grave, were you going to say something?"
King, whose temper had been flaring up, suddenly seemed to hit pause at her words. His ears tinged red, and his complexion turned awkward. Brielle rested her chin on his knee, "Were you about to say, once all this
is over, we'll get married?"
King stood up abruptly, eager to clarify. "How could you think that? No way! It's not like that! I haven't even proposed properly yet. I wouldn't settle for less with you."
He nervously adjusted his collar, "I mean, I want to give you the best of everything."
King wasn't one for veiled compliments; his words were always straightforward, and that's exactly what Brielle loved about him. She stood up to join him. "And if I don't go, what will you do?"
The videos, if leaked, could tarnish
the reputation of someone who's been gone for years, subjecting them to public scorn and slander Though none of this was her fault, society seldom showed leniency toward women, often empathizing more with men. 
King had no real plan to counter this, but he was adamant about not putting Brielle in harm's way. He knew his mother would have supported any decision that kept Brielle safe.
Just as he was about to voice his refusal again, Max's voice echoed in his mind, urging him to let her go. King froze, disbelief crossing his face. "Max, have you lost your mind?"
The idea of sending Brielle into danger was unthinkable. The mere possibility of losing her was unbearable.
"King, you've said how important
your mother is to you. If her memory
were to be tarnished, even being with Brielle wouldn't bring you happiness. You'd live with that guilt. Don't you see? Brielle desires a love that's bold, pure, and unadulterated. If you deny her now, you're bound to regret it, to suffer. That's not what she wants." 
And it's not what I want either. Max's counsel hit close to home, piercing through King's turmoil with undeniable truth.
###Chapter 1320
Max always seemed to have this sixth sense about what Brielle wanted, like he could read her mind. Hearing him nail it so perfectly left King feeling a bit lost, like he was playing catch-up in the emotional department. "King?" Brielle's voice cut through his thoughts. She looked up at him, confused by his sudden silence.
King snapped back to reality and pulled her into a tight hug. "I promise you, but you've got to trust my plan, okay? No jumping the gun."
Brielle's eyes lit up with joy, and she hugged him back. "Honestly, as long as you're by my side, I'm happy. If this ever pulls you away from me, I'll regret it."
Her words mirrored Max's sentiment perfectly. All King needed to do was give her what she needed, and together, they could tackle anything. The road ahead might be tough, but they'd face it together, and that's what mattered.
King felt a lump in his throat and held her even tighter, not saying a word. In that moment, it was like their hearts were perfectly in sync, warming each other with a bittersweet comfort.
"Brielle..."
Over the next three days, King didn't push her too hard. Instead, he taught her some basic self-defense moves. Brielle, who'd trained in karate before, picked it up quickly. Her skills were sharp, thanks to her previous lessons with King on handling firearms. Still, King couldn't shake the protective instinct. He implanted a high-tech tracking chip in her arm, undetectable by enemy scanners. Ricardo got a similar chip.
Ricardo was cleaning his gun, glancing at the clock on the wall. He never thought he'd be teaming up with Brielle.
At exactly seven, the roar of a helicopter filled the air. Brielle and Ricardo exchanged a look. Ricardo, more relaxed now, pulled her close and said, "Brielle, let's make sure we both get back in one piece." Brielle raised an eyebrow, her eyes steely. "I'm not planning on dying out there."
They boarded the helicopter, which checked in with the professor before taking off. King's phone buzzed with a text.
My son, you're doing great. Don't worry, I'll keep the video for a while longer. Once I'm done with your woman, I might ask for something else.
King read the message, his face blank.
If you send anyone after us, I'll release the video immediately. Be smart.
King didn't send the helicopter after them. He opted to monitor Brielle's location through the trackers. Now, he had their exact coordinates.
The helicopter switched to a plane, heading out of Saudi Arabia. The old king wasn't in Saudi after all. The men operating the helicopter were likely part of the hidden factions
within major families.
A cold determination settled in King's eyes as he ordered, "Make sure everyone on this list doesn't see tomorrow."
The old king had betrayed them, and
King now had the incriminating
videos. He memorized their faces
and names. He had to follow the
plane, but those men couldn't be left alive. 
"Keep the internal conflict out of the media. Clean up the bodies discreetly; we'll handle the rest when I get back."
King had once purged the royal
family, ensuring loyalty. After giving his orders, he boarded his plane. Max's forces were already tracking the aircraft, as were King's men. They had to keep their distance to avoid tipping off the old king, who might act out of desperation. 
###Chapter 1321
Brielle found herself on a plane, wrists and ankles swiftly bound as soon as she boarded, and Ricardo received the same treatment. The aircraft seemed eerily empty, just them, their captor, and a void of any other presence. Where were they being taken?
She glanced at Ricardo, noting his furrowed brow, mirroring her own unease. Suddenly, the plane jolted, caught in turbulence before nosediving alarmingly. Yet, both Brielle and Ricardo remained calm, not letting panic take hold until the plane stabilized. Peering outside, darkness swallowed everything beyond the plane's lights, suggesting they might be flying over an ocean.
At one point, their captor offered a meal, briefly freeing their hands. The journey felt endless, hunger gnawing at them until the plane finally began its descent after what seemed like an eternity.
As the aircraft plunged again, the cabin filled with a deliberate fog, not of natural origin. Brielle and Ricardo feigned unconsciousness, a tactic they had prepared for. In the days leading up to this, they had fortified themselves against such scenarios. Brielle had even taken a painful injection to keep her alert through any ordeal, enduring a week of relentless pain. Not to be outdone, Ricardo took two doses, ensuring they were merely playing possum.
Brielle's driving force was clear-to help King eliminate a vile old adversary.
Upon landing, they were roughly escorted out Brielle's observant eyes quickly took in their
surroundings-dilapidated streets
and women with covered faces et
indicated they were in a remote, impoverished nation. The locals recoiled in fear, hinting at some terrifying presence among them. 
With masks forced onto their faces, presumably to shield them from contaminated air, Brielle understood the gravity of their situation. They were likely in an African country
plagued by a deadly disease, on net
undefeated by modern science. Despite international efforts, the affliction had left the country in dire straits, making it a perfect hideout for the old king they were after. 
Brielle's fear wasn't directed at the despotic ruler but at the merciless hand of nature itself. With the disease boasting a zero survival rate, the stakes were unimaginably high.
Their final destination was a modest compound, suggesting a village ravaged by the epidemic. They were ushered into a vehicle, with Brielle and Ricardo memorizing the route despite feigning unconsciousness.
After a two-hour journey, they
arrived, greeted in Arabic-a hint at their captor's identity: Fisher, King's disdainful father. Fisher, bearing a striking resemblance to Max, boasted of their imminent victory, crediting Dr. Linden, the mastermind behind their capture. The plan was
clear: leverage Brielle against the Lynch family for a massive ransom. 
As they were dragged into Fisher's simple abode, far removed from any grandiosity, their perilous situation became clear. The professor doused Ricardo with water, jolting him awake, signaling the beginning of their dire predicament in this forsaken place.
###Chapter 1322
"Ricardo, you've done a great job."
The professor patted his shoulder, his voice dripping with satisfaction. "As long as you keep following orders, your sister's remains will be taken care of. Don't worry."
A flicker of disgust crossed Ricardo's eyes, but he kept his expression deferential, bowing his head slightly. "Professor, I understand."
The professor let out a cold chuckle, his smug face a mask of fake intellectual superiority. "By the way, do you know where Kenzo is right now?"
He hadn't been able to reach Kenzo; could he really be dead? With North America in chaos due to Irene's return, the royal family seemed to be falling apart. And Kenzo? His son could still be useful, especially if he's tangled up with Irene. Impressive, just like his father. "I don't know; I haven't been involved in any of King's affairs," Ricardo replied.
The professor snorted. "His good days are numbered. I heard he's quite fond of Brielle. Just threaten him with her, and he'll give up his position without a fight. The old king still has dirt on many nobles. If that video gets out, they'll lose face and rally behind the old king. King wouldn't dare kill all those nobles; he wouldn't want to provoke the four major families."
So Fisher wanted money, women, and power. Greed knew no bounds with him.
At that moment, Fisher entered the room, spotting Brielle on the bed and starting to unbuckle his belt. He cursed in Arabic, vile words that Brielle understood and found disgusting. Fisher clearly harbored deep resentment toward King, too impatient to wait even a few minutes before lunging toward the bed.
But before he could get close, someone outside called out in Arabic, "Fisher, the chief summons you."
Fisher paused, irritation crossing his brow. Brielle heard him knock on the wall a few times before a trapdoor opened on the floor, into which Fisher descended. These sly beings had tunnels in every room, all interconnected.
Assured there were no cameras inside, Brielle slowly got up. Her body still ached, but the pain kept her alarmingly awake. If this place was indeed a village ravaged by recurring disease, then Max's people, even if they reached here, would be in grave danger.
The old king was cunning, knowing a direct confrontation with Max was futile, so he surrounded the place with infected villages. Meaning, Max's people would have to traverse these villages to get here.
During their journey, the local
villagers had shown utmost respect
for their vehicle, making way willingly. Yet, Brielle could still hear the villagers retching and the mix of Arabic, clear signs of their reverence and extreme xenophobia towards the car's occupants. If Max's people arrived, the villagers would likely report them without the old king's men noticing. And with the unknown status of who might be carrying the disease, extreme caution was necessary, making the task all the
more challenging. 
No wonder the old king's whereabouts had remained a mystery for years. Brielle's thoughts were interrupted by the sight of high fences she noticed on their arrival clearly marking the area. Outside the fence lay the diseased villages.
Rubbing her temples, Bages
pondered why local authorities would allow such fences unless the land had been forsaken by the government, hence the fencing. 
Inside, the villagers, led by the chief mentioned earlier, indicated that the old king Fisher wasn't the highest authority, clearly having struck a deal with the chief. Hearing noises from anearby cabinet, Brielle opened it to find a dark-skinned woman tied up, visibly pregnant.
Thinking of the prevalent disease, Brielle dared not make any contact. 
The old king's men were indeed cunning, ensuring even in her lucidity, Brielle wouldn't dare interact with anyone.
###Chapter 1323
Brielle watched the woman, tears silently streaming down her face. She furrowed her brows and tried speaking in Arabic, "What's your relation to Fisher?"
The woman seemed taken aback; she hadn't expected Brielle to know Arabic. Ever since the old king sought refuge here, nearly all the locals had learned the language. The village elder had declared these people should be treated like messiahs, almost divine beings. "Slaves," the woman replied. With the hand she could still move, she pointed to several other crates in the room. "We're all just slaves for him to vent his frustrations on."
Brielle's heart pounded, disbelief compelling her to open each crate, only to confirm her fears. Each one contained a woman. Some had their limbs severed, their bodies fixed inside the crates, exposing only the parts a man would desire.
Her stomach churned wildly, nearly making her vomit right there. She had suspected the old king was a monster, given his tolerance for his ministers' atrocities back in Saudi Arabia and his deceit towards Simone during his time as a prince. He was the epitome of a pseudo-elite, cloaking his vile and dark interior with a facade of respectability.
But seeing this scene firsthand still shocked Brielle to her core. In Fisher's eyes, women were no different from livestock. She couldn't bear to meet the eyes of these women, quickly closing the crates again, fighting the urge to throw up. She returned to the cabinet. The woman in the cabinet was the only one who seemed to retain her sanity, and her limbs were intact. But she was pregnant, still trapped in this cabinet. Fisher's deeds were beyond beastly.
Brielle's heart burned with rage, wishing she could tear Fisher apart right then and there. But she was still unfamiliar with the situation and couldn't act recklessly.
"Why do the locals still adore Fisher, despite how he treats you all?"
The woman curled up in the cabinet, her limbs long numbed. "Because this land has been abandoned by the government, plagued by disease with no cure in sight. We're the forgotten ones, but Fisher's people brought us medical aid and drinking water. The surrounding villages all trust them deeply. If outsiders try to confront them, they'll have to step over our bodies first."
Faith can make people do terrifying things, especially when it's intertwined with the hope brought by Fisher's medical aid to these forsaken people. This was troubling.
Brielle stayed silent, foreseeing the difficulties she'd face here. The woman in the cabinet looked at Brielle, her tone softening. "Are you from Australia? I've been there." Her eyes were full of longing. "It's a peaceful and prosperous country, free from disease and hunger. I envy you."
Brielle remained silent, aware that any word she spoke might salt the woman's wounds. She wasn't from a peaceful era, merely a peaceful country. The horror before her made her stomach turn. But this might not even be the darkest aspect of the world. 
"Is there any deal between the village elder and Fisher?" Brielle asked.
The woman fell silent for a moment before shaking her head slightly. "Sorry, I don't know."
Brielle decided not to press further. She couldn't free the woman from the cabinet, knowing Fisher would return soon. She closed the cabinet door and moved to the window Ricardo and the professor were gone, probably assigned elsewhere. 

King's people were supposed to arrive in this land within three hours, as previously agreed, but navigating through the surrounding villages would be challenging. Brielle was anxious, not for her own safety, but for the villagers, not knowing who might be sick. If Max encountered someone ill, what then? 
On her way here, she noted people vomiting as if their insides were being expelled, bleeding from every orifice. She couldn't bear the thought of anyone she knew dying from such a disease! She paced the room again, eyeing the computer on the desk. But she dared not touch the electronics here, knowing Fisher had top-notch hackers who would detect any tampering immediately.
###Chapter 1324
Ricardo found himself on a training ground, escorted there by the Professor. The place was packed with familiar faces from the base, all tanned from the relentless sun but otherwise in good spirits. These folks were no strangers to living on the edge, having undertaken countless missions in Africa before. The harsh conditions didn't faze them at all.
After all, the Professor had more than one skeleton in his closet.
Some were even carrying the heavy burden of having lost loved ones, whose remains were now in the Professor's possession.
Under normal circumstances, you'd expect resentment toward the Professor. Yet, for the time being, everyone seemed to be keeping their cool.
Ricardo only recognized a few of them; the rest were strangers. Back at the base, he was merely a tool, a weapon wielded by others, never mingling with the key players.
The Professor, all smiles, clapped Ricardo on the shoulder. "From now on, you'll train with these folks. When there's a mission, I'll let you know."
After the Professor left, Ricardo mingled with the others, picking up a rifle to start training. Yet, his thoughts were with Brielle, worrying about her safety.
Suddenly, a hand landed on his shoulder, the voice low and familiar. "Ricardo, what brings you here?"
It was Bryan, another assassin like Ricardo. While Ricardo topped the ranks, Bryan was not far behind at fifth.
Both had suffered losses. Ricardo had buried his sister with the Professor's help, while Bryan had lost the love of his life, a fellow warrior in this dangerous game.
There were rumors that Bryan was hiding his true power, possibly deserving a higher rank than fifth. Like Ricardo, Bryan had never failed a mission.
By the time Ricardo met him, Bryan's partner had already passed away, and nobody knew what she looked like. It was said that Bryan had undergone plastic surgery, making him almost unrecognizable from his former self. Unlike Ricardo, Bryan wasn't originally working for the base but had always been close to the old king, though no one knew for how long.
Now Bryan was serving the Professor, given their connection to the old king.
"Why have you always been by the old king's side?" Ricardo asked.
Bryan's expression was unreadable, a hint of surprise in his eyes before he answered. "I was raised by Fisher; it's natural I stay by his side."
He gave Ricardo's shoulder a light pat. "Now that you're here, forget any other agendas. I'm in charge, and I won't be lenient."
So, it was a warning.
Ricardo smiled. "Don't worry, I've been at the base for years. I won't cause any trouble."
Bryan's gaze sharpened, patting Ricardo's shoulder again. "You better not."
Just as Bryan was about to address the others, someone approached, informing him the king was asking for him.
Bryan entered a two-story building to find Fisher and a chieftain in a tense discussion.
The chieftain, looking displeased, confronted Fisher. "You promised a We
hospital two years ago, yet all, have are escape tunnels. Are you playing games with me?" 
Fisher remained calm. "Why would I deceive you, chief? We're about to secure a fortune from the Lynch family, enough to build numerous hospitals. Just keep the villagers believing in us, and the construction will start within two months." 
Fisher's eyes gleamed with cunning as he continued, "Besides, you must've noticed. People outside the fences fall ill, but those within are safe."
The chieftain fell silent, his priorities clear. In this selfish world, his own survival trumped the well-being of those beyond his immediate care content as long as they received their regular supply of medicine. 
###Chapter 1325
The chief knew exactly why Fisher didn't want the area outside the fence to be safe. Fisher had powerful enemies, and every villager outside the fence was like a ticking time bomb.
If Fisher's rivals targeted this place, they wouldn't even need to make a move; the villagers would rush in first, ready to die for him. Some of them carried incurable diseases, making them walking explosives that could obliterate Fisher's enemies without a trace. It was like Fisher had turned all the villagers outside the fence into his personal arsenal.
The chief had long understood this, aware of Fisher's ruthlessness, but he didn't intervene. Inside the fence, at least, it was safe. Fisher lived there himself, ensuring his people wouldn't contract such diseases.
Every villager outside the fence was Fisher's spy and weapon.
"Chief, within two months, my people will start building hospitals around here. And the drinking water project I promised you is already done, right? The local government has given up on this land. I think you should be grateful, don't you?" Fisher's voice was firm, leaving no room for disagreement.
The chief stayed silent, feeling crushed under Fisher's authority.
Fisher stood up, a sly smile curling at his lips. "Once I get back to Saudi Arabia, you'll get more than just a few hospitals. I can ensure a bright future for everyone here. Now, I need your cooperation."
The chief could only nod in agreement.
Fisher walked out, Bryan following closely behind.
Bryan was completely loyal to the old king, the man who had saved him.
Walking ahead, Fisher spoke in a calm tone. "Are those people under control? You're sure they won't cause any problems?"
Bryan bowed his head respectfully. "The professor wants money. He's got nowhere else to go, and we're the only ones willing to take him in. Plus, he's got dirt on those people."
Fisher sneered, his eyes narrowing. "Good. Tonight, we'll be asking the Lynch family for money. The professor has been useful, letting me discover such a big weakness in my son." Bryan said nothing, just followed along.
As they reached Fisher's door, Fisher paused to give Bryan more instructions.
Brielle, peeking through the window, saw the man beside Fisher and her eyes widened.
Jaired?!
That silhouette was unmistakably Jaired's, but how could he be here? No, that's not right!
A sharp pain shot through Brielle's head, making her face turn pale.
Who is Jaired? Why did his name come to mind when she saw that figure?
She remembered King's advice: if her head hurt, she should relax and think of nothing.
Brielle gripped the chair next to her, watching outside as she slowly
her eyes to calm down el
t belongs to
Think of nothing, just wait for King's people to arrive.
The throbbing pain in her head finally eased, King's reminder proving invaluable.
A sweet feeling filled Brielle's heart, even in such a tough spot, thinking of him made her happy. This was the kind of relationship she wanted, facing challenges together, trusting each other. 
If Brielle still had her old memories,
she'd realize the man beside Fishet
did indeed look like Jaired, though their faces were different. 
But that silhouette, that vibe, was exactly like Jaired's.
Just different in appearance.
At first glance, anyone would think of Jaired.
###Chapter 1326
Fisher was heading towards the room, and Brielle quickly scrambled back to bed, laying down in the exact position she was in when he left. Bryan was trailing behind him, catching bits and pieces about the troubles in North America.
"Bryan, my ambitions aren't just limited to Saudi Arabia; I've got my eyes on North America too. Unfortunately, the royal families there are useless. Now, a woman has gone and stirred up trouble, making things even messier. Looks like I'll have to focus on Saudi Arabia for now. I need to teach my son a lesson." As the door swung open, both men saw Brielle lying on the bed.
A grin spread across Fisher's face. "Bryan, you've been with me for years, and you've never experienced the pleasures of a woman. This one's my son's favorite. I can hand her over to you. Have your fun, then it's my turn. You know me, I'm not picky." Brielle was undeniably beautiful, the epitome of an Australian beauty, her allure delicate and captivating.
Bryan couldn't deny her beauty, but his face remained impassive. He was about to decline when Fisher got a call, patting him on the shoulder before stepping out.
"Make it quick. I'll want my turn with her tonight."
His words showed he didn't see her as a person at all.
Fisher left quickly, clearly caught up in other matters.
Bryan slowly approached the bedside, studying her face for a moment.
He stayed still, and so did Brielle.
Soon, Bryan moved to sit by the window, planning to stay there for a couple of hours before leaving. If he didn't, Fisher would insist, possibly expecting him to carry out gruesome acts just to prove a point. Fisher had no boundaries in these matters, but Bryan was different.
To avoid further trouble, he decided to prolong his stay.
Brielle opened her eyes, meeting his gaze.
Almost instinctively, she asked, "Do you know Jaired?"
Truth be told, Brielle wasn't sure who Jaired was, but seeing this man's silhouette and stature, the name just popped into her head.
She had long suspected something was off with her memory. Since the name emerged spontaneously, she must know someone who looked like the man before her.
Bryan's body involuntarily shuddered, lifting his gaze.
"Who?"
"Jaired. You look like him."
Bryan chuckled lightly, wrapping his arms around himself, "Don't know him."
Brielle wanted to dig deeper, to find a name that might trigger a reaction from him. If not Jaired, then who?
But her mind was a blank. The more she tried to remember, the more her head ached.
Her complexion quickly paled, her gaze falling to the seashell bracelet on her wrist. She had worn it when she set out, and since it was deemed a simple accessory t wasn't confiscated. FindNovel
Think, the seashell bracelet, who gave it to her?
Her head throbbed, hinting at a crucial clue.
Helicopters over the ocean, a carefree woman tossing a seashell bracelet...
Sweat beaded on Brielle's forehead, the pain nearly knocking her out.
The carefree woman, familiar with Jaired, but her name was just out of reach.
As Brielle grappled with these fragments of memories, Bryan
watched from his seat, a handel
ing up his face.
"Feeling unwell?"
In just a few minutes, Brielle was drenched in cold sweat, and delving deeper into her memories would
surely cause her to faint. 
In this place, fainting could lead to unimaginable outcomes.
King's words echoed in her mind.
"If it hurts, don't overthink."
Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to calm down.
###Chapter 1327
latch onto him he couldn't quite shake his curiosity. But Bryan had no interest in women anymore.
Bryan couldn't help but wonder what was going on with her. Why did she suddenly look so disturbed? Though a tiny part of him worried this might be another ploy to catch his attention-something he'd seen countless times from women trying to escape Fisher's grasp and Since his beloved passed away, he'd dedicated himself completely to Fisher, shutting out any thoughts of romance or relationships. He pitied these women, but their fate seemed sealed.
Brielle had gotten up and moved closer to Bryan, abandoning her attempts to recall anything specific. Instead, she focused on observing him-his figure, his face. The name "Jaired" lingered in her mind, but Bryan claimed he didn't know anyone by that name. Frustrated and tired of thinking, she eventually slumped into a nearby chair.
Bryan was a bit surprised.
"Aren't you afraid of me?" he asked.
Brielle paused. This man clearly had no interest in her; why should she be scared?
Bryan chuckled, still leaning on one hand in a lazy, indifferent manner.
"You're quite something, more interesting than any of Fisher's usual crowd. Are you from Australia?"
Brielle nodded, still watching him intently, hoping that something might jog her memory.
"Australia's a great place, but it looks like you're not going back anytime soon," he said, his tone casual as he leaned back against the wall.
"But if you make an effort with Fisher, your life might get a bit easier here. Most women who resist don't have a happy ending."
"Why do you stick with him? He's no saint, but you don't seem like a bad guy," Brielle said.
Bryan laughed out loud, his eyes twinkling as he placed both hands on the table.
"First time anyone's said that to me. You came with Ricardo, right? You must know what he's like. I'm in the same league as him. Of course, if you think he's a good guy, then forget I said anything." 
Brielle only knew Ricardo as a fellow employee, oblivious to his darker side. She decided not to dig any deeper overthinking would just give her a headache. She chose to let things be. 
Bryan didn't press her further. They sat in silence, staring out the window, words unnecessary.
Meanwhile, King's plane had landed, and they'd pinpointed Brielle's location. But when local officials revealed that the area had been abandoned, his frustration was palpable. "What do you mean?" he demanded.
The local leaders avoided his gaze; they knew he represented the wealth and power of Saudi Arabia.
"My wife was taken there, and now you're telling me you've abandoned the place? Are you trying to dodge responsibility?"
The country was impoverished, a stark contrast to prosperous Saudi Arabia.
"King, it's not that we're trying to shirk responsibility. But you know, we've had international medical experts come here year after year, and many of them die. They come out of a passion for medicine, but to our president, they're just pawns, a way to show we can handle responsibilities that other nations can't. They're just tools for those in power. Abandoning that land was our last resort; the disease hits hard every year, killing all soldiers sent there. Everyone has loved ones, right?" 
Human nature is inherently selfish.
###Chapter 1328
"King, maybe it's time you considered finding a new wife. Women aren't irreplaceable, you know."
In this country, women's status remained depressingly low, to the point where even wearing short sleeves was forbidden.
King sat quietly to the side, his eyes slightly downcast.
His team had already scoped out the situation, but the villagers were proving difficult to manage.
Beyond the chain-link fence that enclosed the area, dozens of small towns and villages lay, all under the watchful eye of Fisher. The moment any of King's men showed up, Fisher would know instantly that King had made his move. King's eyes narrowed thoughtfully.
"I hear Fisher distributes medical supplies to the villagers every month. That's something you can manage as well, isn't it? I represent Saudi Arabia, and I'm offering to donate twenty tons of medical supplies. Starting now, send in a hundred people in hazmat suits to distribute these supplies to the villagers."
Medical supplies were critically scarce in this country, but even more so were feminine hygiene products.
Items like sanitary pads were considered a luxury for local women.
While Fisher's people thought to win hearts with medicine, they hadn't considered fighting for women's rights.
"We'll also donate twenty tons of feminine hygiene products, all in your government's name. That way, the people won't hold any resentment towards you."
The villagers had long lost faith in the so-called government of their land, fully aware they'd been abandoned, with the chain-link fence serving as a stark reminder.
People didn't care who was in power; they only cared if their lives were improving, a concern shared by citizens worldwide.
But if the current officials employed the strategy King suggested, public opinion might gradually shift in their favor.
"Once this is successful, I'll donate a billion dollars to your nation."
The official hesitated, but at the mention of "US dollars," his eyes lit up with excitement. This was more than several years' national revenue. "Excellent! My people will fully cooperate with you!"
King nodded and returned to his room.
Joseph was there, having dutifully sanitized every corner and brought news from North America.
"The North American royalty doesn't stand a chance against Irene. That woman is formidable, deserving of her leadership position. In terms of strategy, ruthlessness, and skill, the royal family is no match. With widespread support, her rivals dying disgracefully at the podium, she's set to become the second female president in history by the end of the month." 
Joseph reported this because the Lynch family, North America's leading dynasty, would be affected by the presidency. Fortunately, Irene had shown no hostility towards the Lynch family, focusing her
retribution on the royal family alone. 
Public opinion in North America was overwhelmingly in Irene's favor, even brushing off her public flirtations with men.
Many North American women fighting for their rights saw Irene's presidency as a milestone, her personal life deemed her own business.
After all, if men could lead lives filled with scandal, why couldn't women?
"Sir, Irene is thriving, with Jaired by
her side. But her presidency seems more like a game to her. Their success comes from having nothing left to lose." 
Those who care about nothing are the ones who can go the furthest.
Unless someone important to Irene returns, she'll continue on her path. But everyone knows that's impossible.
As for Jaired, his path seems like an endless cycle of atonement, a fate no one can escape.
King was momentarily less concerned with the affairs in North America, turning to Joseph with instructions.
"The government will send a hundred people in hazmat suits. We'll take two of those spots to get in and gather information."
Joseph, who had never disobeyed King, suddenly knelt down.
"Sir, let me go alone. I promise to bring Ms. Brielle back safely."
###Chapter 1329
King squinted, glancing out the window.
Outside, there were barely any skyscrapers, even though they were in the heart of the city. I was still impoverished and underdeveloped, with streets full of potholes.
Not far off, plumes of smoke rose from burning trash. The city lacked a proper waste management system, so people burned their garbage, filling the air with thick smoke and making the air quality terrible.
But in a place where people struggled to meet basic needs, who cared about air quality?
Plus, a deadly disease loomed, making life constantly precarious.
Joseph voiced his concerns because he couldn't bear the thought of King being in any danger. Dream Tech Designs couldn't afford it, and neither could Seattle.
King's life was incredibly valuable.
Joseph knelt, silently bowing his head.
After a long pause, King finally spoke.
"This might be the last adventure Brielle and I have together, Joseph. You wouldn't understand; you've never cared for a woman. Every second I spend rushing towards her, I'm filled with a happiness that even transcends death." He placed his hand on Joseph's shoulder, giving it a reassuring pat.
"Also, your life is important too. Making it back alive, both of us-that's the perfect ending."
Joseph stood rigid, not daring to move.
The King he knew now was vastly different from before.
The old King was all about swift and decisive action. Anyone in his way wouldn't see another day.
He never cared for anyone's life, sometimes not even his own. His goal was to climb higher and higher.
He was cold, never enjoying what life had to offer.
But with Brielle, his emotions were like a rollercoaster.
He even learned to love. The words he just spoke were the best testament to that love.
Joseph couldn't grasp this feeling. After being saved by King, his life was all about obedience.
But it wasn't out of coercion.
Knowing King trusted no one, heet
his
was willing to entrust his life, even if it meant gaining just a trust. 
no
Joseph always thought, as long as King stayed on top, that was enough.
But now, seeing King grounded among people, he felt it was pretty good too. "Sir, I understand."
They quickly got dressed, ready to follow the government's lead with ninety-eight others into the zone, accompanied by thirty-some trucks loaded with supplies. 
Joseph decided to call his sister, Kailee, the only family he had in this world.
If he didn't make it back, his will, already left with his lawyer, would ensure Kailee never ran out of money, even if she spent wildly every day.
Kailee was busy instructing her servants to craft bowls, chopsticks, and purses out of jewels when she received the call.
Surrounded by shiny s, her recent heartbreak seemed cured.
"Bro, what's up?"
"Kailee, what are you doing?"
Kailee tossed aside a jewel she was
holding. "Still heartbroken over my breakup. You said I wasn't good enough for King, and it's killing me, Lately, a few guys have been
chasing after me, but they're just as handsome. I doubt I'll find anyone better looking than King. Oh God, am I doomed to be alone forever? Damn, why is Brielle so lucky? I can't understand how she could have such a cute kid." 
"Bro, it even feels like the kid chose her side over me. It hurts thinking about it. So, have you seen King? How's he been? Does he miss me?" Joseph chuckled softly, "That last question was unnecessary."
Kailee's face turned awkward.
###Chapter 1330
girl."
"Hey, Joey," Kailee's voice cut through the air, laced with impatience. "Why are you beating around the bush today? You're not about to tell me you've got a girlfriend, are you? Please, just no. I'm finally over my latest crush, and I don't want to lose my big brother to some Joseph rubbed his temples, feeling as if a fly was buzzing incessantly around his ear. So much noise.
"Why the silence, bro? Did you really find someone?" Kailee's urgency was palpable now. She got up, pulling off the faux angel wings from her Halloween costume, stretching her limbs, her eyes sharp and searching.
"Who thinks she's good enough to be my sister-in-law?"
Even though she had a thing for King, her brother was equally important. He'd fought his way up from the bottom, putting in so much effort to get where he was now.
No one was good enough for her brother.
"Would you just zip it for a second and listen?" Joseph's tone was gentle, but he sighed deeply. "I've been shadowing the boss lately. He's a good guy. But I won't be coming back to North America any time soon. Please, take care of yourself." Kailee froze, her heart squeezing tight.
"Stay safe, okay?" "Will do."
After hanging up, Joseph resumed massaging his temples. Such a little pest. It had been years since he'd been close to any woman except for his pesky sister, who had always been by his side. Kailee had been well protected, barely involved in the Sanchez family's dirty dealings, which was for the best.
Hearing a knock, Joseph quickly went to inform King. They needed to leave immediately; there wasn't a moment to spare.
The trucks and a hundred men were ready to go, with King and Joseph positioned in the center of the group. The local government, fearing for their safety, had instructed the other ninety-eight men to protect them at all costs.
Meanwhile, in the village, rumors had spread that the government would be sending supplies, prompting each household to send a representative to collect them.
The villagers were skeptical. After being abandoned years ago, any resistance had been met with arrogance. Why would they be offered help now?
Only Fisher had their trust.
As the villagers lined up along the road, gripping their forks, knives, and machetes, they were ready to stand their ground if these newcomers dared to spout nonsense in their territory. 
en FindNovel
The truck halted before them, and people in hazmat suits began unloading boxes of medicine in front of the wary villagers, who responded with curses in Arabic. "Disgusting vermin! Sewer trash!"
"Go back! Leave us to fend for ourselves! Go back!"
"You'll get what's coming to you!"
No one approached to take the medicine, but then, several bags of feminine hygiene products were tossed towards the women, their packaging ripped open to reveal the contents. 
The women's eyes widened in disbelief, exchanging shocked looks.
Feminine products were a luxual of
in
their country, unaffordable for many city dwellers, let alone them. 
The government had never considered their needs, nor thought to make these products more accessible.
They were used to receiving medicine from Fisher, but no one had ever thought to provide them with this necessity.
In the past, access to such essentials could cost a woman her dignity.
But now, there were dozens of bags lying before them.
Their eyes, filled with a burning need, turned towards the truck, igniting with hope.
###Chapter 1331
The ruckus gradually died down, and people exchanged uneasy looks. The man leading the crowd had no idea what was going on, but when he saw his wife tugging at his sleeve, he quieted down too. The scene took on an eerie calm.
Then, medical supplies and feminine products started getting unloaded. After a moment of stunned silence, folks dropped their tools and stepped up to help.
Conversations began to ripple through the crowd, echoing a shared belief that the government hadn't forgotten them after all.
Among the helpers, though, was Fisher's informant, subtly passing information while pitching in. But the newcomers were all bundled up, their faces hidden from view.
Fisher, originally preoccupied and planning to confront Brielle due to his waning patience, was intrigued by the lookout's report of strangers arriving.
Could it be his son's doing?
The villagers' uncharacteristic lack of hostility puzzled Fisher, stirring a sense of unease in him. He instructed Bryan to take a few men and investigate. Venturing beyond the compound was considered a deadly gamble, a toxic no-man's land. But Bryan, ever loyal, gathered a small group and headed out.
As they approached the perimeter, a convoy of trucks was nearing the fence. Bryan squinted, signaling his team to shoot the tires and report back to Fisher.
In a bold move, Bryan's undercover agents tried to unmask the frontliners in hazmat suits, revealing dark-skinned individuals beneath.
Not Fisher's son.
Could these really be government officials?
A hundred well-trained personnel stood before them.
Bryan, wearing just a face mask, watched the thirty-odd trucks without flinching. He aimed at a tire, fired, and the truck came to a halt. Coincidentally, it was the one King was in.
King glanced at the distant figure. It was too far to see clearly, but something felt familiar.

"Sir, this truck's done for. Let's switch vehicles," someone suggested amidst the chaos, as villagers now eyed the
hazmat-suited strangers with suspicion. en FindNovel
A standoff ensued, all vehicles coming to a halt.
Those stripped of their suits began to panic, seeing someone vomit, terrified by the thought of a deadly disease with a 100% fatality rate.
To the villagers, these strangers were like mice in a snake pit-dangerous just by being there.
King stepped out, carrying medical supplies. He approached a villager and spoke soothingly in Arabic.
"Don't worry. The government plans
to build a hospital, improve the water system, and pave roads to the city. This land hasn't been abandoned-we're here to help. 
II
His voice was calming. The leader's wife, her eyes on the feminine products, quietly wept.
The women stopped resisting, and after a moment of hesitation, the men returned to unloading the supplies.
Joseph wanted to join King but was stopped by a warning from King through their intercom.
"Stay put. We're being watched, and they're armed," King cautioned.
Outnumbered and compromised, they were at a disadvantage.
King, while helping with the supplies, kept a close eye on the masked man, feeling an odd sense of recognition.
He reached out through their shared memories to Max.
"Does that guy look familiar to you?"
Max was silent for a while before suggesting they call for
reinforcements from North America, proposing to bring in Jaired and Irene for backup in this unfolding situation. 
###Chapter 1332
Joseph had already briefed King about the North American situation. Now that Irene had snagged the presidency, she was at the peak of boredom, utterly indifferent to her own safety and probably itching for some thrill. She was a loose cannon, always seeming like she was daring someone to take her down.
"Got it," King said, relaying the instructions to Joseph through the walkie-talkie, "Get in touch with North America."
King and his crew were in a stalemate. Moving forward was a no-go since the guy on the other side would turn them into easy targets.
And with the townsfolk around, firing back wasn't an option either. They were stuck, waiting for the other side to make a move.
King had a feeling Fisher was getting jittery, wanting to figure out who they really were.
The moment Fisher slipped up, Brielle would find her chance.
Bryan, noticing the group had no plans to cross the line, decided to fall back and report to Fisher.
Fisher was busy discussing with the local sheriff how to boot out the intruders.
The sheriff had been sweet-talked by Fisher before, promised a hospital that never materialized. Two years on, and the land was still barren.
If the government was really willing to step in now, the sheriff believed it was a better bet than trusting a washed-up old king.
But the sheriff kept his thoughts to himself. His power came from the love of his townsfolk, but Fisher had brought in some serious muscle. If the sheriff stepped out of line, Fisher wouldn't hesitate to take him down. "Fisher, until we're sure if these folks are sent by the government or not, I can't just kick them out," the sheriff said, his dark hands gripping a cup of water provided by Fisher.
In this land, water was a precious resource.
The rampant disease was largely due to water scarcity, forcing people to drink from the only river nearby, often contaminated with animal carcasses, human remains, and sewage. Without proper filtration, illness was inevitable.
Now, thanks to Fisher's filtration
techniques, they had access to
clean water, which was why the net
sheriff was willing to listen to Fisher.
ходим
But human greed knew no bounds. Clean water wasn't enough; they desperately needed medical facilities.
Fisher's eyes narrowed, unsure of the intruders' motives. Just then, Bryan walked in.
Fisher asked, "What's the word? Who are those people?"
Bryan reported, "Probed a few of them, all dark-skinned, but couldn't get a full read since everyone's bundled up tight. For now, they seem content staying outside the perimeter." 
This eased Fisher's mind a bit. After all, how could King know he was hiding here so quickly?
A smirk crossed Fisher's face, his
thoughts drifting to Brielle in bed igniting a fire in him. The thought of being with his son's favorite woman was thrilling. 
"Bryan, keep an eye on them. If they try crossing the fence, have the townsfolk take them out. Just ripping their suits will do the job." The diseased townsfolk were weapons in themselves.
"Understood," Bryan nodded, though his calm demeanor was shaken by the mention of one name: Jaired.
Odd, he thought, why did Brielle's mention of Jaired feel so familiar?
Frowning, Fisher clapped a hand on his shoulder. "How was Brielle?"
Pride oozed from Fisher, "She's my son's favorite, after all."
"Not bad," Bryan responded nonchalantly, as Fisher's hand continued to pat his shoulder.
"Hope you cleaned up. I don't want any trace of you on her when I go in."
Bryan nodded again, and Fisher strutted towards Brielle's room, leaving Bryan alone with his thoughts.
###Chapter 1333
It was already night, and Brielle had been pretending to be unconscious, listening as the noise outside grew louder.
She frowned, hearing a rustle near the window.
This was the signal she and Ricardo had agreed on. She quickly got up and moved to the window, where, sure enough, Ricardo was waiting.
"Brielle, I've checked everywhere else. Fisher's laptop isn't anywhere to be found. It's probably in your room. But the folks left at the base aren't just top-notch assassins; they've got hackers too. The second you touch Fisher's laptop, they'll know." Brielle's eyes narrowed. "What if I force Fisher to delete those videos himself?"
Ricardo stiffened, caught off guard by her suggestion. But what could they use to threaten Fisher?
By now, the guy probably wasn't scared of anything.
"Ricardo, get inside and hide under the bed."
Ricardo, unsure of Brielle's plan, was about to climb in when the door swung open.
It was Fisher.
From his angle, all he could see was Brielle standing by the window, smirking as she approached.
"Looking gorgeous as ever. Seems Bryan woke you up. Let me check if you're hurt."
This was his turf; he had no reason to be cautious.
Besides, he never imagined Brielle would dare to pull any tricks.
As Fisher lunged at her, Brielle spun around.
With a swift judo move, she slammed him hard onto the floor, then, without hesitation, grabbed a cup nearby and shoved it into his mouth.
The cup was large, tearing the corners of Fisher's mouth. He couldn't remove it, leaving him staring at Brielle in shock and fear, blood trickling from his lips.
Brielle noticed his belt had come undone. She scanned the room and found a dagger.
Their guns had been taken long ago. Armed with the dagger, she approached Fisher.
Fisher, still trying to remove the cup from his mouth and dazed from the slam, couldn't muster the strength to resist.
Brielle stepped on his chest and looked outside.
"Ricardo, come in."
Ricardo, still outside the window, was stunned by Brielle's smooth moves.
He recalled that during their three days here, Brielle had trained
with
King, picking up a few tricks foet
subduing an enemy. 
Combining that with Fisher's underestimation and haste, Brielle found her opportunity. Ricardo climbed in through the window, taking the dagger Brielle handed him.
"Make him delete the stuff from his laptop, or this gets chopped off!" Brielle's voice was firm, speaking in a language Fisher understood making him visibly shrink in fear. 
Ricardo held the dagger to that delicate spot, "Sorry, Fisher, but you need to open that laptop and delete everything if you want to keep your manhood." 
Fisher's face went from pale to livid, his eyes burning with rage.
But as Brielle watched him, a hint of doubt flickered in her eyes.
Before she could ponder further, the floor of the room suddenly began to give way.
She realized in an instant.
This Fisher in the room was a decoy!
The real Fisher wouldn't panic like this!
That sly fox, always finding a way out!
Brielle and Ricardo fell through, landing with the fake Fisher at the bottom.
The fall wasn't deadly, but it left them trapped in an underground tunnel, its destination unknown.
Ricardo, furious, grabbed the fake Fisher, blaming him for this trap.
"Lead us out!"
The fake Fisher, terrified, begged for mercy.
"Let me go, and I won't touch you. I'll lead you out."
Brielle, assessing their surroundings, pressed her foot against the decoy's chest.
"So, there's no laptop in the room?"
Fisher really did treasure his life, preparing a decoy in advance.
The Fisher Brielle had seen initially was real, but tonight's intruder was a fake.
Clearly, Fisher suspected that his son's beloved wouldn't be so easily dealt with, hence the decoy's test.
Such cunning, it's no wonder he'd remained undetected for so long.
###Chapter 1334
When Brielle's foot connected with Fake Fisher's gut, it was so brutal he coughed up blood and curled into a ball, too scared to say a word. Seething, Brielle kicked him again. "Talk! Where's the computer?!"
Terrified for his life, Fake Fisher spilled everything. "I swear, I don't know. I'm just a decoy Fisher set up. He had me get surgery to look like him. Fisher's nuts, keeping a bunch of look-alikes around. None of us know his real plans. These tunnels could go anywhere; only he knows which paths are safe and which are traps. I'd seriously advise against messing with them."
In that moment, Brielle had to grudgingly respect Fisher's crafty survival tactics. But sticking around wasn't an option for her and Ricardo; they'd be easy targets.
"We need to move, find a new spot. That way, even if Fisher wants to catch us, he'll have to go through the tunnels first."
"Ricardo, take him with us. Let's get out of here."
Fake Fisher looked like he wanted to scream, but the sight of Ricardo's knife flashing before his eyes shut him up instantly. Only Fisher knew the complete layout of these tunnels, and to prevent anyone from tracking his movements, he'd left them unmonitored. Fisher's logic was simple: if he ever had to hide in the tunnels, his memorized map would let him escape swiftly. Many areas within were death traps, ensuring any intruder wouldn't come out alive.
Outside the room, Fisher stood in the shadows, a cold sneer crossing his lips before commanding his men to scour the tunnels. Whether his own men survived was not his concern.
Bryan stepped forward, intent on joining the search, but Fisher stopped him.
"Bryan, I need you to rally the others. Be ready for any government agents that come sniffing around. I've got a hunch my son is hiding out here somewhere. This is my turf; if he dares show his face, he won't leave alive."
Fisher's smirk was smug, relieved
he'd used a decoy, or he'd be the one
at Brielle's mercy now. His eyes gleamed, a sly smile curling his lips. 
"No rush, I still have an ace up my sleeve."
"Bryan, listen, find my son. Alive, if possible. I want to see his face when I take everything from him."
Bryan knelt, his usually impassive heart stirred by memories of a
similar loyalty from years past. But to whom? His life had been Fisher's gift; Fisher was his only master. 
en FindNovel
"Your will be done. I'll stop them."
Bryan's head bowed, a slight frown creasing his brow as a distant conversation echoed in his mind.
"Boss, are you sure you want me to go?"
"You're defying my orders?"
"001 would never dare."
His body tensed, the dialogue eerily familiar, yet he couldn't recall to whom it belonged.
"Bryan, what are you waiting for? Get the professor too. We can't have that old coot stabbing us in the back."
Rising, Bryan cast aside those
inexplicable thoughts. It must have
been just a dream, perhaps
fragments of a dream's navelite
###Chapter 1335
In the professor's study, he smirked when he learned that Brielle had tumbled into the tunnels and Fisher's men had followed her. Without hesitation, he opened the hidden tunnel entrance in his room.
The idea of Fisher becoming the king of Saudi Arabia didn't interest him at all. Fisher was obsessed with avenging his son and the queen, who had died long ago. But the professor had different goals. He planned to get a hefty sum from the Lynch family and use it to live a
lavish life with Lillian.
Only Fisher had the complete map of the tunnels, but the professor had been with him long enough to have a decent understanding of them. He was confident he could find Brielle and get her out.
By the time the old king realized Brielle was missing, it would be too late.
The professor didn't care about the operatives in the tunnels. They weren't truly loyal to him; they just obeyed because he had something incriminating on them.
Hearing Bryan's voice outside, the professor quickly slipped into the tunnel and escaped.
When Bryan entered the room and saw it empty with the tunnel door open, he raised an eyebrow. Clever, he thought, to have escaped so soon. He went back to inform Fisher.
Fisher chuckled. "He thinks just because he's walked the tunnels with me a few times, he can find his way out? He underestimates the complexity of the traps I've set. Let him wander; he won't find his way out easily. Focus on using those we have underground." Bryan nodded and shifted his attention elsewhere.
Meanwhile, Brielle and Ricardo were lost in the labyrinth of tunnels, realizing that most doors led to danger. Fisher's cunning meant that most paths were traps.
Their plan was simple: wait it out. The complexity of the tunnels was their ally. Without Fisher to guide them, capturing Brielle would be difficult, especially with Ricardo by her side. 
The imposter Fisher, pale and terrified, warned them, "Only one door leads to freedom; the rest hide venomous creatures, wild beasts, or diseased people. Contact with them means certain death." 
Brielle wanted to kick him, but Ricardo was faster and knocked him to the ground. "You said you knew nothing before. What now?" Ricardo demanded.
Spitting blood, the imposter Fisher begged for mercy. He knew little only that Fisher had sent people out for plastic surgery to act as decoys and that the tunnels were dangerous without Fisher's guidance. 
Brielle decided the imposter had no more useful information and chose to ignore him, moving ahead with Ricardo through the darkness.
After they left, the imposter burst into maniacal laughter, puzzling Brielle but not stopping her.
Exhausted, Brielle sat down to rest. Ricardo handed her a bottle of water, but she hesitated to drink, lost in thought about the imposter's sudden laughter. "Why not drink? Aren't you thirsty?" Ricardo asked.
"I'm wondering... Why did that coward laugh like that? There must be a reason," Brielle pondered, still trying to make sense of the imposter's odd behavior.
###Chapter 1336
Ricardo sat next to her, humming softly. "What else could it be? Probably scared stiff at the thought of us leaving him behind." Brielle's eyes shifted downward before she stood up. "Ricardo, we can't hang around here any longer. We've gotta find an exit, and fast. Let's go." Ricardo nodded, following closely behind her.
This time, Brielle stopped at one of the doors and glanced at Ricardo. "We've passed so many doors, and I have no idea which one to open. If we keep wandering like this, I might just die here before King shows up. We need to take a chance." Each door was locked, but the keys were conveniently placed right next to them. Brielle picked up a key and slowly unlocked the door.
It was a steel door-Fisher clearly used the best materials for his escape routes. As soon as the door creaked open, the roar of a starving beast echoed from inside.
Before Ricardo could react, Brielle shoved him in and locked the door behind him.
Trapped inside, Ricardo faced Brielle through the door. "Ms. Brielle, what's the meaning of this?"
Brielle locked the door, slipped the key into her pocket, and her face turned pale. "Ms. Brielle, did you push me in here because you're afraid of the beast? That's pretty cold-hearted."
Brielle's heart pounded as she stared coldly at the door. "I asked you if you wanted to know why the fake Fisher was laughing."
"Ms. Brielle, I don't understand. I didn't think you were the type to fear death. How could King ever fall for someone like you?"
"You're not Ricardo. The real Ricardo
got separated from me several times in those dark tunnels. The fake Fisher mentioned that Fisher had sent a group of people for plastic surgery, and he had stolen King's mother's remains long ago, which means he's been observing us for a while. At first, I thought those surgeries were just to create his doubles. But the fake Fisher's laughter made me realize those surgeries weren't just to mimic Fisher. They could be anyone close
to me and King." 
Brielle's heart raced, no one knew how terrified she was when she asked that question. It felt like the grim reaper's scythe was hanging over her head, poised to strike at any moment.
That's why she didn't dare drink the
water, because she had already considered this possibility. What confirmed, her suspicion was when Ricardo didn't stop her from unlocking the door just now. If it
were the real Ricardo, he would have taken the key, opened the door
himself, ensuring her safety.
The fake Ricardo didn't stop Brielle, probably knowing he could handle the beast inside. Brielle was sweating profusely. She couldn't believe she had walked so far alongside a fake Ricardo.
She knew she couldn't stay there any longer and continued forward alone, avoiding the water on the ground, and refusing to open any more doors, just waiting for King to arrive.
Now she realized she wasn't the only one in these tunnels; she needed to find a place to hide.
Above ground, Irene and Jaired arrived quickly. Irene, who had just become the President of North America, was now dressed in a fiery outfit, sitting atop a truck, surveying the barren land.
Irene had come along because she was bored. Even after becoming president and exiling those royals who looked at her sideways, she still found life to be empty. So, coming here seemed like a good distraction, especially since King mentioned there would be some fun.
But when she saw villagers vomiting non-stop, Irene caressed the throwing knife on her wrist. "King, this is what you call fun? I may not fear death, but I do hate being grossed out. Believe me, I could kill you right now."
###Chapter 1337
King stood in the truck, his eyes scanning the scenery outside, his voice calm and steady.
"You used me and the Lynch family to take down that base. We helped you destroy it. For years, those base folks have meddled in Brielle's life, and I never held it against you. Now you've been tricked by me once, isn't that enough to call it even?" Irene stood at the front of the truck, her position giving her a higher vantage point. She had been searching for a place to rest forever, but this barren land was far from what she desired.
She even found herself envying Kenzo's fate, wishing everything could go back to the beginning, to be buried at sea, dissolved into nothingness-a fitting end.
She unfastened the throwing knife from her wrist, examining it closely in front of her.
Jaired stood beside King, also looking out over the land.
They were about to cross the fence, having delayed for over a day and night, and nobody could afford to wait any longer.
King had been tracking Brielle's movements, noticing her circling the same spot, obviously stuck somewhere.
Though there was no immediate danger, there was no telling if her mental state would start to falter. They needed to reach her side quickly.
The truck slowly moved forward, inching closer to the fence.
Nearby, Bryan stood watch in a guard tower.
As the truck drew nearer, he squinted, ready to command his men to fire, but froze upon locking eyes with the woman at the forefront of the vehicle. Familiar conversations flooded his mind.
"Boss, you sure you want me to go?"
"You're defying my orders?"
"001 would never dare."
Gazing at that silhouette, Bryan felt his body heat up. Was he falling ill?
His cheeks flushed with heat, spreading down to his neck.
His men awaited his command, but seeing him stunned in place, face flushed, they were taken aback.
"Bryan?"
Snapping back to reality, Bryan felt every cell in his body clamoring, buzzing with excitement.
"Bryan, you're all flushed. Got a fever?"
Bryan quickly turned away, not wanting his unusual state to be seen. He even placed a hand over his wildly beating heart.
Damn it, what was happening with his heart? It felt as though it was about to leap out of his throat.
How bizarre.
How eerie.
"Bryan, are we still firing? They're about to breach."
The concern was evident on the speaker's face. They all followed Bryan's lead, but with him seemingly bewitched, they were at a loss, forced to watch the approaching trucks helplessly. FindNovel
"I don't know."
Bryan's honesty was palpable. After a minute, he gestured for a weapon.
"Hand me a bow and arrow."
Some of the local tribes still preserved ancient hunting traditions, and archery was their forte.
The bow and arrow were passed to him, and Bryan took aim, firing at Irene.
Irene sensed a whooshing sound and initially mistook it for a bullet, but the next moment, an arrow lodged into the ground beside her. Narrowing her eyes, she looked towards the guard tower.
She had been expecting gunfire,
aware of the ambush, and had prepared thoroughly, thinking they would encounter a fierce battle just outside the fence. Yet, it wasn't until now that a single arrow was shot. 
Not a bullet, but an arrow.
It felt like a taunt.
How interesting.
QUMS
Now, with the distance between them shortened, Irene could see the person atop the tower. If not for his face being partially obscured, she might have mistaken him forJaired. 
But Jaired had been by her side the whole time, on this very truck, so that man couldn't be Jaired. Irene's pupils contracted as she watched him lower the bow, resting his elbow, gazing down at her.
Ignoring the flush on his face, he did carry an air of authority.
Irene frowned slightly, noting his lack of further action, and turned to King.
"This fence doesn't look too hard to cross. Why did you guys delay so much?"
King remained silent, simply lifting his gaze to the man above.
After a while, he glanced towards Jaired, who had his gun aimed at the figure but hadn't fired.
On the tower, Bryan's companion eventually caught on.
Was he smitten with the woman on the other side?
Is that why he hesitated?
He called out.
"Hey, miss, the one in the tank top and black pants, our boss seems to have taken a fancy to you. If you all want to leave unscathed, you might want to come up here."
Irene couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity. She had her fair share of men, sure, but she wasn't just anyone's for the taking.
The very thought of this local leader, in such a desolate place, thinking he could have her?
In his dreams!
###Chapter 1338
"Damn it!"
She's the President of North America, for heaven's sake!
Jaired, standing below, heard the shout from above and lowered his gaze, already mentally preparing for the unfortunate soul who dared to speak out.
Lately, Irene had been on edge - a real firecracker. If she took it personally, not many could stand in her way.
But still, he stepped forward. "Irene, let me handle him."
Irene, however, raised her hand, stopping him, and just exchanged glances with Bryan up in the watchtower.
"Jaired."
It was Jaired she called, but Bryan up in the tower stiffened, awkwardly averting his gaze, his cheeks flushing even redder.
Irene didn't notice and continued instructing Jaired.
"You and King head inside. Leave this to me; I'll deal with that man."
Jaired knew this meant Irene was in the mood to toy with her prey before finishing them off with her signature throwing knife-just like she did with those two royal pests from North America. She never cared for the consequences, always seemingly on the hunt for a fitting grave for herself.
But Jaired knew Irene wouldn't fancy the graves here.
They were too dirty, too barren, nothing worthy of her stature.
So she wouldn't be marching towards her death willingly.
As long as she wasn't seeking it, no one could claim her life.
Jaired, thus reassured, turned to King with his instructions.
"I don't know why that guy didn't stop us, but let's head inside. Seems he didn't alert anyone inside either. Did your deadbeat dad text you?"
If Fisher knew King's crew had arrived, he'd have sent threatening messages by now.
But King's phone was still silent, indicating Fisher was in the dark about their arrival.
Bryan, since laying eyes on Irene, had his mind in a whirl, feeling an overwhelming heat coursing through him, so much so that he hadn't thought to notify Fisher.
He felt alien to himself, as if something within him was roaring to break free.
The others in the watchtower just watched Irene ascend, someone nudging Bryan.
"Aren't you going to alert Fisher?"
But Bryan's mind was occupied with Irene's approaching figure and the familiar sight of the thin blade
between her fingers, as if it belonged to him. 
His adam's apple bobbed, his face reddened more, but his gaze remained fixed on her.
Seeing Bryan give no orders, the others hesitated, knowing they were Bryan's men first, Fisher's second.
Irene had now reached the watchtower, giving Bryan a once-over.
"Handsome enough, resembles Jaired a bit, my type."
But she wouldn't touch any man from here too filthy.
Who knows what diseases they might carry.
Irene, arms crossed, spoke indifferently, "So, how do you want to die?"
The others were instantly enraged. "Bryan! Just give the word, and we'll take her down!"
"Yeah, daring to speak like that!"
"She's just a pretty face! A hot body, umm, nice skin too."
He would have continued, but Bryan's command cut him off, "Shut it, all of you, get down."
Confused, they also pondered the chaos that must have erupted inside with the others' arrival.
Unsure of Bryan's intentions, they wished he'd clue them in if he was planning a betrayal.
Once they left, an eerie silence settled, the desolation around them only broken by the sight of decrepit houses.
Irene couldn't stand this place, eager to dispose of this man and leave these filthy lands.
The air itself was intolerable to her.
But then the man suddenly reached out, pulling her towards him.
Irene realized his skills were far better than she anticipated. If she went all out, they might be evenly matched, a fact that surprised her given the poverty of this land 
Upon her arrival, she'd effortlessly dispatched ninety-eight thugs,
show and no substance, deepnet belongs to en.kikistori
her disdain for this place.
But this man was clearly different.
Caught off guard, she found herself tightly embraced at the waist.
###Chapter 1339
He slumped back, finally resting on the only bench atop the watchtower.
"What a way to tempt fate," he muttered.
Just as she was about to act, his voice stopped her in her tracks. "I don't know why, but something about you feels so familiar, comforting even. This dagger, it's like I've known it forever. And honestly, I'm just so tired." Years of living on the edge, his mind constantly wound tight, he had thrown himself into mission after perilous mission, thriving on the danger each new task brought.
It was as if he was desperately searching for something, though he couldn't quite put his finger on what it was.
Surviving time and again only deepened the void within him.
His skills, sharpened by countless operations, had earned Fisher's unwavering trust, making him Fisher's most reliable confidant.
Even someone as cunning as Fisher had once admitted, "Bryan, your dedication is unmatched. You're my right-hand man, so much so that I'd trust you with my life." Yet, Bryan hadn't stopped; he pursued even more dangerous tasks.
But now, holding this woman, inhaling her sweet scent, he felt exhaustion wash over him for the first time.
He wanted to walk away from this blood-soaked life, feeling as though he'd finally found what he'd been blindly seeking, wishing for nothing more than to stop.
Irene froze, his words striking a chord within her. Shortly after, his breathing softened, and in less than a minute, he was fast asleep.
So deeply asleep, as if nothing could wake him.
A sharp pang of emotion turned Irene's face pale, an emotion she couldn't quite identify.
Clutching the dagger, she considered slashing her own throat.
Yet, the weapon halted mid-air, her gaze fixed on his face, ultimately unable to go through with it, perhaps because of his resemblance to Jaired.
Irene's gaze dropped to the chaos beyond the watchtower, the overwhelming desire to flee momentarily quelled.
She wondered how Jaired and King were faring, feeling detached from it all.
Turning to the peacefully sleeping figure, she frowned. Was it his face that had bewitched her?
If she truly sought a replacement for 001, Jaired would have been the obvious choice.
Though Jaired didn't harbor feelings for her, guilt would prevent him from denying her anything.
He'd do anything for her, or more accurately, for the memory of the wronged 001.
Tears welled in Irene's eyes at the 001, each memory
into her heart, threatening to
Her few moments of weakness had always been linked to 001.
Irene, typically in control of her emotions, now felt a constricting pain, her fingertips trembling. She hadn't intended to find a substitute for 001; no one could take his place, not even Jaired.
Just as the agony threatened to shatter her sanity, a voice reached her ears.
"Boss, are you sure I should go?"
Irene stiffened, as if frozen, half-expecting it to be a hallucination.
But then, he spoke again.
"001 wouldn't dare."
"Wouldn't dare defy your orders."
Without responding, Irene's vision blurred, the world around her swirling into an indistinct landscape. Suddenly, she covered her mouth, tears streaming down uncontrollably.
She feared that releasing her grip would
Unleash a torrent of Set
potentially waking the man
hem
belongs to
In his sleep, he occasionally furrowed his brow, his loyalty even evident in his dreams.
At last, he uttered the words he'd wanted to say that night.
"001 wouldn't dare. This was the birthday gift I wanted to give you on the night you came of age." "Worried I might never get another chance, I searched long and hard for a retired craftsman."
Unable to contain herself any longer, Irene turned and embraced the man her, sobbing uncontrollably
beside he
for the first time. 
###Chapter 1340
Jaired and King had ditched their truck and were making steady progress toward the chief's hideout. Fisher, meanwhile, hadn't heard a peep from Bryan, which led him to wrongly assume everything was under control.
Fisher had unwavering trust in Bryan, who had been his right-hand man for a solid decade, navigating countless risky missions and always coming back unscathed. For someone as shrewd and deceitful as Fisher to trust Bryan so deeply spoke volumes about their bond. But that trust backfired. Without updates from Bryan, Fisher felt secure, oblivious to the fact that King's men had already surrounded the area.
Fisher was in the middle of promising the chief that a hospital would be built soon, unaware that the chief already knew the government was distributing a year's worth of medical supplies, signaling a potential takeover and a glimmer of hope for the locals. Despite Fisher's grand promises, there had been no real action, and the chief was growing impatient.
"I know what you're up to, Fisher," the chief said with a cold smile. "You've got three days to start building that hospital, or my people and I will leave for the government's protection."
The chief's influence was on par with Fisher's, and the villagers trusted him deeply. If the chief decided to leave with the villagers, Fisher would lose his human shield-a grave and dangerous loss.
Realizing the stakes, Fisher's eyes flashed with cold resolve as he pulled out a silenced pistol and aimed at the chief's head. The chief didn't even have time to react before a bullet found its mark, and he crumpled to the ground.
With a cruel grin, Fisher mutilated the chief's face to make it look like a disease had killed him, then wrapped his head, leaving just enough blood visible to suggest an illness. He knew no one would dare to uncover it.
As he stepped into the dimming evening, Fisher couldn't shake the unease about Bryan's silence. He trusted Bryan completely, believing he was incapable of betrayal after years of loyal service.
But something felt off. The quiet
was unnerving. Just as he was
about to move to another room, a bullet hit his leg, bringing him down. Another bullet quickly followed, striking his abdomen. Any hope crawling to safety was dashed as two more bullets shattered his legs. 
Fisher couldn't believe what was happening. Who would dare shoot him here? As King approached, Fisher's face twisted in rage and confusion. With Bryan supposedly keeping watch, how had King managed to slip through? What had gone wrong? 
King, decisive and unyielding, had cut off Fisher's escape. Fisher had always believed he was safe, knowing only he had the map to the tunnels. But now, with his legs useless and his abdomen bleeding, escape was impossible. 
King walked up, gun in hand, and Fisher managed a spiteful smile.
"Too late, my dear boy," he sneered. "Your woman? She was quite the delicacy. I've already had my fill, and so have my men."
###Chapter 1341
But in the next second, another bullet struck his shoulder.
Fisher coughed in pain, his lips curling into a cold smirk. "Being loved by me was her privilege. Maybe she's already carrying my child. Such a pity for the beauty."
King reacted swiftly, his leg shooting out to kick Fisher squarely in the jaw. Fisher's jaw snapped to the side, leaving him unable to utter a single word.
He still couldn't wrap his head around how King had managed to infiltrate the place. With Bryan on his side, Fisher had thought his defenses were impenetrable. Bryan was his ace in the hole, and now that his fortress had been breached, he was at King's mercy. And King was merciless, not giving Fisher a moment to stall for time.
Meanwhile, King's crew was engaged in a fierce battle with the guards, the area erupting into chaos, bullets flying everywhere. But around King, there was a deadly calm.
"Where's Brielle?" he demanded, aiming his gun at Fisher. Fisher responded with a cold, blood-streaked sneer, full of disdain. He relished in the agony he thought he was inflicting on King. Even if King had arrived, Brielle had already been pushed into the labyrinth of tunnels below, beyond anyone's reach, especially with Fisher's trump card lying in wait.
King read the defiance in Fisher's eyes, knowing well he wouldn't get a shred of truth from him. So, he stood, pointing his gun at Fisher's heart. "Goodbye then."
Fisher's eyes reflected not fear but frustration, unable to accept how his meticulously laid plans had crumbled so swiftly. How had King infiltrated without a whisper of warning? What had gone wrong at the perimeter? But no answer came.
With a loud "Bang!", Fisher's eyes closed forever.
King's team quickly secured the area. Without Fisher and the professor, the remaining forces at the base ceased their resistance. Someone spilled the beans about the tunnels, and King's tech showed Brielle's signal overlapping with their légation, indicating she was somewhere beneath them. 
Fisher had rigged nearly every room with an entrance to his elaborate network of tunnels, but few dared to venture into them, for each door could tead to untold dangers. But without entering, finding the exit was next to impossible. 
Twenty people, including King with a rope tied around his waist, cautiously entered the tunnels. The sight that greeted them was staggering: forty passages, meaning the initial twenty were nowhere near sufficient. They needed double the manpower. 
Luckily, local authorities were backing King's operation, sending an additional two hundred troops to assist. Including King, forty people, each secured with a rope, ventured into the labyrinth.
Fisher's intricate design meant that anyone rash enough to follow without caution was walking into a trap. The walls could rotate, turning a passage into a dead end in an instant.
Brielle, parched and weary, hadn't managed to open a single door. In this maze, among hundreds, only one led to freedom. She dared not act rashly, choosing instead to wait for King's rescue. She had faith in him.
Deciding against wasting more energy, Brielle found a spot to rest, only to freeze at the sound of approaching footsteps. Silently, she gripped a stone from the ground, ready for whatever came next.
###Chapter 1342
The footsteps weren't fast or light. They were heavy, almost ominous.
Definitely
not Ricardo.
And not King either.
In the dim light, Brielle saw the figure approaching. It was the professor, his face horrifying, blood seeping from every orifice.
A chill shot down Brielle's spine, and she shot to her feet, pure instinct driving her to run.
The professor was infected.
This was beyond anything she could have anticipated.
But seeing Brielle seemed to ignite something in him; his already bloodshot eyes flared with a terrifying intensity as his lips twisted into a grotesque smile.
"Brielle, hahaha"
He staggered after her.
Brielle's heart pounded. She wasn't afraid of getting hurt, but the disease... it terrified her. If Fisher had come to this godforsaken place, it meant there was no cure. She'd heard about this illness back in school.
A 100% fatality rate. And now, the professor had it. If she got near him, she'd be done for.
Luckily, the infected professor was slower now, often stopping to retch, his bloodshot eyes locked on her as he followed.
In the late stages, the disease caused bleeding from every opening and spread through bodily fluids. Any contact with the professor's stuff could mean infection.
Sweat dripped down Brielle's forehead. She didn't dare look ahead, just sprinted through every corridor she found.
But the professor's footsteps echoed behind her, his laughter haunting the halls.
After what felt like a mile, Brielle hit a dead end. The footsteps grew closer. Her face turned white at the sight of the wall, with only one door beside her. Who knew what horrors lay beyond it, but she had no choice. Taking a deep breath, she turned the Knob and stepped inside 
Immediately, her scalp prickled with dread. The room was filled with infected people, writhing like maggots, trapped in this space.
Seeing the women caged like
animals had been just a glimpse into
the darkness. Now, surrounded by these sick, imprisoned souls, Brielle felt a mix of disgust, powerlessness, and sorrow. en FindNovel
They were beyond help, the air thick with the stench of rotting flesh. This was Fisher's doing.
Leaning against the door, Brielle clutched the key, too scared to go back out. Outside was no safer; the professor might infect her on purpose. But those inside were too weak to pose a threat. Facing them, though, required overcoming immense psychological horror. 
Her fingers retreated into her sleeves, afraid to touch anything. The walls, undoubtedly, had been touched by the infected.
But no sound came from the professor outside. If he'd followed her here, he would've called out.
After ten minutes of tense silence, Brielle cracked the door open. All was quiet.
The professor lay by the door, surrounded by a pool of blood.
Brielle froze, then cautiously stepped out. But the next second, a bloodied hand gripped her ankle. "Brielle, hehehe"
A shiver of pure terror ran through her. Staring at the bloodied hand, only one thought crossed her mind. Bodily fluids.
She was doomed.
###Chapter 1343
She kicked the professor away with one strong shove, feeling utterly drained. The professor kept vomiting, blood blooming on his chest from a gunshot wound-definitely a silenced pistol. Who had come down here?
Brielle felt tears well up, realizing King's men must be here. But now, she was trapped. She kicked the professor again, a wave of nausea hitting her, but nothing came up. The professor let out a weak chuckle before dying, his bloodshot eyes staring blankly, clearly proud of his final act.
Catching her breath, Brielle took off her jacket and cleaned the blood from her ankle. She continued forward. Around the corner, she saw a figure that looked strikingly like King. Hope flared in her eyes as she instinctively ran towards him.
"King!" she called out. But as he turned, her relief vanished. It wasn't King. It was a man who looked eerily similar, bleeding from every orifice. Terror seized Brielle, her legs giving out as she screamed. These were Fisher's decoys, surgically altered to look like King. She stood frozen, watching the man collapse with a bullet wound to the forehead.
Before she could react, she was pulled into a familiar embrace, warmth flooding her senses and bringing tears to her eyes. King said nothing, just hoisted her onto his back. He radioed the others, saying he had found her and ordering a retreat. The trapped people would be the local government's responsibility.
Using the rope they'd descended on, King silently led Brielle out. She knew it was him. Worried about the blood on her ankle, she began to struggle. "I can walk. I have the strength," she insisted. King smiled gently. "Brielle, I want to carry you."
Brielle bit her lip, fighting back tears. It felt like an eternity before they emerged into daylight, greeted by the faces of the local community. Once outside, King gently placed her in the car.
"We're leaving The rest is up to the local government," he said. He had pledged twenty tons of medical supplies, feminine products, and a billion dollars to ensure a hospital was built. With proper healthcare and clean water, the community's health would improve. 
King, his eyes red, leaned in to kiss her, but Brielle stepped back, pale with fear. King, startled, tried to comfort her. "Brielle?" "Give me a day to myself," she whispered.
King, saddened, instructed Joseph to handle the remaining details with the government. They headed back to the city. Jaired, standing behind them, was worried about Irene's silence. He needed to check on her immediately. 
Brielle saw a protective suit in the car and started putting it on, thinking it might protect others if she were infected. King, mistaking her fear for trauma from disease, silently helped her his touch gentle. 
"Let's go. We'll pick up Irene and head out," he said, signaling the departure.
As they drove away, Jaired was consumed with worry over Irene's silence. Could something have gone terribly wrong?
Reaching their destination, Jaired leapt from the car towards the watchtower, only to hear Irene's voice teasingly urging, "Slow down, that's amazing... Come back to North America with me, be my First Man."
###Chapter 1344
Jaired's footsteps came to an abrupt halt, his scalp tingling with fury as a wave of anger surged from his feet to the top of his head.
"What the hell? In this godforsaken place, she's still hooking up with men?!"
Back in North America, fine, whatever. At least those guys were clean, handpicked from a crowd. But here? In this disease-ridden wasteland, she hadn't answered her phone all night because she was messing around with the guy from the watchtower? Stomping up the stairs, Jaired felt his vision blur with rage. He'd caught Irene in compromising positions with other men before, but never like this. Irene was clinging to the man's neck, suspended in the air, her legs wrapped around his waist, her face flushed with desire. "Irene!!" Jaired bellowed, his voice thick with disgust.
Clinging tightly to the man, Irene's body was suddenly covered with clothing, Bryan's jacket wrapping around them as he squinted at the newcomer.
Jaired froze upon seeing the man's face, a shiver running down his spine at the uncanny resemblance.
But he didn't dwell on it. This man did resemble him somewhat, but it was impossible that Irene saw the shadow of 001 in him. He knew Irene; she might be promiscuous, but she would never seek out a stand-in for 001, especially not an emotional one. Over the years, Irene had her moments of madness, only showing brief emotional turbulence with Kenzo. But Kenzo wasn't a stand-in for 001; he was Irene's mirror, reflecting the lifelessness within herself.
Now, with Kenzo's perfect exit from the stage, Irene, having ascended to the presidency of North America, found herself alone by the window with a glass of whiskey, envying Kenzo.
She wished to freeze everything at its peak, to find a beautiful resting place.
But she couldn't. She was always looking for a grave but never found one.
She wanted to preserve everything beautiful, but she had pushed it all away herself. She was living like a ghost.
Seeing the flushed woman before him, Jaired was so furious he was ready to draw a sword. He had been worried sick all night, and here she was, frolicking with some man. 
en FindNovel
Bryan held Irene tightly, not forgetting to kiss her neck.
"Who's this?" Irene, still caught up in her emotions, her eyes filled with affection, didn't seem like herself.
"I don't know him." She clung to him even tighter.
Bryan sighed in relief, letting her go to help her get dressed.
But who made the first move, who tore at whose clothes first, that was a blur. All that was clear was that Irene's dress was beyond saving. 
Swneve
Bryan covered her with his jacket,
le meelf in just a pair of
pants, his perfectly toned abs Adonis belt on full display.
"Where to now?" Irene, eyeing his physique, licked her lips, her voice husky from a night of shouting.
belongs to en.kikistorie ont
"Let's head to the car and continue, baby."
Bryan chuckled, clearly enjoying the moment.
Jaired, standing aside, nearly passed out from fury, his fingers trembling as he pointed at Irene, stuttering in disbelief.
Once dressed, Irene opened her arms to Bryan, beckoning for his embrace.
###Chapter 1345
Bryan wrapped his arms around her, and Irene turned her head, no longer calling out for Jaired by any other name but his own. "Jaired, you drive."
Bryan's brow furrowed, his tone a bit grumpy, "Didn't you just say you didn't know him?"
Irene quickly looked up and gave him a peck on the lips.
"He's just the chauffeur, darling. Don't be jealous."
Jaired, fuming, turned away but eventually went to fetch a car.
In the lead car sat Brielle, King, and Joseph. The car behind had only Jaired, Irene, and Bryan.
Jaired, now the driver, had Irene and Bryan in the backseat.
Jaired drove with a grim expression, especially seeing Irene couldn't wait to sit on Bryan's lap the moment she got in the car.
He nearly crushed the steering wheel in his grip, his teeth clenched tight.
"Irene, for God's sake, don't push it!"
Irene, held tightly by Bryan, quickly lost herself in the moment, oblivious to Jaired's words.
Bryan, seeing her disregard Jaired, assumed their relationship wasn't what he thought, which made him all the bolder.
Poor Jaired in the front wished he could cover his ears, but he needed both hands for driving.
He frowned, staring hard at the road ahead, imagining more than once if he should just drive off a cliff and end it for this troublesome pair.
Yet, occasionally, when he caught Bryan's gaze in the rearview mirror, he felt an inexplicable urge to cry.
They were three hours from the city.
Those three hours were filled with Irene's voice and muffled groans from the backseat.
Jaired had never encountered something this outrageous in his life.
Finally, when the car stopped, Irene's voice was so hoarse she could hardly speak, but she didn't forget to give her instructions.
"Get us a room, and make sure we're the only ones on that floor."
They weren't done yet; they planned to continue in the room.
Jaired, face flushed with anger, barely contained himself from exploding in rage.
But what could he do? He owed her.
She flaunted herself in front of him, even the
abizing opportunities to twiste e further. Now, it was jus
about getting with a man.
SW
Jaired lowered his gaze, realizing it was better than her usual taunts with using 001 to provoke him.
He managed to secure a room on the floor above where King and Brielle were staying. Everyone was exhausted, likely needing a few days to recuperate before heading back. Irene, carried by Bryan into the room, immediately resumed their passionate encounter.
It was as if they could never get each other, wishing
f each other, wishing to et
one another's very being.
And Bryan didn't have to be prompted.
swno met
He felt out of character, almost wanting t to kneel before her,
submission, craving to be Cravinet servant. o
She could do no wrong in his eyes, and he adored her.
Fortunately, it seemed she quite liked him too.
They went at it until they were both spent.
Irene was utterly voiceless afterward, her throat so sore she couldn't utter a word.
Bryan had changed into clean clothes provided by the local government officials.
Irene sat on the bed, her gaze never leaving him, just staring intently.
Bryan stood by the window, arms crossed, taking in the cityscape.
There wasn't much to see, really. In the past, he'd only ever felt emptiness passing through here.
But today, even the sunlight seemed warmer somehow.
Why was that?
The intensity of the gaze from behind him felt as though it was piercing through to his bones.
Was she always this passionate with every man?
###Chapter 1346
He was holding a glass of water when, out of nowhere, a pair of arms wrapped around him tightly from behind, like he might vanish into thin air any second.
"Your voice is gone from all that shouting. Aren't you tired?" Irene pressed her head against his back, still finding it hard to believe.
The most beautiful thing she ever destroyed had reappeared right in front of her. He must have gone through so much; his appearance had changed, and she dared not think about what his life had been like all these years. All she wanted now was to keep him close and never let go, to take him back to North America with her.
Bryan sat down, propping his cheek with one hand, and gazed at her. She was stunning in a bold, sharp way.
"I heard him call you Irene. Is that your name?"
Before this, they hadn't even asked each other's names. They just went with the flow, lost in the moment.
Irene nodded, unable to speak, her throat completely hoarse.
"I'm Bryan, nice to meet you." He extended his hand, smiling lazily.
Irene, looking at his hand, reached out with trembling fingers, grabbing it tightly as tears streamed down her face. She never imagined Bryan would say such words to her.
But this was good. This was okay.
She suddenly understood what Kenzo had meant by letting things stay beautiful, without resentment. If possible, she wished to sleep forever now, right beside him, finding a plot of land to be their shared grave, never to wake up again.
For her, this moment was the pinnacle of beauty. After ten years of searching for this "grave," she had finally found it. Let her be buried beside him, no matter how.
Bryan, looking at the crying woman before him, felt an inexplicable pain in his heart. Tears seemed out of place on her; she should be living freely, passionately. She shouldn't belong to any man or any place. She was free, in body and soul.
He tried to wipe her tears, but they were too many, never ceasing. Because her voice was gone, her crying was silent, and to Bryan, those tears were like knives to his heart. He leaned in to kiss her, only to be passionately pressed down on the couch. Bryan, somewhat helpless, said, "Let's not, doesn't it hurt? You must be swollen." But the rest of his words were drowned out by their kisses.
Brielle and King were staying downstairs, in a hotel provided by the government. The entire building was off-limits to outsiders, as King was considered a walking gold mine, deserving of VIP treatment.
King had thought Brielle would stay in the same room as him, but she chose a different one and locked the door, claiming she needed to rest well. Standing outside her door, King felt guilty. Had the tunnels frightened her?

"King, you have other things to take care of. There are still many people in the tunnels, and keep an eye on the progress. Also, Ricardo, I got separated from him in the tunnels, don't know where he went. Find his sister's body and your mother's
remains. Once everything settles, we can go back," she had said.
King nodded slightly from outside her door. Joseph had called him, informing that Ricardo was found safe and sound. The government was now aiding those trapped in the tunnels, but the scene was grim, suggesting a bleak outcome for many.
Joseph's team had found the bodies
hidden by the professor and had preserved Simone's remains
perfectly now being transported
back to Beaconsfield for burialne
Ricardo's sister was among them, looking to find a peaceful resting
place in Beaconsfield for her as well. 
Ricardo went back with them; he couldn't bear any more mishaps with his sister's body. Thanks to the professor's preservation efforts, they could still see her face through the casket's window. Ricardo felt a bitter sweetness, a sense of closure.
The government had taken over the tunnel operations, and with King's billion-dollar donation, plans for a hospital were underway. The local government issued several newspapers thanking King for his generosity. But King was focused on getting things in order, eventually finding himself at Brielle's door. 
Brielle had stayed inside for the past few days, refusing to come out, even having her meals left at the door. After two restless nights, King couldn't bear it any longer. At dusk, he leaped from his own balcony to hers. The jump was risky, but King was agile. Landing on Brielle's balcony, he caught a glimpse of her sitting on the couch.
"Brielle!" he shouted, tapping on the balcony door.
###Chapter 1347
Brielle froze, feeling a presence behind her that sent a shiver down her spine. How did he get up here? "King!"
Did he actually come across the balcony?
But the gap between the balconies was massive.
"Did you come across the balcony?"
King's face twisted into a pitiful expression.
"You were ignoring me, and the door was locked. I had no choice but to climb over."
Brielle felt a mix of irritation and a tingling fear at the back of her neck but didn't dare open the door, unsure if she had caught something.
There were no clear symptoms yet, but the memory of what she saw in that room made her stomach churn with nausea.
Was it a symptom, or just sheer disgust?
"Brielle, please open the door. I miss you so much."
He wanted to hold her, to sleep next to her.
Brielle's heart softened, but now wasn't the time for that.
If she was sick, there was no curing it.
She couldn't bear the thought of him seeing her in such a state. If symptoms appeared, she'd rather swallow a whole bottle of sleeping pills.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes, but she refrained from opening the balcony door.
King pleaded for a while before he was about to kick the door in frustration.
"If you kick that door, I'll never speak to you again!"
King's foot halted mid-air.
Brielle turned away, refusing to face him.
"Just go back to your room. Don't use the balcony anymore. Have them bring a ladder from upstairs for you."
The silence from the balcony was suffocating, and Brielle, feeling the weight in her heart, steeled herself.
However, five minutes later, she felt arms wrapping around her from behind, and before she knew it, she was pinned down on the couch, her lips claimed in a fervent kiss. Brielle's eyes widened in shock, and she instinctively tried to push him away.
But King held her head firmly, kissing her passionately, not caring about the consequences.
Brielle's resistance melted away quickly, and she found herself gripping his hair.
"You're unbelievable!"
She couldn't even finish her sentence.
With his hair caught in her grasp, King had no choice but to look up at her, his lips a deep red.
Seeing his handsome face, Brielle quickly let go and turned her head away.
King embraced her, "I didn't kick the door. I went to your bedroom from the balcony. Your bedroom window was open."
Tears filled Brielle's eyes, but she was speechless. They had already kissed; what else could they do?
"The professor got sick in the tunnel, and his blood got on my ankle."
King looked down, finally understanding why she had isolated herself. "King, I..."
King hugged her tightly, sighing.
"This country has advanced equipment for testing this kind of disease. There's no need to stay cooped up in your room waiting. Let's go together." 
"Aren't you afraid?" Brielle's heart was racing.
King rested his head on her shoulder, "As long as I'm with you, I'm not afraid of anything."
Brielle felt as if her heart had been punched, a mix of sourness and bitterness overwhelming her.
That evening, both dressed in protective gear, they went to the testing center.
Since the country had to maintain
trade relations with others, the
testing equipment was
state-of-the-art and imported, promising results by the next day. 
Returning from the center, King barely stepped through the door before pinning Brielle against the wall with a kiss.
Brielle couldn't even voice her refusal, soon finding herself swept off her feet.
"It's been unbearable these past few
days. Those shameless folks
upstairs haven't stopped for a
moment, and I've been missing you like crazy." 
Brielle had no time to respond before being enveloped in a tight embrace.
It turned out, a man deprived for two days could be quite formidable, nearly wrecking the bed in the process.
###Chapter 1348
When Brielle woke up, the sky was painted in shades of orange and pink - she had slept through the entire day.
She overheard the medical staff outside delivering reports, and relief washed over her. Everyone was safe. The illness mainly spread through ingestion, with an 80% transmission rate through bodily fluids. Once infected, the fatality rate was a grim 100%. But for now, Brielle and King were in the clear.
Her heart, heavy with worry, finally found some peace.
King walked into the room, relief evident in his eyes when he saw her awake. He gently lifted the blankets and started massaging her back.
"Does it hurt?" he asked, concern lacing his voice.
Brielle shot him a playful glare. "Now you care? Why didn't you stop last night when I asked?"
"Brielle, we have a flight at 8 PM. We're all heading back home."
Brielle nodded, her eyes closing in comfort.
But then, she felt King's arms wrapping around her waist, his voice husky and tinged with a hint of sadness. "I'm going to miss you so much, Brielle." Confused, Brielle questioned, "Why are you saying that? Aren't we going to be together?"
Was he thinking of leaving her?
"King, you don't want me anymore?"
At her words, King stiffened, then held her even tighter. "That's nonsense!"
"Then why say such things? You're making me anxious. I don't want you to go. Can't we always be together?"
King buried his face in the crook of her neck, taking a deep breath. "But what about Max?"
Brielle tensed up, a wave of pain rushing through her head.
King gently bit her neck. "It's okay. I'm already content knowing you like and love me too."
For him, that was the happiest thing in the world. They had both faced death with Max, and she had called out his name at the brink of life and death.
King smiled, holding her close. "I'm so happy, Brielle. And I love you too."
Brielle felt a chill, as the fragmented memories in her mind finally pieced together. She remembered who Jaired, Max, and Irene were. "King, I feel the same," she said, embracing him tightly.
King's heart swelled with joy. If it weren't for their imminent flight, he'd show Ker just how much he adored her his Little Canary, his cherished one. 
At the airport, Brielle's legs were still weak, slowing her pace. Irene, on the other hand, clung to Bryan, dramatically pretending to faint whenever her feet touched the ground. 
Bryan, left with no choice, carried her the entire way.
On the plane, Irene snuggled up to Bryan, while Jaired seethed with irritation nearby. "Get a room," he muttered under his breath.
Later, as the cabin lights dimmed, Irene attempted to sneak onto Bryan's lap, only to be promptly sent back to her seat with a firm slap. "Sit back down!"
Jaired couldn't help but smirk at the scene. "Shameless," he commented, witnessing Irene's rejection for the first time.
Ignoring him, Irene intertwined her fingers with Bryan's, resting her head on his shoulder as she drifted off to sleep.
Bryan caught Jaired's disapproving
gaze, the air between them charged with unspoken tension. Jaired scoffed, "Pathetic," before curling up to sleep, leaving the lovers to their whispered dreams. 
###Chapter 1349
The plane touched down in Beaconsfield, setting the stage for a new chapter in the lives of King and Brielle. Irene, her voice just beginning to recover, issued a firm instruction to Jaired, showing a spark of her old self. "Get one of the villas in Beaconsfield ready for us."
Jaired was so furious he almost stomped his foot, nearly jabbing his finger in Irene's face. But he held back, feeling a mix of relief and bitterness. Maybe if Irene kept herself occupied with her infatuation, she wouldn't do anything reckless. Wouldn't risk her life for another thrill.
Jaired had once vowed he'd do anything to keep Irene alive. He knew she had a death wish, but he desperately wanted her to choose life. Without Irene, the secrets of Project 001 would be lost, making Jaired's own life feel meaningless. Call it selfish, but he arranged for the couple to stay in a lavish mansion, sharing the space with him but giving them their privacy.
Jaired had thought Irene's public displays were outrageous, but what happened at home was just a taste of the real drama. At dinner, Irene played the damsel in distress, unable to open a yogurt lid, her eyes pleading with Bryan. "Can you open this for me? My fingers are just too weak."
Sitting across from them, Jaired could barely contain his disdain. "Your hands are strong enough to crack open skulls, but you can't open a yogurt?"
His sarcasm was cutting, but then he noticed her choice of beverage and couldn't hide his surprise. "Since when do you prefer yogurt over booze? You've always been one for a strong drink."
Irene, leaning into Bryan with a playful tone, corrected him, "You must be mistaken. I've never been one for alcohol. Bryan, please?"
Jaired, watching the scene unfold, mimed a gag reflex.
Bryan, ever the doting partner, obliged, spoon-feeding her the yogurt with a tenderness that made Jaired want to look away.
Then Irene's eyes welled up with tears, confusing Bryan who rushed to comfort her with tissues, not realizing her sorrow was tied to memories of someone else-001.
As the night wore on, Irene's need for comfort grew more desperate She whispered to Bryan, asking him to make love to her, her voice still fragile from days of emotional turmoil. 
Bryan, though hesitant, couldn't refuse her. In the midst of their intimacy, Irene suddenly cried out for "001," revealing the depths of her heartache.
In that moment, Bryan realized he
was just a stand-in for the man Irene truly loved. The revelation hit him
like a dagger, the painful understanding that he was consolation, someone who
и Разлова
resembled the enigmatic 001 in her wounded heart. 
As days blurred into nights, their passion became a bittersweet symphony of love and loss. It wasn't until Irene lay peacefully asleep, tears still staining her cheeks, that Bryan allowed himself to
contemplate the gravity of his feelings. Gently wiping away her
tears, he whispered a tender "Sleep
well," into the quiet of the night. 
###Chapter 1350
Premier Palace.
After exhausting herself in the tunnels and battling jet lag, Brielle spent two days upstairs, barely able to move a muscle. But on the second day, she sprang back to life, her cheeks glowing with vitality. Wesley's eyes lit up when he saw her coming downstairs. "She's back in action!"
"Ms. Brielle, how about I whip up some soup to get you back on your feet?" he offered, his tone filled with eager care.
Hearing this, Brielle couldn't help but chuckle. Her gaze then drifted to Isaac, lounging on the couch. What's going on here? Isaac seemed to have gained a few pounds, his cheeks noticeably fuller. Her eyes then found Noir, sprawled nearby. Good lord! Noir had ballooned into a hefty beast! Could he even sprint in this shape?
Brielle, both amused and concerned, asked, "Wesley, what on earth have you been feeding Noir?"
Wesley couldn't hide his pride. "Noir was looking a bit lean, so I had a nutritionist whip up a special weight-gain diet. Didn't expect him to pack on twenty pounds so quickly. Look at those paws, aren't they bigger?"
Noir, sensing the topic of conversation, lazily rolled over, his belly fat jiggling. Is this what happens when you leave pets with the elderly? It hadn't been that long. "Wesley, Noir still needs to keep up his hunting skills. Let's not feed him like this anymore. He needs to slim down. Take him for walks around Premier Palace."
Given the size of Premier Palace, especially the two-acre garden, there was plenty of space for Noir to stretch his legs. Otherwise, he'd truly turn into a black hog!
Wesley looked a bit downcast, having taken great pride in fattening up his charges. "Alright then," he said, his tone tinged with regret. Not wanting to hurt his feelings, Brielle quickly added, "But making some soup for me sounds wonderful. I've really drained myself recently."
Wesley's eyes lit up as he hurried into the kitchen, instructing the chefs to get busy. Brielle chuckled, settling into the couch, and playfully pinched Isaac's cheek. "Been keeping yourself entertained at home, or did you venture out for some fun?" Isaac shook his head, his eyes gleaming at her. "Brielle, did you rest well?"
Melted by his adorable gaze, Brielle couldn't help but feel overwhelmed with affection. "I'm much better now, slept plenty. Sorry for worrying you."
Isaac blushed, awkwardly looking away. "It's okay, as long as you're fine. I'm happy."
Brielle hugged him tightly, planting kisses on his cheeks. "Would you like me to take you to an amusement park? You've been cooped up here for too long."
The idea of visiting an amusement park sparked interest in Isaac, despite never having considered it before. "Sure, Brielle."
His eyes sparkled with excitement. Brielle thought how those eyes had the power to make anyone want to give him the world. "Great, I'll talk to your dad and see which park we should visit." 
Without delay, she called King, who was at the airport welcoming Dustin. Dustin, upon hearing Brielle had ventured into danger, couldn't stay put and rushed over, leaving Infinity Brilliance's affairs to his father. With their mother, Sarah, also resting at home, Dustin decided to come alone this time. 
"Hey, bro," King greeted him, though Dustin only responded with a dry chuckle before getting into the car, ignoring him.
Oblivious, King announced, "We're heading to Premier Palace. Brielle should be up by now."
Dustin felt a twinge of envy seeing King's excitement, lamenting that his sister was already becoming part of
another family. "Really? Moving in together before the wedding?" 
HUMS
A shadow of sadness crossed King's face. "The wedding... we'll have to wait a few more days for that."
###Chapter 1351
Dustin had always been great at reading people, and right now, he knew better than to keep teasing.
As they arrived at Premier Palace, the nerves kicked in again.
"What if Ellie still doesn't recognize me?" Dustin wondered aloud.
"She's getting better," King reassured him, right before his phone rang. He answered as they walked inside.
""Hey, Brielle?"
"King, how about we take little Zack to the amusement park tomorrow? He hardly ever gets to go out, and he could use some fun."
A big smile spread across King's face, like he was soaking up a sunny day.
"Sounds great. I'm almost home, by the way, and I've got someone with me."
"Who?" Brielle asked, just as King pushed the door open.
Brielle looked over and immediately saw Dustin standing there. Memories flickered through her mind, and she blurted out, "Bro?"
Dustin had braced himself for Brielle not recognizing him, but hearing her call him "bro" made his heart melt. He quickly closed the gap between them.
"Ellie, how are you? I heard you were out cold for two days. Are you hurt?"
Brielle shook her head, cheeks turning pink from the attention.
Dustin then noticed Isaac and couldn't resist pinching the kid's cheeks.
"Has this little guy put on some weight?"
Brielle scooped Isaac up, "Yeah, I think he has."
Isaac and Dustin locked eyes, both sizing each other up. Dustin looked at Isaac's face, so similar to King's, and felt a pang of envy. His sister already had a kid, and he didn't even know where his own love life was heading. Brielle suggested Dustin stay for dinner, then turned to King, linking her arm through his.
"Which amusement park should we go to?"
King tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. "I'll have someone look into it."
Brielle nodded, satisfied, and gave
him a quick kiss. King glanced at et
Dustin reflexively, his face
reddening. Her enthusiasm was hard to handle. 
But then he remembered his aunt was visiting next week, and his mood dropped a bit. "Besides the amusement park, anything else you want to do?"
Brielle thought for a moment and then smiled. "Let's stick to the amusement park for now. We can skip the zoo. Zack's favorite animal is Noir, and he probably wouldn't like seeing animals in cages." 
She knew Zack would be upset seeing animals locked up, especially since he couldn't bear to confine Noir even to a room, always insisting on taking Noir up the hills to play. 
King was impressed by Brielle's thoughtfulness, marveling at her observation skills. Was it natural maternal instinct?
He couldn't help but pull her in for a deep kiss.
Dustin, sitting on the couch playing with Isaac, looked up and saw them kissing. He coughed loudly, dragging out the sound. "Ahem!"
King snapped back to reality, realizing they weren't alone. He quickly let go of Brielle, feeling a bit awkward.
Brielle, her cheeks flushed, turned to Dustin. "Bro, what would you like to eat? I'll tell the chef."
Dustin's face softened into a gentle smile. "Anything's fine, I'm easy."
That was a lie. Dustin was notoriously picky about his food.
He stood up and took off his suit jacket. "I'll cook."
Brielle's jaw nearly hit the floor, but then she remembered some conversations hinting that her brother was indeed a great cook.
King stood there, frozen in shock. Dustin, cook?
Dustin headed to the kitchen, rolled up his sleeves, and asked the chefs to step aside.
King, feeling it was rude to let him work alone, moved to help, but Dustin scoffed. "This isn't for you."
King, feeling a bit sheepish, retreated from the kitchen. Not helping wasn't such a bad thing after all; he wasn't much of a cook anyway.
###Chapter 1352
Brielle stood just outside the kitchen, hesitant to let Dustin handle everything by himself.
"Hey, which veggies do you need washed? I can help out," she offered.
Dustin's voice was gentle, filled with a warmth that seemed to radiate from him at the thought of cooking his first meal for his sister. It was as if every cell in his body was soaking up the joy. "No need, I've already asked the butler to get everything we need. Why don't you go hang out with little Zak? I'll have everything ready in no time."
Brielle, touched by his gesture, leaned against the doorframe.
"Bro, you're the best."
As Dustin rolled up his sleeves, revealing his pale wrists, the corners of his mouth lifted at her words.
"Of course. Once you've got all your memories back, we should take that diamond-studded plane that's been sitting at the North American airport for ages. I really want to see you flying it."
"I'll definitely take a ride!" Brielle promised.
Dustin chuckled, realizing he knew this version of Brielle but not the one from before she was twenty. Seeing her so lively was a pleasant surprise.
Brielle then settled back on the couch, occasionally glancing towards the kitchen. She had some vague memories of conversations suggesting that Dustin was a good cook, but she couldn't recall ever tasting his food. She wondered what he would come up with. Meanwhile, King sat beside her, holding her gently but with a hint of worry in his tone.
"Little Canary, I've secretly prepared some antacids, just in case the food is tough to swallow. Don't let it show, okay?"
After all, it was the CEO of Infinity Brilliance who was cooking - an important figure King had to impress. What if Brielle ended up feeling sick, and Dustin decided to whisk her away to North America?
The more King thought about it, the more worried he became, even cautioning little Zak beside him.
"Zak, buddy, even if it tastes awful, you can't show it, okay?"
Zak frowned. He didn't like the idea of eating something unappetizing.
"Just think of it as helping your dad out this one time. I'll make it up to you later."
Zak remained unmoved; he didn't want compensation, he just wanted something delicious.
Once King felt he had made his point, he squeezed Brielle's hand.
"After all, it's a gesture from your brother. We could take the antacids in advance, just to avoid any stomach upset."
Brielle gave him a sideways glance Although she wasn't sure about her brother's cooking skills, she doubted it would be that bad. That was her gut feeling. 
During a quick check in the kitchen, Brielle didn't want to disturb Dustin. She just stood at the doorway,
watching him meticulously chop et
wash and sauté. His focused expression, coupled with his good looks, could surely make many women swoon. 
Returning to her seat, Brielle couldn't help but ask King, "There must be a lot of women who like my brother, right?"
These days, men who could cook were rare.
King, aware that she hadn't recalled Dustin's reputation as North America's most eligible bachelor, replied vaguely, "Probably."
"My brother is really handsome, isn't he?"
"He's okay," King said, his tone carrying a hint of jealousy.
"Really, just okay? But I think he's as handsome as you are."
Hearing that he was on par with Dustin, King softened his stance.
"I didn't finish my sentence earlier. He's okay, I mean, I don't usually judge people's looks. But yes, your brother is definitely top-tier. You should appreciate having such a oking brother."
Brielle nearly burst out laughing.
Three hours later, Dustin presented the dishes with the flair of a state banquet, something you'd expect in Beaconsfield.
King, standing by the table, rubbed his eyes in disbelief.
"Bro, did you secretly order takeout behind our backs?"
The presentation was impeccable, leaving Dustin momentarily speechless at the insinuation.
###Chapter 1353
The table was loaded with a generous spread of fifteen dishes, but the star of the show was a soup in the center, blossoming like a flower.
Brielle, trying to keep things low-key, gently tugged at King's sleeve and whispered, "Do you think we'll actually get to eat, or are we just here to admire the decor? Dustin really outdid himself this time." Dustin's cooking was known for its light and subtle flavors, except for the braised pork belly, which packed a bit more punch.
Brielle gracefully took her seat at the table, accepting a pair of chopsticks from Dustin.
King followed suit, but found himself chopstick-less.
Without missing a beat, Dustin handed a pair to Isaac and Brielle but skipped King.
Unfazed, King got up and fetched himself a new pair from the kitchen.
Dustin stayed silent.
Once seated next to Brielle, King attentively ladled soup into her bowl.
Isaac, seated close to Dustin, tasted the soup and his eyes lit up with hearts as he looked at Dustin with admiration. "Uncle, this is amazing. I love it."
The word "uncle" caught King off guard, nearly making him choke on his soup.
Dustin, on the other hand, beamed with pride.
This kid's way with words was miles ahead of King's.
He quickly served Isaac a piece of squirrel fish.
"Little cicada, eat up. You're still growing."
Isaac nodded and dove into his meal, completely at ease among family, no longer hiding his feelings.
Brielle was thoroughly enjoying the meal, giving Dustin a thumbs up with every new dish she tried.
"Bro, you're a culinary genius."
Dustin chuckled and glanced at King with a hint of rivalry in his eyes.
From the moment Dustin arrived, he had won over both Brielle and Isaac, turning them into his biggest fans.
Isaac, usually so quiet, was already planning the next meal with Dustin.
Dustin patted him on the head, his eyes soft.
"I'll be staying around for a bit longer, so I'll come over and cook whenever I can, okay?"
Isaac nodded vigorously and eagerly served Dustin a piece of the braised pork belly.
"Uncle, try this."
"Good boy."
Their harmonious interaction was enough to make King jealous.
Brielle's compliments towards Dustin continued to echo in the room.
"Bro, any woman lucky enough to be with you would be head over heels."
Dustin, propping his head up with his hand, seemed almost troubled by the thought.
"I'd prefer they don't fall too hard; it's too much to handle."
Laughter filled the room as the meal concluded on a high note.
Dustin and Isaac were playing on the couch while King found himself on dishwashing duty.
Brielle attempted to help, but King gently pushed her away.
"They say dish soap's harsh on the skin. Why don't you relax, and I'll have these cleaned up in no time?"
Truth be told, King wasn't familiar with dishwashing and certainly didn't want Brielle in the kitchen.
Brielle, rubbing her temples, resigned to his request.
"Just holler if you need help."
King nodded, eyeing the mountain of dishes with a hint of worry.
Glancing at the array of dish soaps, all designed to cut through grease, he figured any of them should do the trick.
Meanwhile, Brielle and Dustin
chatted in the living room, with Brielle receiving a call from Stellar Stage Entertainment about an important meeting the next day. 
However, she had promised Isaac a day out at the amusement park.
"Bro, could you cover for me at Stellar Stage tomorrow?" she asked. Dustin paused, mid-head pat.
"It's not that I mind, but are you sure that's okay?"
"Yeah, the direction of Stellar Stage Entertainment has been set. The meeting is probably just a formality, Plus, I own the company outright the execs won't stir up trouble. Just keep an eye on things for me" 
As the CEO of Infinity Brilliance, Dustin was more than capable of handling a minor meeting, so he agreed.
"Alright, but make sure you and little cicada stay safe at the park. It's going to be crowded."
They wanted to avoid clearing out the park to keep the authentic atmosphere.
It wasn't until Dustin had left that King emerged from the kitchen.
Brielle found him discreetly disposing of a few broken dishes.
The evening had unfolded with its
share of mishaps and laughter, aet
true testament to the warmth and unpredictability of family gatherings. 
###Chapter 1354
The trash bin was overflowing, and Brielle couldn't remember when the plates had shattered inside.
Rubbing her temples, Brielle frowned, "How come I didn't hear the plates breaking?"
King stiffened, his face turning red with embarrassment. "How did you get in here?"
He thought he had securely closed the door. Brielle had planned to clean up, but King caught her hand. "Let someone else take care of it. Don't get your hands dirty."
The staff had been sent home for the night. Premier Palace's main mansion was surrounded by several smaller houses where the staff rested, and they had already been notified to come over.
Brielle didn't argue and let him lead her upstairs. Isaac also returned to his room. Seeing King's eager demeanor, Brielle knew she was in for a long night. He had refrained from touching her the past few days while she rested. Now that she was feeling better, he wasn't going to hold back.
"Little Canary, I got you a gift while you were resting. Let's try it out tonight, okay?"
A sense of dread washed over Brielle, and when she saw him hang a bell around her neck, her cheeks flushed a deep red. "What are you doing?"
But with the bell's melodic sound, she found herself speechless. As she was about to pass out, she heard him grunt, "Little Canary, you sound like a cat."
Exhausted, Brielle tried to push him away, but he held her tight. "I can't let you go."
Unable to argue, she simply fell asleep.
The next morning, they quickly finished breakfast and decided to head to the amusement park. Isaac had wanted to bring Noir along, but after some persuasion from Brielle and King, he reluctantly agreed to leave the pet behind.
King drove them to the amusement park, and both adults were cautious not to let Isaac wander off, each holding one of his hands. It was Isaac's first visit, and everything fascinated him.
Dustin went to Stellar Stage
Entertainment in place of Brielle, arriving just before a meeting was about to start. With everyone aware of Brielle's identity, the pressure was on, especially under the watchful eye of the president of Infinity Brilliance. Dustin sat in the center, his expression stoic. He only commented on a few minor details before heading to Brielle's office. 
Emma was at the company completing some paperwork. She wouldn't be coming by often anymore, as her pregnancy would soon become noticeable. She planned to stream from home until the baby was born, then return to Stellar Stage Entertainment.
She needed to discuss this with
Brielle, given that she had become the company's leading streamer, with high viewership every night, basically a sensation since her debut. The last time someone
donated ten million in her net
stream,
she received five million of it, and Stellar Stage Entertainment gave her a cozy apartment. She and her mother had moved out of the company-provided dorm and into their own place. 
Though small, the apartment was in her name, marking her own space in the busy city of Beaconsfield. With over half a million in cash and no longer feeling vulnerable, Emma had newfound confidence.
She would never forget moving into their new home, crying with her mother. Leaving their village and small town behind, they never imagined settling in a bustling city like Beaconsfield, where housing prices were sky-high. Peyton was overjoyed, repeatedly expressing how good it felt. They finally had a home in Beaconsfield, no longer worried about rent.
"Mom, we finally have our own home."
The excitement was overwhelming. Emma spent some of her savings on furniture, making their
seventy-square-meter home cozy. A two-bedroom apartment with one of the rooms turned into a streaming studio and the other equipped with a TV for Peyton, ensuring they wouldn't disturb each other. Emma had the room soundproofed, allowing for uninterrupted streaming and TV viewing. 
However, she needed to resolve the baby situation soon. Streaming required only sitting, so viewers wouldn't notice her growing belly, but she had to be careful with her diet and stay home as the pregnancy became more apparent. She knocked on the office door, and a voice from inside called out, "Come in."
###Chapter 1355
Emma was caught off guard; the voice that greeted her wasn't Brielle's as she'd expected but a man's.
Pushing the door open, she stepped in to find Dustin turning around in his swivel chair.
Her whole body tensed at the sight of him.
Dustin raised an eyebrow slightly, acknowledging her presence.
Emma quickly composed herself, subtly hiding the application form behind her back. The form detailed her pregnancy, and she couldn't help but worry about his reaction if he saw it.
"Mr. Lynch, where's Mr. Haywood?" she asked, curious about his presence.
Dustin leaned back, his gaze slowly scanning her. "What do you need from Bree?"
Bree? So informal?
Emma momentarily wondered about the nature of his relationship with Brielle but reminded herself it was none of her business. She had settled into her life in Beaconsfield, and things were looking up. Besides, if Mr. Haywood and Dustin were indeed close, it would only be to Dustin's credit, given how impressive Brielle was.
"It's about a live stream issue. Since Mr. Haywood isn't here, I'll come back another time."
Dustin stood up and slowly approached her. "What's that you're holding? Isn't it meant for Bree? You can give it to me."
He reached out to take it, but Emma stepped back, clutching the document close. "It's personal."
Their eyes locked, Emma standing her ground. "I'd prefer to hand it directly to Mr. Haywood."
Dustin chuckled, raising an eyebrow. "You work at Stellar Stage Entertainment and you don't know about me and Bree?"
Emma had heard a lot about Brielle but was unaware that she and Infinity Brilliance's Dustin were siblings. She merely looked at him coolly.
Her cautious demeanor made her seem like a wild animal, ready to defend itself at any moment.
"I wasn't aware."
Her tone was indifferent as she shifted her gaze away. "If Mr. Haywood isn't here, I'll come back another time."
Turning towards the door, she nearly made her escape, but Dustin quickly blocked her path, his gaze narrowing.
The door required pulling open, but with Dustin's hand firmly against it, trapping her between his chest and the door, Emma found herself unable to leave. "Playing hard to get, are we?" he murmured in her ear. "After all the support I've shown, not even a smile in return?"
Emma thought he was referring to that night in the countryside. Had he remembered?
"It was Mr. Lynch who refused to acknowledge me first. Besides, we both have our own lives now."
The proximity was overwhelming, his scent enveloping her, causing her to panic slightly.
Dustin observed her, puzzled by her accusation.
Emma pressed herself against the wall, folding the document neatly. "Mr. Lynch, I need to leave."
Dustin stepped back, his gaze lingering on her. He had only seen her on screens before, but in person, her features were even more striking-fierce and wild.
He remembered something King
had mentioned about a female doctor named Emma who had saved him. Coupled with her knowledge of herbal medicine, he had pieced together it was her. 
But now she acted as if they were strangers.
He decided not to press the issue, considering the significant support he'd shown as a way to repay her.
As Emma left and stepped into the elevator, she encountered Candice, another streamer who had started around the same time as her. Due to
a shift in viewer base follow Due to
another streamer's departure, Candice's channel had grown, benefiting from the audience looking for a similar vibe. 
When Emma had arrived at Stellar Stage Entertainment earlier, she had bumped into Candice and
mentioned she was there to request a leave, but hadn't disclosed the reason. 
en FindNovel
###Chapter 1356
"Emma, did you hear? Mr. Haywood's out today. His brother's stepping in for the meeting." Emma froze. Mr. Haywood's brother? Who?
Candice caught the surprise on her face and chuckled. "You really don't know? We've been at Stellar Stage Entertainment for a month now, just for the auditions, and you haven't figured out Mr. Haywood's real identity? The lost heiress of Infinity Brilliance and Mr. Lynch from Infinity Brilliance? They're siblings!"
Emma stiffened. This was news to her. Sure, she had heard about Brielle's dazzling moments at Stellar Stage Entertainment, but Brielle's background was new information.
She hadn't paid much attention to those details, too focused on her own path. After clinching first place at the auditions, she never missed her seven-hour daily livestreams, building a solid fanbase.
Candice, ever the gossip, leaned in closer, her voice dropping to a whisper. "But get this, I heard Mr. Lynch's list of ex-girlfriends reads like a who's who - from international celebs to top models, all pining over him on social media, hoping for a second chance. But it seems Mr. Lynch isn't one to rekindle old flames. And despite his long list of exes, not one has come forward to bad-mouth him. Can you believe it?"
Emma's lips twitched. Wasn't this just classic bad boy behavior? No matter how slick, it didn't change the fact.
Emma's world was simple, and hearing about Dustin's antics was a wake-up call. She realized why she had been so easily duped before - swayed by a few sweet nothings at just the right moment. Thinking back, she felt she had only herself to blame.
For too long, she had put up with nonsense, believing in fairy tales, ending up pregnant and alone. But no more.
Women needed to be more astute, especially now. Emma had heard stories of many strong, independent women choosing their own paths, even considering sperm banks abroad for the perfect donor.
Thinking about it, Emma's eyes sparkled with determination. Sure, snagging Dustin's child might seem low, but if his genes were anything to go by, her child was bound to be brilliant. She had walked a path many women tread, yet here she was, not even twenty-three, with her whole life ahead of her.
Plus, she had a job, money, a child on the way, and a roof over her head. Why waste time on a man?
This realization broadened her perspective, prompting her to advise Candice, "Keep your wits about you In this day and age, nothing's more secure than having money in hand. We're too good to waste our youth on men, especially not on someone like Dustin." 
Candice glanced nervously over Emma's shoulder, desperately blinking.
Emma frowned, mistaking her friend's signals for infatuation with Dustin's charm. "Blinking won't change the fact he's bad news. Now that he's here at Stellar Stage Entertainment, and you being as adorable as you are, don't fall for just any sweet talker." 
Candice looked desperate, eyeing someone behind Emma, and sheepishly called out, "Mr. Lynch."
Emma froze, feeling a shadow loom over her.
Just moments ago, she and Candice had been chatting freely as they exited the elevator, unaware that Dustin had taken another.
Dustin, with a smirk, leaned in, resting a hand on Emma's shoulder in a carefree gesture, though his words seemed forced through clenched teeth. "Little host, you've caught my attention now."
###Chapter 1357
"Backstabber," he grumbled, his disappointment heavy as the hand he'd just placed on her shoulder. "After all that, now this?"
Emma felt like she'd been caught red-handed, gossiping about her boss, and the realization hit her like a ton of bricks. She feared for her future at Stellar Stage Entertainment, worrying they might cut ties with her over this slip-up. Yet, Dustin didn't linger on the matter. After a light, pressing nudge from his arm, he withdrew his touch, leaving Emma frozen in place, unable to muster a single word.
He turned to face her, his lips dangerously close to her ear due to his slight lean. "Go on, cat got your tongue?"
Emma's cheeks flushed a deep red, and she instinctively looked away, unable to meet his gaze.
Candice, witnessing the scene, felt a surge of anxiety. Emma had just wrapped up a selection process and now, being fired would turn her into a laughingstock in the streaming world. With over five million followers, a termination from Stellar Stage Entertainment would certainly land her in hot water, making headlines and attracting a flurry of criticism.
After all, it was Stellar Stage Entertainment that had nurtured her rise to fame.
Seeing Emma's mortified expression, Dustin decided not to press further. Harassing women was not his style. He straightened up just as Brielle called him. He answered the call and headed outside. "Hey, little falcon."
Brielle had been busy entertaining Isaac all morning and was taking a breather. She held a giant, slightly nibbled-on doughnut in her hand, a cute bunny shape that she couldn't bear to eat herself. King had taken a bite first, arguing it would make it easier for her to start eating once its perfect shape was marred.
"Everything okay at the company?" she asked.
"All smooth sailing," Dustin assured her. "Focus on having fun."
Brielle took a bite of the overly sweet doughnut. "Got it. I'll hang up now. The afternoon's activities are about to start, and Isaac's still bursting with energy. We've got a whole lineup of rides to conquer."
Dustin smiled at her words. "Don't worry about things here. Stellar Stage Entertainment has everything under control. I'll be in Beaconsfield for the next month. You and Isaac enjoy yourselves. You've earned a break, haven't you?" "Thanks, you're the best."
Dustin couldn't help but beam at her praise.
Brielle, reassured, ended the call and handed the doughnut to King, claiming it was too sweet for her taste.
They both held doughnuts shaped like animals, Isaac licking at a leopard-shaped one, though he seemed to find it too sweet as well.
Brielle took it from him, giving both
to King, who now held a bunny in one hand and a leopard in the other.
As Brielle and Isaac moved on to
buy a bubble machine, King
lag
behind, attracting covert photos and
whispers from the crowd.
"Isn't that Mr. Dorsey?" someone guessed. "But why would he be here, in a theme park, holding doughnuts? Has the world gone mad?"
The rumors flew as they followed King's path toward Brielle and Isaac.
There, Brielle was examining a massive bubble machine, her interest piqued.
King approached, chuckling softly at
yel
the situation but soon felt a wave of exhaustion wash over him. He paused, sitting down to regain his strength. 
Moments later, he rejoined Brielle, wrapping an arm around her in a gentle embrace.
Brielle's body stiffened in surprise. "Max?"
"Mhm."
He took her hand, their fingers interlocking as they navigated the bustling theme park. Isaac led the way, his new bubble machine creating a kaleidoscope of bubbles that popped upon touching Brielle. 
Max was momentarily distracted by King's indignant mental chatter.
"Max, what are you doing? You wanted to spend the day with Little Canary, and now you're here with my doughnuts?" "Max, get back here!"
"You're too loud," Max muttered, tuning out King's complaints as they continued their leisurely stroll through the park.
###Chapter 1358
When Max suddenly showed up, Brielle was caught off guard, her cheeks turning a vivid red.
King was going out of his mind with jealousy. "Why don't you blush when you're with me? The moment Max is back, your cheeks are as red as a monkey's butt! What gives? Is Max's charm really that much greater?" King was practically drowning in his own envy.
Brielle couldn't hear King's thoughts, only feeling her cheeks grow even hotter.
"Max, you want a bite?" Brielle asked, half expecting him to decline, but Max simply nodded.
Isaac was playing with a bubble machine a few feet away, and some of the bubbles had landed on what Max was holding, clearly making it inedible.
Calling Isaac over, Brielle took the item from Max's hand and tossed it into the trash can. "Max shouldn't be holding this. It's beneath him."
Witnessing this, King's jealousy soured even further. "Talk about double standards. Is Max some kind of royalty?"
Brielle dragged Max over to a vending machine, where the attendant asked, "Sir, which shape would you like?"
After thinking for a few seconds, Max pointed at Brielle and asked, "Can you do this one?"
The attendant, taken aback for a moment and visibly flustered by the flirtatious request, soon pulled out a female character mold, its cheeks blushing as she handed it to Max. "Here you go, sir."
It didn't look much like Brielle, just a cute female character with a similar hairstyle.
Max accepted it with a polite "thank you," and paid by scanning a code.
Brielle was too embarrassed to look at him directly, catching only a glimpse of him leisurely biting into the character's cheek before she quickly averted her gaze, feeling like she was about to combust from the heat. "Max, how are you feeling? Is your body okay?" she asked, trying to change the subject.
He took her hand again, "Yeah."
"Brielle?"
"Hmm?" She turned to look at him.
The next moment, her lips were captured in a kiss, a large bubble conveniently obscuring the scene from public view.
The sweet taste spread in her mouth as her tongue was gently entwined with his.
Brielle saw sparks fly before her eyes, the world lost to her but for the colorful bubbles floating in the air and the sounds of commotion and camera shutters around them. It seemed someone had captured their kiss. 
Brielle felt like she was floating, barely able to stand.
Max supported her to a nearby bench to sit and rest.
She felt overwhelmingly hot, as if fireworks were exploding in her mind one after another, leaving her unable to think straight.
It wasn't until half an hour later that Max asked, "Feeling better? What do you want to do next?"
At that moment, Brielle didn't want
to do anything but look at him. Seeing the rare tenderness on his usually indifferent face made her heart melt. 
Tears welled up and rolled down her cheeks at the thought of past traumas, and she impulsively hugged him. "Max."
Patting her back gently, Max tried to soothe her. "Why are you crying?"
Between sobs, Brielle couldn't piece together her full memory, but in that moment, all she wanted was to cry in his arms.
Max found her tears somewhat
amusing, tenderly wiping them away
from her cheeks. "So, you're this teary-eyed at twenty-something, huh?" 
He was intrigued by this new side of her.
###Chapter 1359
For the next few hours, Brielle was practically glued to him, her hand firmly clasped in his as they hit up a few more attractions with Isaac, finally heading back to Premier Palace, thoroughly content. As soon as they walked through the door, Brielle noticed the ice cream cake, now on the brink of melting, still sitting as the centerpiece of the dinner table.
Without even a moment to catch her breath, Brielle rushed to check on Max's condition.
"Are you still in pain? Tired? Maybe you should head upstairs for a bit of rest?"
Max, massaging his temples, simply nodded.
Not taking any chances, Brielle quickly ushered him upstairs. But what was supposed to be a rest turned into an impromptu bath time-how did that happen? After the bath, Brielle thought they'd just tuck in for a nice chat under the covers. But then she saw him fish out the bell from the night before.
Her face instantly flushed a deep red.
This was definitely one of King's quirky tastes.
Could it be that Max...
In the next moment, the bell was around her neck. She was so embarrassed she couldn't even look at him.
Max, holding her face gently, took a moment to admire her before opening the closet.
In his mind, King was absolutely losing it at this sight.
"Max, don't you go too far now."
"Max, those are my treasures you're messing with. You better not touch them, or I'm going to lose it."
"Damn it, what are you doing with the clothes I got for Little Canary?"
Despite King's protests, Max still picked out an outfit.
Brielle's knees went weak at the sight of the cat ears and the skimpy amount of black fabric.
This couldn't be happening.
"Max, how did you even know these were in the closet?"
Even she was clueless.
The only explanation was that King had sneakily bought them, plotting this for a while, probably fearing she wouldn't take it well. So, he started off with just a bell as an appetizer.
en FindNovel
"Brielle, put it on."
Hearing those words from a man perched like a deity was overwhelming, to say the least. With trembling fingers, Brielle changed into the outfit.
But the cat ear headband wasn't on the bed; it was in Max's hands, his slender fingers playing with it, the sleeves of his shirt rolled up, revealing his pale, strikingly straight
wrists. 
en FindNovel
Seeing her dressed, he slightly raised an eyebrow in a way that was quite commanding, making Brielle blush even harder.
Max leaned in, deliberately placing the headband on her, completing the transformation.
This was Brielle's first experience with such role-play, feeling awkward and tentative, the bell around her neck chiming with every little movement.
"Do you look good?" he asked, right before sweeping her into a sudden kiss.
The mild atmosphere dissipated, giving way to a storm of desire that seemed to have been stirred from its slumber.
For two whole days, Brielle didn't leave the room.
At first, there were pleas, then tears, and eventually, she was left voiceless.
Now, the mere sound of a bell made her tense up.
When King woke up, he was greeted by the familiar ceiling. Realizing the other had already left, he was fuming, immediately trying to fouse Brielle from her sleep for another round. 
"Brielle, don't sleep yet."
"Wake up."
"I have other outfits, Brielle."
But before he could finish, he found himself booted off the bed.
Hearing that tone, Brielle knew Max had left.
King, sitting on the floor, felt a surge of self-pity. If it had been Max, she definitely wouldn't have kicked him.
Damn it, what was so great about Max anyway?
After being tormented for two days, and not a single spot on her body left untouched, the realization that King had secretly prepared all these outfits made her livid.
###Chapter 1360
King finally figured out Max's game plan. Out of nowhere, Max took control of his body, only to leave him with the aftermath once the thrill was over. Guilt washed over King instantly.
Wrapped in a comforter, Brielle looked utterly exhausted, her voice hoarse from the ordeal.
"Where did all that stuff come from?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper.
King, feeling guilty, couldn't bring himself to meet her gaze. "I, uh, bought them," he mumbled.
"Just get rid of it. All of it," she demanded.
The memory of Max's ruthless determination sent a shiver down her spine. She couldn't survive another round like that.
King sprang to his feet. Get rid of them?
No way. He had meticulously selected those items, and even though Max, that sneaky bastard, got to use a set first, it didn't matter. He had prepared over fifty sets. King started to sulk.
"You don't actually like me, do you? You wake up and immediately snap at me. Max barely has to say two words to make you blush. You say we're the same person, but you've always treated me differently. I get it now. I'll just leave." Seeing the look of defeat on his face tugged at Brielle's heartstrings.
"I didn't mean that."
King's eyes instantly reddened, and he silently turned away.
"Then what is it? Are you saying you don't treat us differently? You practically idolize Max, and with me, it's like I'm just another guy?"
Is it because Max is the strong, silent type?
Fine, I'll just stop talking then. How about that?
Brielle panicked, reaching out to grab his hand.
"Don't be like that. That's not what I meant."
The sight of him feeling so down was too much for her, and she hastily made a promise.
"Let's not throw anything away. Just keep it."
A glimmer of hope flashed in King's eyes, his lips curving into a smile.
"Really? You'll keep it? Don't force yourself."
"I'm not, I'm really not."
Satisfied, King smiled broadly and embraced her in bed.
"Hungry?"
Brielle was famished, feeling like her stomach was stuck to her back.
After dressing her, King noticed her shaky legs as she got out of bed and immediately scooped her up, heading downstairs.
"See, someone only knows how to give you a hard time, but not me."
He tenderly served her breakfast massaged her legs, as if to prove
he was than Max.
this actions how muche! belongs to en.kikistorie ent
So, maybe she could consider keeping him around.
But he didn't voice this thought, only muttered it to himself, not wanting to put her in a difficult position.
As long as she was happy, that was all that mattered.
He could tell, though, that despite her complaints about Max, her eyes
lit up the moment he appeared to
sparkle that wasn't there when she looked at him. 
The one who had first captured her heart was Max, and Max would treat her well, just as he did.
It seemed there was nothing to regret after all.
As King massaged her legs, watching her comfortably sprawled on the couch, he called out softly, "Brielle."
Brielle, weary from the past few
of little
eep and now full from
breakfast, slowly closed her eyes,
her head nodding off. Contel.nets
belongs to en.kikist
"My back hurts."
King's hands moved to her back, amused as she stretched out comfortably.
"Why don't you ever say no to him?"
"I've missed him. I'd miss you too if I hadn't seen you in a long time."
Her words were slow, weighed down by sleepiness.
King's fingers paused, and he looked down, whispering, "Really?"
But she was already asleep.
Her sweet nothings sounded lovely.
And he believed them, even found them endearing.
He gently continued the massage, feeling content with just that promise.
###Chapter 1361
In the expansive, quiet hall of Premier Palace, it was just the two of them. Outside, Isaac was jogging with Noir, following Brielle's strict orders to get Noir back to his original weight.
Wesley had already left with the staff to gather ingredients for dinner, so the mansion was serene, punctuated only by Noir's occasional barks drifting in with the sunlight.
King's phone buzzed, breaking the silence. It was his Aunt Orla calling.
"The treatment worked. I'll be there in three days."
King's heart sank. He replied hoarsely, "Okay."
After hanging up, he gazed deeply at Brielle, as if trying to memorize her face. He wasn't ready to let her go.
Lately, Irene had been living wildly, sticking to Bryan like glue, never leaving his side. Jaired couldn't stand the sight of them anymore. He reached out to some old friends for a drink, preferring to be out of sight, out of mind. Irene, once a fierce and independent woman, had changed entirely.
"Bryan, could you grab that for me? I'm too weak."
"Oh, look at this cute teddy bear."
"I don't smoke or drink. Never touched the stuff."
Jaired couldn't understand why she felt the need to pretend. Couldn't she just be herself? But seeing her happy, he bit his tongue.
Bryan was ever the attentive one, fulfilling her every wish, his heart brimming with love for her. Yet, in the dead of night, in their most intimate moments, she would cry out, "001."
She was clearly haunted by insecurities, fearing she would wake up to find him gone like a puff of smoke. Maybe it wasn't him she feared losing, but the man who resembled 001.
Irene was indeed troubled, feeling like she was living in a dream that could end at any moment. So, she wanted to live it up before the dream faded. He indulged her as always, never denying her whims.
But one morning, she found a photo
of a girl in his wallet, and her heart sank. The girl was the epitome of innocence, a stark contrast to Irene's weathered self. She knew 001 bad seen much in life, and they had never talked of love. Maybe his
loyalty was all he could offer, not his
heart. 
Who was the girl in the picture? Someone he'd loved over the years? Upon seeing the photo, Irene realized she was nothing like that girl. A ruthless woman, willing to dress in white for his affection.
That night, enveloped in darkness with no stars to light the sky, they were entwined for hours until Irene fell asleep in Bryan's arms. Bryan, however, got up, took a shower and
stood on the balcony to smoke"
The city lights flickered below, a stark contrast to his turmoil. As he flicked the ash from his cigarette, her cries of "001" echoed in his
mind. He'd taken on dangerous net
missions for years, thinking he could finally stop. But he didn't want to
stop here, as someone's shadow.
He loved her, feeling peace beside her like never before. If she could love him, he was willing to stay, to be at her beck and call. After snuffing out his cigarette, he headed downstairs.
Jaired was still up, watching TV, and looked up as Bryan descended. Noticing Bryan was alone, Jaired remarked, "Surprising, she's not glued to you tonight."
Lately, Irene had been so clingy, she'd even wait outside the bathroom for him. Now, seeing Bryan alone was almost a shock.
###Chapter 1362
Bryan was still clutching his jacket, standing in the foyer, changing his shoes.
Jaired caught a glimpse of him and felt a sudden wave of unease.
"Hey, where are you off to?"
If Irene wakes up and finds him gone, she's going to lose it. Given how smitten she's been with him lately, it'll be a while before she's over him. Usually, she's the one doing the dumping. It's rare to see a guy walk away from her.
"I'm leaving," Bryan said, his tone flat as he set down his keys, tossing them into the key dish nearby.
Jaired shot to his feet, his heart clenching.
"Leaving? Why not take Irene with you? You know she's pretty fond of you."
Fond?
Bryan frowned. Sure, he had a good time with her, but that was it.
"I'm not sure where I'm headed, but I won't be staying here."
He opened the door, glancing upstairs.
"She's probably exhausted. Let her rest."
Jaired made a face. Exhausted, indeed. Those two hadn't stopped for days, always at it whenever they got the chance.
Jaired hung his head, feeling a strange emptiness. Despite his complaints about them, the idea of someone leaving felt oddly hollow. He'd never really cared about anything before, not knowing what it felt like. But now, it was as if someone had scooped out his heart. He felt awkward.
"Stay."
Bryan squinted, a light chuckle escaping him.
"I can't figure out what you two are. You don't seem like exes, but there's a closeness. You genuinely care for her, I can see that."
Jaired, stung by Bryan's smile, felt a sudden urge to cry. Not understanding his emotions, he opened his mouth to say more, but Bryan was already stepping out, waving as if he'd never return.
"At least leave a contact?"
Jaired took a few steps after him. After all these nights with Irene, was he really going to leave without a trace?
"I don't have a contact."
Jaired fell silent, realizing Bryan was determined to cut ties with Irene. He stood there, watching the man walk away.
Irene woke up the next day, her voice husky from the recent frenzy. Touching the empty space beside her, she panicked, quickly getting up. But the room was empty. 
She didn't even bother with shoes, rushing to the bathroom - not there. She even drew the curtains in the bedroom, but no one was hiding there, nor in the closet. 
Rushing out, she checked every room on the second floor, still no sign. "Jaired! Jaired!"
She called out twice, spotting Jaired on the first floor, cleaning his gun, and breathed a sigh of relief. "Where is he?"
Jaired's gaze fell on her bare feet, marks visible on her ankles from their wild times. "He left."
Irene stiffened, feeling as if a hand was squeezing her throat.
Jaired, getting no response, looked up at her Tears were already falling as she stared at him, waiting for the surge of emotions to settle before asking. 
"Left, as in?"
Jaired frowned. She used to brag about not caring when her dates left.
"Let them go. The next one will be better trained, and I'm already bored of them anyway."
Jaired grimaced.
"Yesterday, he said he was leaving. I asked for a contact, but he said he didn't have one. Guess he's not coming back." "Oh."
Irene's response was slow as she trudged upstairs. Jaired half-expected her to chase after Bryan immediately.
###Chapter 1363
Irene stumbled down the sidewalk, her tears blurring her vision so much that she could barely see where she was going. In a moment of distraction, she missed a step and tumbled down. Jaired rushed to her side, his forehead creasing with worry. "What's gotten into you?"
Why was she so hung up on a guy? Had this Bryan really managed to steal her soul?
He tried to help Irene up, but she just sat on the cold concrete, tears streaming down her face like she was melting into a puddle of despair. Jaired was so frustrated he almost wanted to shake some sense into her. To be this broken over a guy? This couldn't be the Irene he knew.
"Irene, come on, get a grip."
But Irene just sat there, leaning against his leg for support so she wouldn't collapse. "Jaired," she managed to say, hugging his leg to keep herself from fainting. "He's 001."
Jaired stiffened, disbelief etching his face as he looked down at her. Irene's tears flowed even harder. "He's 001, I'm sure of it. His face and memories might have changed, but the things he says in his sleep, they're exactly what 001 said before he left. He even remembers the switchblade, the gift he gave me," she sobbed.
Jaired's mind went blank, feeling as if all the moisture in his body had evaporated. Irene continued crying. "He must be mad at me, not wanting me anymore."
"He's found someone else, someone who looks so innocent."
"That's it, he never said he liked me, and I've been so careless, been with so many guys."
She wanted to keep ranting, but Jaired gripped her chin. "You're the boss, the President of North America. You deserve any man you want, and everyone has their own way of living. Don't fret over it, Irene. You're free."
Jaired's voice trembled as he spoke. "He left yesterday. I've asked the Riddle family to use their influence to see if he's still around Beaconsfield."
Irene lifted her tear-stained eyes and nodded, "Okay."
In that moment, she looked as vulnerable as a child. Jaired frowned, standing still, and then patted her head gently. Irene was completely lost, still sitting on the ground, leaning on his leg. 
The Riddle family's network was powerful. They quickly located Bryan, who hadn't left Beaconsfield but had gone to a bar.
"Mr. Jaired, we've found him. He's bartending at Tequila Sunset. Looks like he's not planning on leaving Beaconsfield anytime soon."
Jaired let out a sigh of relief and helped Irene to her feet. "Tequila Sunset, the most famous and expensive bar in Beaconsfield. He's bartending there. Go see him."
Irene wiped the tears from her face and looked up at Jaired. "Don't you want to see him too?"
Jaired froze, a bitter smile on his lips. "I... I don't know how I'd face him."
It seemed he had no right to face
him. If it hadn't been for him, they wouldn't have missed out on ten years together. If it hadn't been for him, maybe 001 wouldn't have
changed so much. A personel
undergoes such a transformation through a trial by fire, and it's a
painful process, especially to end up
in such a barren place. 
If it hadn't been for that call from the King, he and Irene, with their stubbornness, would never have set foot in that disease-ridden place. And they would have never known that 001 was still alive.
Jaired's eyes reddened, the urge to cry overwhelming him, but he had to hold back. Irene, feeling a bit stronger, especially knowing Bryan hadn't left, quickly hugged Jaired. "You too, you're free now, Jaired."
With that, she hurried upstairs to change and put on some makeup. She couldn't let Bryan see her in such a state.
###Chapter 1364
On the other side of the pond, Orla had made her way to Beaconsfield and was ushered into the grand halls of Premier Palace.
She took out a small bottle of pills and placed it on the coffee table. Only King was in the room; Brielle was outside, keeping Isaac entertained.
Orla looked at King, her voice laced with concern. "Take one a day, and by the time this bottle's empty, the effects of the drug will be completely neutralized. But think it over, because you're an alter ego. Strengthening his psyche means you'll fade away." King's fingers twitched as he reached for the bottle, his resolve evident despite his shudder. "I know."
Orla sighed softly. "I've done what you asked of me. The castle requires its steward, and I must return. Don't bother seeing me off; I know you're wrestling with your own anxieties."
"Auntie, thank you," King managed, gratitude softening his voice.
Orla's lips curled up gently. "Have you picked out a plot for Simone? I'd like to pay my respects before I leave. Her remains were brought back from Africa and laid to rest in a more dignified grave." King nodded, taking the wheel himself to drive her to the cemetery.
Walking down the path, Orla felt the weight of the world on her shoulders. Love, she thought, is such a perilous thing, especially for women. Fall for the wrong man, and it could ruin your life.
Standing before the grave, Orla remained silent, engulfed in her thoughts.
This once proud and fierce woman couldn't even protect the ones closest to her. In hindsight, perhaps it was all her fault for sheltering her sister too much, leaving her naive and unprepared for the harsh realities of love.
Orla gently caressed the headstone, her sigh the only testament to her feelings.
King, standing beside her, thought about how he had only given Fisher a few bullets and felt it was too kind a punishment. Some beasts deserved far worse.
After an hour of shared silence, Orla
announced her departure on an afternoon flight, leaving King with one last piece of advice: "When making decisions, consider whether you'll regret them later." 
King, his gaze lowered, felt a sense of peace with his choices. Brielle's
love had been real, albeit hidden behind her fears and his own obliviousness, leading to their eventual separation. He had learned to cherish the smallest tokens of her affection, knowing it was greedy to ask for more. 
"Auntie, don't worry. I know what I'm doing," he assured her as she left without looking back.
Returning to Premier Palace, King placed the bottle of pills in his bedside drawer, committing to a nightly ritual unbeknownst to Brielle.
She was oblivious to his turmoil, busy training Noir in the garden. The dog had grown lazy and overweight, his belly jiggling as he ran.
Laughing, Brielle suggested to Isaac, "Let's head to the store and pick up some new training gear."
Isaac, ever so eager, grabbed her
hand, and they set off for the pet
store. Amid the aisles filled with toys
and gadgets, Isaac's eyes were
drawn to an oversized cat teaser. 
"Alright, we'll take it," Brielle agreed, smiling at his enthusiasm.
Picking out a few more toys, they were about to leave when a sudden force yanked Isaac back. Turning around, they were met with the cold glint of a knife.
"The son of a wretch! Time to die!" the assailant hissed, shattering the peaceful day.
###Chapter 1365
Brielle stood right there, next to Isaac, when chaos erupted. Almost instinctively, she wrapped him in her arms, taking the hit herself as a knife plunged into her shoulder.
Leona was livid, her curses slicing through the air like knives. "Who the hell told you to help Emma? If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't be getting dragged through the mud by everyone! This is all your fault!" "Damn it! Brielle! Aubree! You all deserve a one-way ticket to hell! Ha! I'll end you!"
Pain contorted Brielle's face, but the bystanders were already dialing 911. As the cops dragged Leona away, she was still screaming, her sanity seemingly shredded by the relentless online backlash.
An ambulance whisked Brielle away, with Isaac sobbing uncontrollably beside her, his tears making him hiccup. Brielle, oddly, felt more disturbed by Isaac's crying than the pain in her shoulder. "It's okay, really. It doesn't hurt that much."
The knife was still lodged in her shoulder, painting her entire shoulder red with blood, as the medics didn't dare remove it before reaching the hospital. Isaac was in shock when the knife was aimed at him, its cold glint aimed straight for his eyes. He wondered, fleetingly, if he was going to be blinded.
But then, a warm embrace enveloped him. The pain wasn't his to bear; it had been transferred to Brielle. Tears welled up in Isaac's eyes as he clung to Brielle's clothes. Throughout the ordeal, Brielle kept comforting him, her hand gently stroking his head, trying to soothe his rattled nerves.
It wasn't until they reached the hospital that King arrived, panic etched all over his face.
"Brielle!"
Seeing the doctors attending to her, King's eyes immediately reddened, and he kissed her hand over and over. "Does it hurt?"
Brielle saw his worried expression and felt a warm flutter in her chest. "I'm fine, really. It doesn't hurt."
"How can it not hurt?"
King then noticed his son, his eyes swollen from crying, and gently ruffled his hair, causing Isaac to burst into tears again, his long lashes dotted with tears.
A fierce look crossed King's face as he issued orders to Joseph, who was waiting outside. "Find out who's behind the Drennon family's company. Buy them out within two days."
Joseph nodded, understanding the
urgency. For Dream Tech Designs, taking over the Drennon family's company was a piece of cake. They didn't even realize what hit them until DreamTech's representatives, with briefcases in hand, strolled into their offices. 
The news of Leona's attack spread like wildfire, tarnishing the Drennon family's name further. Faced with such formidable opponents, they didn't dare retaliate and fled the country overnight, leaving Leona, now incarcerated, to her fate. Leona's vendetta against Brielle and Aubree stemmed from Emma publicly thanking them in her livestream for their support. If not for them, Emma would have remained under Leona's thumb, manipulated at her whim.
How did everything go so wrong? Leona, who should have been on top, found herself the target of incessant vilification, too ashamed to even show her face online or at home, ultimately losing her spot in the selection process. Meanwhile, Emma, the "wretch," had triumphed over her, securing the top spot in the selection and becoming the star performer of Stellar Stage Entertainment, even receiving donations totaling over ten million. Damn it! How could her luck be so good!
Leona was consumed with bitterness. It was all Brielle's fault, all Aubree's fault, all Emma's fault! She refused to see her own shortcomings.
The collapse of the Drennon family
Sin the vel
was swift; their company changed hands in less than two days, a direct consequence of Leona's actions, which also came to Emma's attention. Emma was initially surprised upon hearing the news, half-thinking she had misheard. 
Candice couldn't help but gossip. "Emma, you're so out of the loop. Leona actually dared to attack Mr. Haywood. How could the Drennon family not fall apart?"
Emma quickly pieced together the situation. It was her association with Brielle, coupled with Stellar Stage Entertainment's statement, that drove Leona to revenge. In a way, Emma felt responsible. "Which hospital is Mr. Haywood at?"
Candice was taken aback, knowing
Emma's usual dedication to her
livestreams. Recently, Emma seemed to be waiting for Brielle, intending to take some time off but never got around to it because of Brielle's absence. Now, she was actually planning to visit Brielle? 
"Emma, don't say I didn't warn you. If you're going to see Mr. Haywood, do it quietly. In this industry, you've got to watch your back. People will say you're scheming to get close to Mr. Haywood." Emma nodded, then discreetly texted Aubree for Brielle's hospital room number. Armed with a basket of fruit, she approached Brielle's room, only to pause at the sound of Dustin's voice from inside. "How are you feeling? What would you like to eat? I'll make it for you."
###Chapter 1366
Emma's fingers paused, a little surprised, thinking she might have misheard. Dustin cooking?
"Bro, I really miss your cooking. Little Miss Chirpy here won't stop raving about it. Now I get why all your exes can't forget you. Handsome, loaded, and a kitchen wizard? No wonder they all fell for you." A smirk tugged at Dustin's lips as he playfully poked her forehead. "Sweet talker, aren't you?"
Just then, there was a knock at the door. "Come in."
As he said that, Emma appeared at the hospital door, carrying a fruit basket and a bouquet of roses. Seeing the roses, Dustin couldn't help but laugh.
"Little broadcaster, are you visiting a crush? Bringing roses too?"
Emma stiffened, her face turning beet red as she tried to explain, but Dustin had already gotten up and walked over, reaching for the roses.
"They're not for you," Emma quickly said, clinging to them tightly.
Dustin frowned, grinding his teeth a bit. "You're giving them to me, and I don't even want them."
Emma sighed in relief. "That's just perfect."
Brielle, seeing the two blocking the door and not understanding their conversation, called out, "Bro?"
Dustin massaged his temples, puzzled why he was getting irritated over this little broadcaster. Because of that ten million? Impossible. Money was just paper to him, light and inconsequential.
Emma's gaze moved past him to Brielle, her tone worried. "Mr. Haywood, are you alright? I came to check on you. I'm sorry, it's all because I mentioned you in my live stream that Leona targeted you." Seeing Emma's face, Brielle's mind flashed with images, and he nodded. "I'm fine, just minor injuries."
Emma, holding the roses, looked around the room for a vase but couldn't find one. Then her eyes landed on Dustin's fingertips, holding a vase. Her face immediately turned sheepish.
Dustin raised an eyebrow, lifting the vase higher. "Little broadcaster, if you want it, come and get it."
Emma's cheeks flushed with the tease, clutching the flowers tightly, her lips sealed shut. Brielle, sitting on the bed, was surprised to see Dustin teasing a new broadcaster like this. His brother was usually a perfect gentleman in front of women. Why was he picking on Emma?
Emma stayed silent, and Dustin approached, taking the roses. Emma wouldn't let go, and he chuckled lightly. "I've come over, why the fuss now?"
Only then did she let go, quickly apologizing. "Sorry, Mr. Lynch."
Taking the roses, Dustin noticed she was also carrying a hefty fruit basket and chuckled. "Not tired?"
The basket looked like it weighed a ton. What kind of strength did she have? A regular Wonder Woman?
Emma finally set the fruit basket down, politely telling Brielle, "Mr. Haywood, I bought this fruit basket for you, hoping for your speedy recovery."
Lying in the bed, Brielle, for some reason, felt somewhat superfluous, knowing these two were here for him but feeling out of place all the same Ah, thanks, Emma. Take a seat. You must be tired after carrying all this way."
Emma, without a driver's license or a car, had indeed come by taxi. Seeing Dustin there, she had initially wanted to drop and dash, but felt it impolite and reluctantly sat down.
Dustin grabbed a nearby fruit knife,
casually starting to peel an apple. The apple was large and red, turning into a piece of art under his fingertips. His peeling was graceful, the peel unbroken and continuous. Once done, he handed it to Brielle. 
"Thanks, bro."
Emma, sitting beside Dustin and seeing Brielle looking much better, let out a sigh of relief. It must've been a minor injury.
As Brielle and Dustin discussed Stellar Stage Entertainment and the live stream, Emma was about to speak up when a beautifully peeled apple was placed before her. The apple looked tempting and juicy. Unsure if it was meant for her, she asked, "For me?"
Dustin found it amusing. "Who else would it be for?"
Emma, having walked a bit, was
1.n
indeed a bit thirsty and reached out to grab it. But Dustin pulled it back teasingly "Changed your mind? Little broadcaster, weren't you the one badmouthing me just the other day?" 
Emma's hand froze mid-air, and she looked awkwardly embarrassed, almost as if she was about to cry from frustration. She looked up at him, her eyes brimming with tears, as if his few words had deeply hurt her. Dustin paused, taken aback, then handed it over. "Don't tell me you're that sensitive. Here, eat it."
Emma pursed her lips, refusing to take it. "You're usually so good at throwing insults, how come you're getting teary over a little teasing?"
###Chapter 1367
Brielle lay sprawled on her bed, watching her brother flirt endlessly. She felt like it might be better to just hide under the bed.
Quietly, she took a bite of her apple, not saying a word.
Emma, teased relentlessly by Dustin, pressed her lips together tightly, refusing the apple he offered, and just hung her head in silence.
"So, Miss Broadcaster, not taking the bait? Got that much pride?"
The neatly sliced apple dangled from his pale fingers, teasingly close to Emma's mouth.
Unable to hold back, Emma took a big bite.
A flicker of amusement crossed Dustin's eyes as he let go, turned away, his shoulders shaking with laughter.
Emma's bite was indeed huge, and Dustin's soft remark of "Mega Bite" made her face flush red with a mix of anger and embarrassment as she stood up.
But standing before her were two men of higher status, both her bosses, which made her retreat. She removed the apple from her mouth, the embarrassment of taking such a large bite overwhelming her. "Mr. Haywood, I... I'll be leaving now."
Without waiting for Brielle's reaction, she turned and left.
As the door closed behind her, she heard Brielle's voice inside.
"Why are you teasing her like that?"
"It's fun, she talked smack about me once, and I caught her."
Outside, Emma glanced at the apple in her hand.
Dustin was considerate, leaving the ends of the apple untouched so one could hold it without touching the peeled flesh.
Sadly, it seemed he was this considerate with every woman.
And he admitted it was all just for fun.
In that moment, Emma had to admit, Dustin had a way with women, a few light words enough to make anyone's heart flutter. Jerk.
She couldn't let this jerk know she was pregnant.
Given her family background, she couldn't keep the baby if he knew. The fate of the child would be entirely in Dustin's hands. Emma lowered her eyes, calming her emotions.
Taking a deep breath, she headed downstairs, trying to momentarily forget Dustin.
At least, she needed to ensure the baby was born safely.
It seemed Brielle would be staying away from Stellar Stage
Entertainment for a while. Emma decided to tell Donny she wouldn be reporting to Stellar Stage Entertainment for the next half year, but she would continue her daily seven-hour live streams. 
Back at the hospital.
Shortly after Dustin left, King returned, having just gone to Premier Palace to get soup Wesley had stewed, claiming it would help with recovery. Seeing Brielle sitting up in bed, King couldn't help but feel a pang of discomfort.
"Does it still hurt?"
Brielle chuckled, giving him a playful look.
"I told you, it doesn't hurt anymore. Why won't you and Isaac believe me? I'm recovering well, probably can be discharged tomorrow."
"Good, the Drennon family's company has been bought out, and they've basically left the country."
Brielle didn't join the conversation about the Drennon family's fate; they got what they deserved. During a live stream, Keona had been plotting. something shady. Stellar Stage Entertainment only released a statement, not directly targeting Leona. 
It was the online backlash that drove Leona to attempt an assassination.
Brielle thought Beaconsfield was safe, never expecting such an incident.
Thankfully, Isaac wasn't hurt. The panic she felt seeing the dagger aimed at Isaac, instinctively pulling him into her embrace, was overwhelming.
"Is Isaac okay at home? Was he scared?"
She grasped King's hand, worried. King chuckled lightly.
"Isaac wouldn't be scared by
something like this. He's just worried
about you, asks about you several times a day. I didn't let him come; he'd just stand by and cry, getting in the way." 
Warmth spread through Brielle's chest, and she couldn't help but remark,
"If only Isaac was my child, that would be wonderful."
###Chapter 1368
King froze, a dark glint flashing in his eyes.
A minute later, he asked, "Does it still hurt when you think about the past?"
Brielle had seen Emma today, bringing back snippets of old memories. Her head ached a bit, but it wasn't the sharp pain she used to feel.
"It's manageable. Seeing Emma today reminded me of some stuff from Stellar Stage Entertainment," she said, rubbing her temples. "But thinking about other things still feels like a needle in my brain." King gently patted her head. "Then try not to think about it for now."
Brielle couldn't help but hug him tightly. "King, you're so sweet."
King blushed, completely disarmed by her affection. He quickly opened a can of soup, scooping a spoonful to her lips. "Eat up, you don't want to get hungry later."
Brielle smiled at him, her lips curving up. It took half an hour to finish half a bowl of soup. Feeling a warm comfort in her stomach, she scooted over. "Why don't you come and nap with me?"
King saw how narrow the bed was and thought about asking the hospital for another bed, so they could push them together. But Brielle grabbed his sleeve, her eyes pleading. "I want to rest with you holding me."
King couldn't refuse. He quickly tidied up the small table and wiped her fingertips with a wet wipe before lying beside her. Brielle instinctively snuggled into his arms. The bed was so small they couldn't even turn over, but she found it incredibly sweet, her smile never fading.
"King."
"Yeah?"
"Can I be discharged tomorrow? My wounds are healing fast."
"Let's see how it goes tomorrow. What if it gets inflamed overnight?"
King couldn't take any chances with her health. They dined together again in the evening, and although he considered adding another bed, Brielle insisted on staying together like in the afternoon.
But in the middle of the night, King felt a sudden tightness when Brielle inadvertently grabbed him. "You're injured."
Within a minute, Brielle started to mumble and wiggle. The creaking of the bed was enough to make anyone blush.
The next morning, she woke up to
King wiping her face with a towel before he went to change the water. The nurse came in to change Brielle's bandages, her look teasing. Brielle guessed that last night's commotion must have been overheard. Embarrassed, she insisted on being discharged as soon as King returned. 
Unable to argue with her, King took her back to Premier Palace. While he was handling the discharge paperwork, the nurse joked, "You and your girlfriend seem really close."
King, oblivious, didn't catch the
underlying meaning. Back home, they found themselves trending online. A nurse had leaked how affectionate they were even in the
hospital, sparking a flurry
comments. 
"So, what exactly makes it blush-worthy? Can we get details? I'm not here for the drama."
"Is it what I'm thinking? To be so young and active even in a hospital."
"People should be mindful of their actions. I've never done it, so I don't want others to either."
"Oh, to have a boyfriend so bold and caring, and enduring."
The comments were
overwhelmingly positive. Everyone had watched Brielle and Max's relationship evolve, from Alivia's
online antics to multiple rumors, to their current affectionate state.
However, some couldn't resist
throwing shade. 
"Ha, if they're so close, why aren't they married yet?"
"I heard at the amusement park that Max has a kid who looks just like him. Must be a love child, right? Brielle's stepping into stepmom shoes so young."
"Hey, don't be sour. Even if you wanted to be Max's stepmom, he wouldn't give you a second glance."
The online world quickly descended into chaos once more.
###Chapter 1369
But Brielle, tucked away in the cozy confines of Premier Palace, wasn't paying attention to any of that. Since her return, King had her on strict bed rest, allowing her to get up only for meals downstairs.
So, she had no idea that at this very moment, King was in the kitchen, brow furrowed in concentration, chopping vegetables under the watchful eye of the chef. The chef, seeing King's disastrous attempts, couldn't help but suggest he give up. "Sir, maybe this isn't your thing."
Feeling a twinge of frustration at his culinary ineptitude, especially compared to Dustin's skills, King was determined to keep trying.
"Just show me again. Let's start with something easy."
"Okay, let's try sautéed broccoli. It's simple and doesn't need any fancy knife work. Just prep the broccoli first."
Following the chef's instructions step by step, King managed to cook the broccoli, though it ended up looking far from appetizing.
He quickly went upstairs to call Brielle and Isaac for dinner. "Dinner's ready! I've made something special you both love." Among the spread of dishes, the broccoli stood out awkwardly, but King didn't seem to mind.
Holding her plate, Brielle immediately noticed the broccoli, wondering if it was a culinary disaster. But if it was, why serve it? Her gaze flicked to King, who was watching her expectantly. "What's wrong, Little Canary? Not to your taste?"
With a reassuring smile, Brielle was the first to reach for the broccoli.
King had hoped the dish would blend in with the others and not draw attention. Yet, Brielle picked it first, making his heart race.
She ate the broccoli without a word, moving on as if it was just like any other dish.
King relaxed, thinking his efforts might have paid off, and eagerly started serving Brielle soup. "Little Canary, have some of this, it's good for you."
Brielle smiled, serving him in return, though she avoided the broccoli. "You should eat too. You've barely had a proper meal since we've been at the hospital."
Isaac watched the adults exchange servings, his lips pursing. Suddenly, a piece of broccoli landed in his bowl, courtesy of King.
"Little Cricket, don't be picky. Eat up so you can grow tall. You won't find a partner if you don't reach six feet."
Isaac looked down at the broccoli, feeling as if it radiated a dark aura before even tasting it. Was it his imagination?
He hesitantly took a bite.
King watched, expecting Isaac's delighted reaction, similar to how he looked at Dustin.
But Isaac promptly covered his mouth, dashed to the trash can, and spit it out. "This broccoli is poisoned." King's face fell.
Brielle, struggling to contain her laughter, watched Isaac gulp down two glasses of water before solemnly returning to the table. "The chef messed up. This should've been tossed." 
King pinched Isaac's cheek. "You know we shouldn't waste food."
With Brielle's encouraging gaze, Isaac watched as she bravely ate another piece of broccoli. "Right, Little Cricket. We can't waste food." 
BUMS
Isaac, doubting his taste buds, stared as Brielle consumed the dreaded dish without flinching.
Brielle then praised King's effort, "You must've spent a lot of time on this, didn't you?"
Caught off guard, King blurted out, "Yes, we can't waste your "
He paused, backtracking, "No, I mean, the chef did it, not me. I wouldn't know the first thing about cooking."
He tried the broccoli himself,
immediately regretting it. As he reached for a napkin, Isaac's cool gaze met his. King swallowed the broccoli with a poker face. 
Isaac gave a thumbs up. "Daddy, impressive."
###Chapter 1370
Brielle could barely hold back her laughter. Seriously, could kids get any more hilariously sneaky? Isaac, with the cunning of a seasoned prankster, pushed an entire plate of broccoli towards King.
"Daddy, your favorite, eat up!"
King felt a headache coming on.
Brielle, ever the peacekeeper, slid the plate towards herself. "I'll eat it, little cricket. You have something else."
But King wasn't about to let her suffer through eating those dreaded greens. Swiftly, he grabbed the plate and dumped it into the nearby trash can.
Brielle arched an eyebrow, catching King's mumbled excuse, "Must've been a mix-up in the kitchen. Better not risk it, might give you a stomachache." Talk about being stubborn.
Men and their pride, she thought.
Later that night, at Tequila Sunset.
Irene strutted in, rocking a dangerously short skirt that flaunted her long legs.
As soon as she walked in, her eyes locked onto Bryan, the bartender, dressed in the bar's sleek black uniform, mixing a drink for a woman at the counter.
The woman slipped a stack of cash on the counter, briefly caressing his cheek.
He smiled, pocketing the cash with ease.
Around them, several women were snapping photos, all excited about the new bartender. Handsome, with an air of elegance, and on his first night, he had already handled a few rowdy, drunk patrons better than Tequila Sunset's bouncers who were notoriously handpicked for their skills.
Tequila Sunset was a magnet for Beaconsfield's elite, and Bryan had caught the eye of many. Yet, whether through overt flirting or subtle hints, he turned them all down.
Upon Irene's bold entrance, the dance floor's energy surged, attracting whistles from many men.
Her eyes, however, were fixed on Bryan.
Bryan glanced at her once before returning to his conversation with a woman who was blatantly propositioning him, offering a million a month for his companionship. He declined with a smile.
Undeterred, she flashed a check for half a million. "How about half a million to dance with me on the dance floor and share a kiss?"
Bryan accepted the check with a nonchalant air and walked out from behind the bar amid a chorus of whistles.
He led the woman into the pulsating lights of the dance floor, now charged with an even more provocative atmosphere.
Irene picked a dance partner, and the two of them moved together in heated rhythm.
The dim, feverish, and chaotic ambiance.
As the music shifted, the woman wrapped her arms around Bryan's neck, pulling him into a kiss.
Bryan reciprocated, his arms around
her waist, but his gaze was locked on Irene, who danced like a wild rose exuding a dangerously intoxicating allure. 
The sway of red wine, the fragrance, permeated the space.
One danced closely with a stranger the other kissed one, yet their gazes intertwined, tangled, as if their souls kissed amidst the tumultuous surroundings. 
Their bodies belonged to others, but in that moment, their souls collided, transcending far beyond.
As the music faded, Bryan released the woman from his embrace.
Flushed and heart racing, the woman hurried back to her friends, enthusiastically sharing her experience.
Bryan returned to the bar, resuming his role with unmatched dedication.
Irene danced for two more hours, driving the surrounding men to the brink of madness with her fiery moves, yet she entertained offers, rejecting them all. 
Only at five in the morning, an hour before closing, did Irene leave.
no
She didn't approach Bryan; instead, she sat in her car, lost in thought.
After a night engulfed in chaotic lights, stepping out into the calm felt surreal.
Yet, seeing him had been a slice of happiness in the pandemonium.
###Chapter 1371
Irene got home to find Jaired in the kitchen, whipping up a light chicken noodle soup for her. He sighed in relief when he noticed the marks left by Bryan still on her skin. "Thank God," he thought. He was seriously worried she might run off in pursuit of love and end up in someone else's bed on a whim. It wasn't beyond her-that kind of outlandish behavior.
After gulping down the soup, Irene collapsed on the couch, fast asleep. She knew she had to gear up for another stakeout at Tequila Sunset as soon as it opened its doors for the night. She wouldn't stop until Bryan was begging her to stay, tears and all. The thought alone made Irene smile in her sleep.
Jaired covered her with a blanket, shaking his head in disbelief. "Love turns everyone into fools," he mused. "Myself included, it seems."
He just didn't get it.
Over the last few days, he had been back to the Riddle family estate, buried under an avalanche of tasks they had dumped on him, making his return times unpredictable. But Irene, in her typical fashion, was hopeless at looking after herself. Left to her own devices, she'd trade meals for booze and go on a bender that could very well end her. So, whenever Jaired was around, he made sure to cook something substantial.
"Damn, I must've owed these two big time in a past life," he muttered. "Given another chance, I would've never agreed to swap lives with 001!"
Refreshed from her day-long slumber, Irene dolled herself up for the night, dressing to kill as usual. Bryan was on duty tonight, she had found out. He worked four nights a week at the place. Despite the crowd of women at the bar throwing themselves at him for a chance at a fleeting connection, he turned them all down.
Tonight, Irene took to a slightly elevated stage, complete with a spinning pole at its center. Dressed in a shimmering silver mini skirt with fringe details, she was a sight to behold. Her body, perfect for the task, twirled and twisted around the pole, sending the crowd below into a frenzy. Every move Irene made was scorching hot, from hair flips to hip twists, and the audience went wild.
All the while, her gaze was locked on Bryan, though the sea of people made it unclear who he was watching.
"Is he looking at me? Damn, she's something else!"
"I'm literally nosebleeding here. How come I've never seen her around Beaconsfield before?"
"I'd pay a million to have her for a month. Gotta ask if she's interested, show her off to my buddies."
As the music continued, Irene
climbed the pole gracefully, her legs
hooked around it in her black
stilettos, pausing mid-air to the crowd's roaring approval. Several men made to rush the stage only to be held back by others. 
When the music shifted, Irene descended, brushing off the advances of several men to sit at the bar. "Sangria," she ordered, her fiery gaze fixed on Bryan without any hint of shyness. As Bryan mixed her drink, she propped her chin inher hands, watching him intently, unaffected by the surrounding chaos. 
When he slid the drink towards her, their fingers brushed, his cool to her warmth from the dance. Her fingers trailed up his wrist, drawing his hand to her lips for a gentle kiss. "Your hands are so cold," she teased.
Bryan flushed, his skin breaking out in goosebumps. The other women around could only curse in envy. Was this even allowed?
Irene released him, sipping her drink
leisurely before pulling him in for a bold kiss. The onlookers were stunned. Women had spent fortunes for a chance at a peck, and here was Irene, taking what she wanted with fierce determination. 
###Chapter 1372
Bryan squinted, feeling the grip on his collar tighten. With Irene perched on a high bar stool, he feared pushing her away might send her tumbling backward. Irene had been with plenty of men, so her kissing skills were top-notch. She glanced down, spotting the bulge in his pants, and chuckled. So, it was all an act.
She let go just as a man approached the bar, ordering the most expensive drink. "Miss, your dancing is amazing. Let me buy you a drink."
Irene, with her cheek propped up on her slender fingers, traced lazy circles on the bar, her movements suggestively intimate.
The man signaled for Bryan to mix the drink. Without hesitation, Bryan skillfully prepared a cocktail and set it in front of Irene. The man discreetly dropped a pill into the drink, a move Bryan noticed.
He figured Irene was aware, too, so he didn't interfere and went on to serve other customers. However, when he returned half an hour later, Irene had finished her drink. She was now leaning on the bar, cheeks flushed, while the man beside her was getting too close for comfort.
Bryan's temper flared, and he grabbed the man's wrist. "What's the problem? Can't I help my own girlfriend?" the man snapped.
Bryan narrowed his eyes. "She's my friend, and you two just met."
The man scoffed, "Coming to a bar dressed like that, she's obviously looking for a good time. She agreed to spend the night with me."
Just then, Irene lifted her head and smiled innocently at Bryan. The man tried to wrap his arm around her waist, but Irene grabbed Bryan's sleeve instead.
"Don't leave me. I need a man right now, and you'll do just fine."
Seeing this, the man believed they knew each other well and cursed under his breath. Damn! So he was just setting the stage for someone else!
Bryan glanced at Irene, handed the bartending duties to another mixologist, and helped her towards the restroom. "Where does it hurt?"
Irene smiled and pointed at her chest. "Here. It's killing me."
Bryan felt a pang in his chest, unsure if she was just flirting. In the restroom, she locked the door and started unbuckling his belt.
"Ms. Irene, please don't," Bryan protested, his back pressed against the wall, his cheeks flushing.
Irene kissed him slowly, inch by inch. Outside, the sounds of music,
knocking, and strangers' chattel né
filled the air, but none of it seemed
to matter in that moment. 
Finally, Bryan couldn't take it anymore. He pulled her up, grinding his teeth. "You really are—"
He couldn't finish his curse. The restroom stayed locked for a long time until a maintenance worker was called to open it.
Bryan's clothes were disheveled. He
asked the worker to clean elsewhere
first. Irene's arms encircled his
waist, but he brushed her hands
away, unable to resist the seduction. No one could have. FindNovel
Rubbing his temples, he said, "We're closing. You should go home."
Irene immediately looked upset, her eyes reddening. "Don't you want me?"
Bryan swallowed hard. It wasn't that he didn't want her, but he knew her heart belonged to someone else. He hated being a stand-in, unwilling to be seen through, only for her to envision someone else. 
###Chapter 1373
Irene held onto him quietly for a moment before forcing a smile.
"I'm exhausted. I think I'll head back to rest."
Bryan didn't say anything, but he couldn't help noticing her slightly unsteady walk, his frown deepening.
She had only taken a few steps when he suddenly scooped her up from behind.
Bryan lived just above Tequila Sunset. He'd been taking on risky jobs for years and had made more than enough money, so he had booked a room at Tequila Sunset for six months straight. Now, as he carried Irene in his arms, a small smile played on her lips, and she quietly leaned against his chest.
When they reached the room, he knelt to take off her shoes, his demeanor almost reverent.
Irene was indeed exhausted, not wanting to move a muscle, but seeing him kneeling by the bed brought back memories of similar moments from the past.
When Bryan looked up, he saw her gazing at him with deep, affectionate eyes, but he knew they weren't meant for him.
She was looking through him, at someone else―001.
A frown briefly crossed his face as he held her delicate foot in his hands.
"Ms. Irene?"
"Hmm?"
"What kind of person was 001?"
She seemed so free-spirited, so unrestrained, it struck him as odd that she'd invest so much emotion in one man.
Yet her feelings for 001 seemed deep and steadfast; otherwise, she wouldn't treat him as a stand-in for 001. Irene couldn't answer.
She tried to pull her foot back, but Bryan let go, understanding her reluctance to respond. "Need a shower?" he offered.
He turned to start the water in the bathroom, and once it was ready, he carried her in to wash her, inch by inch.
Back in bed, Irene finally said, "He was like you, earnest, attentive."
Bryan paused on his way to turn off the light, his lips twitching slightly.
"I'm not like him. I'm not earnest. Betraying Fisher was a moment's decision, and betraying you in the future might be just as easy."
He turned off the light and lay beside her, only to feel her arms wrap around his waist.
"I'm not afraid."
Irene held on tightly.
Even if he betrayed her, it would be her own fault, not his. He was blameless.
A hundred life-or-death missions couldn't make up for now, let alone a mere betrayal.
"I'm really not afraid."
Bryan's heart softened inexplicably. He couldn't understand her; she was only using him as a stand-in, yet she was so deeply involved. His eyes closed.
"Let's sleep."
Irene was indeed sleepy, snuggling into his embrace, and drifted into a sweet slumber.
get
When she woke, the room was prepared with dinner, and it was already evening, her schedule completely flipped. Several sets women's clothing, more modest than before, were laid out for her choice. 
Irene casually picked an outfit, and after eating, headed down to the bar.
Bryan was there, mixing drinks, seemingly more approachable after Irene's demonstration the previous day. The women trying to flirt with him grew bolder. 
One mimicked Irene, caressing his hand with her fingertips.
But he just glanced at her, smiled, and withdrew his hand, politely.
"Your drink, ma'am."
Another tried to kiss him forcefully.
He gently pushed their lips away with his palm, the woman's lips pressing into his hand before she reluctantly pulled back.
Irene, dressed in trousers and a crop top, took a seat at the bar and ordered the most expensive drinks.
Bryan's lashes fluttered, and after preparing her drinks, he pushed them toward her.
"Try to go easy."
His tone was casual, fleeting, before he moved on to serve other patrons.
Despite ordering strong drinks, Irene found them sweet to the taste.
She leaned on the bar, chin resting on her arm, quietly watching him.
The bar was noisy, with a crowd dancing in the distance. Recognizing her as the popular dancer from the past few nights, some approached offering drinks. 
Irene declined them all, waiting until Bryan was back at her side to ask, "With all your money, why come here?"
Renting a room upstairs wasn't cheap, nearly a fortune a night, and he had it for half a year.
Clearly, working here wasn't about the money.
"Mixing with regular folk."
Irene laughed lightly, "Brother, there's nothing 'regular' about this place. It's all oddballs here."
When wealth accumulates to a certain point, people's pursuits change. Simple happiness can't satisfy those bloated by gluttony.
Desires multiply, becoming harder to fulfill, leading everyone to seek out new thrills.
###Chapter 1374
"The thrill of it all is something most folks can't even dream of," she said, laughing and propping her head up with one hand. After she said that, she heard his earnest question. "Like what?"
Irene glanced briefly at a certain part of him. "Like what happened yesterday in the restroom. Haven't you experienced it already?"
Bryan's face instantly flushed red.
The other women had been silently watching these two, utterly baffled. How come this man, impervious to all their flirtations, could blush so readily at just a word or two from Irene? Bryan shot Irene a glare just as a colleague came over to switch shifts, giving him a chance to step aside for a break.
No sooner had he left than all the other women crowded around Irene.
"Girl, how do you do it with men? You've got to teach us."
"Yeah, how do you get such a tough guy all flustered? Share your secrets, please."
"Or better yet, start a class. We'd sign up in a heartbeat."
Irene glanced over at Bryan, who was sitting not too far away, resting, and her lips curved into a smile. "This? You probably wouldn't be able to handle it. I was born with it." The women's faces fell, feeling frustrated and annoyed.
When halftime came, Bryan stepped out for a smoke. Leaning against the railing, a hand reached from behind, plucking the cigarette from his lips and casually placing it in hers, taking a drag and blowing out the smoke leisurely. Bryan squinted, catching a glimpse of her slender waist beneath her shirt, his breath hitching.
Irene finished the half-smoked cigarette, expertly snuffing out the butt. There was a rose tattoo at the small of her back, with a series of numbers and another rose hidden in such a private place, one could only imagine the pain. Watching her smoke, Bryan really wanted to ask about the "001" inked in such a secret spot, hinting it was more than just a lover's mark. But he had tried asking yesterday, to no response.
Lighting another cigarette, he
couldn't get over it. Kissing that rose, his thoughts would drift to it being meant for someone else, turning his excitement bitter. And yet, she was so determined, insisting on coming here, appearing before him time and again. He just didn't get ber. 
With a cigarette between his fingers, Bryan watched her suddenly swing her legs over the railing, startling him. tealizing they were on the first floor, his racing heart calmed down. She was a constant worry, a person made of adventure and freedom. 
"Bryan."
"Hmm?"
He methodically put out his cigarette, listening as she mused, "I wonder how many years we have left in this life."
"As long as you eat on time, you'll live a long life."
Irene chuckled. "You know I'm not the type to eat regularly or keep a routine unless someone makes me."
"Ms. Irene, if you wanted, there'd be plenty of men willing to take care of you."
Irene didn't reply, just sighed looking off into the distance. "Is it because of that photo you carry? You don't want to look after me?"
Bryan squinted, surprised she had seen the photo.
Irene turned to face him. "That's the love of your life, right?"
"Yeah, it is."
Hearing his answer, Irene's grip on the railing tightened, her heart aching more than if she'd been shot. Her face paled, quickly looking away to hide her distress. "With someone you loved so much, why take her on such dangerous missions?"
"Because we relished the feeling of entrusting our lives to each other. Facing death, being inseparable in life and death, isn't that romantic?"
Their concept of romance was
distinct from the world's. In the world's eyes, romance was about stability, happy family, a child. But for those who danced on the edge of the knife, romance was holding each other's hands as death approached. 
So that was it. That was the kind of romance he desired, the kind of woman he wanted.
###Chapter 1375
Irene lived life on her own terms, a far cry from her muddled days. She was all about taking it one day at a time. If someone caught her eye, she didn't hesitate to bring them into her inner circle. To her, life was all about freedom and ease-why waste time worrying about what others thought? Some people called her promiscuous, but honestly, if given the chance to be with countless attractive men, how many would actually resist? Those who judged her were just jealous they couldn't live as freely as she did.
To Irene, society's rules, especially those that chained women down, were just nonsense. But still, she wasn't the kind of woman Bryan was into. No wonder he only wanted to sleep with her and not be with her.
Her heart ached, tears streaming down her face, her lips pressed tightly together. Bryan looked up and saw her silently crying. His heart clenched, and he reached for a tissue, only to realize he didn't have any. Without thinking, he tore off a piece of his shirt sleeve and handed it to her.
"Have you always been this teary?" he asked, noting that this wasn't the first time he'd seen her cry recently.
Irene tried to respond but found herself speechless. Her heart felt like it had a gaping hole, cold winds pouring in. She could barely see through her tears as she stepped down from the railing, her shoulders quivering, as fragile as if she might break any moment. Bryan raised his hand to comfort her but hesitated, not really understanding the source of her tears. Maybe it had something to do with 001, and if so, his comfort would be pointless. His hand slowly retracted as he forced himself not to look at her. "Bryan, do you still love the woman in the picture?"
"No, it's been seven years. Time is the cruelest thing in the world. I spent the first two years missing her so badly I couldn't sleep. But now, after seven years, it feels like I've stopped thinking about her altogether. I just got used to carrying her picture, glancing at it before missions to make sure I come back alive."
Irene wiped away her tears. So he didn't love her anymore. That was a relief. They had been apart for ten years, and he'd been through so much. She couldn't expect him to have remained alone; that would be too unreasonable. Even ordinary people might go through several partners in ten years, let alone someone like him.
Bryan saw her smile through her tears and frowned, perplexed by her sudden change of mood.
"If you don't love her anymore, could you maybe start loving me?" she asked, hope shining in her eyes.
Bryan's heart skipped a beat, his heartbeat so loud he struggled to hear her words. He swallowed hard, his throat dry.
"Ms. Irene," he started, preferring to use her full name with a formality that had persisted over the years. Before she became a leader, he'd respectfully called her "Miss," and after her rise to power, simply "Boss."
"Do you truly love me? From the bottom of your heart?" he asked.
Irene nodded, tears starting to flow again.
Bryan held her face gently, sighing.
"Do you love me, or are you seeing someone else through me?"
Irene stiffened, looking up at him as he wiped away her tears with his fingertips.
"Seeing 001, do you think I resemble him?"
So that was it.
She looked down, her tears flowing
hermore freely, causing B
Sweet
swnove
ent belongs to
ache alongside hers.
"Bryan, how did you survive ten years ago?"
Bryan was surprised. How did she know the ordeal he
through a decade ago?
belongs to en.kikistoriet
"Fisher saved me. I was nearly gone, covered in blood, and it's a miracle I survived. My face was ruined, and spent three months in the hospital. When twoke up, Fisher asked me to work for him, and of course,b agreed." FindNovel
won
Irene paused, taking a deep breath. It was a miracle he had survived.
No more wasted time-every minute lost was a disrespect to life itself.
"You want to know who 001 is, don't you? Come to your room, and I'll tell you."
###Chapter 1376
Bryan was gently pulled into the room upstairs by her, and once inside, she pushed him down into a chair.
"About two decades ago, the Riddle family had twins," she began, her voice trembling with emotion.
Bryan just watched her, his brows knitting tighter with each word she spoke.
As Irene continued, tears streamed down her face, and she clung to his hand as if afraid he might vanish at any moment. The room fell silent after she finished her tale, her hand still gripping his, his palm wet with her pooled tears.
"So, the one I truly love is you. You're 001. I know I've made so many mistakes, and we've missed out on so many years. You had someone you cherished before, and you never told me that you loved me. You offered me your heart, but that's not what I want, Bryan. Why did I act foolishly with you on that watchtower? Because what you muttered in your sleep was exactly what 001 told me in his final words."
She unclasped the throwing knife from her wrist.
"Do you recognize this? You gave it to me, but I also sent you to your death with it, a hundred times over. I don't understand how I could be so cruel. I wished you wouldn't survive, so I could follow you in death, yet I also hoped you would live. Every time you went on a mission, I suffered more than you."
Bryan took the knife from her hand, worried she might hurt herself in her unstable state.
"Bryan, you can punish me however you wish, just don't leave me," Irene pleaded, her eyes swollen from crying.
Bryan remained silent, the only sound in the room being her sobs. His mind was plagued with fragments of a conversation he had never fully explored. With all the people he met and the conversations he heard on missions, it could have been an unconscious replication of someone else's words, insignificant in the grand scheme.
However, the sight of the throwing knife stirred something in his heart he couldn't ignore.
Was he the one she loved, marked upon her skin?
This revelation overwhelmed him, his breaths shortening as if he was on the verge of suffocation.
He flicked the thin knife, sending it flying into the couch with precision.
"Bryan, why aren't you saying anything? Is it because you can't accept me?" Irene
her past actions had left
her past actions had left a lasting scar on him. 
Tears choked her speech as she struggled to stand, stumbling towards the door. The room was dark, illuminated only by the light from the window which allowed them to see each other's faces. But her vision was blurred by tears,
making everything indistinct. 
Just as she was about to fall, she was caught in a warm embrace, and the next second, the room was bathed in light, pushing her onto the bed.
"Is your tattoo because of me?" he asked, his fingers pausing over the hidden spot.
Irene nodded, covering her eyes with both hands as she wept.
But then, the light was turned off again. He knelt down, kissing the tattoo gently.
"I understand now, Ms. Irene."
Even though the light was off, Irene felt as if she was still exposed under a glaring spotlight. Frozen, her tears continued to fall.
Meanwhile, Jaired, thinking Irene hadn't returned because she failed to catch up with Bryan, was considering shamelessly asking Bryan to tag along.
He had just finished a task for the
Riddle family and was now lounging on the couch, scrolling through his contacts, debating which friend to call for a drink. 
Maybe Andrew? Recently, Andrew had been shamelessly hovering around Aubree, acting like a lovesick puppy.
If Irene was "Puppy Love Prime," then Andrew was definitely "Puppy Love Beta."
And King? He could be considered "Puppy Love Charlie," perhaps.
As Jaired mulled over this, he grew increasingly frustrated. Why were all his friends acting like dogs?
Didn't anyone want to be human anymore?
###Chapter 1377
Jaired was just about to grab a couple of mates for a night out at the pub when he heard some noise at the door. His eyes lit up, and he hurried over to open it.
But before he could reach it, the door swung open, revealing Irene and Bryan standing there.
Irene, looking utterly exhausted, was cradled in Bryan's arms. She gave Jaired a quick glance before turning her gaze back to Bryan.
"I'm hungry," she said softly.
The sweetness in her voice made Jaired's skin crawl. It was hard to reconcile this gentle, soft-spoken woman with the fierce Irene he knew, who could tear her enemies apart with her bare hands. Bryan looked at Jaired. "Got anything to eat?"
Something about Bryan's presence made Jaired head to the kitchen almost reflexively. But as he realized what he was doing, he wished he could chop off his own legs for betraying him.
Behind him, Bryan's voice carried over. "Make some extra soup, will ya? I'm starving too."
"Sure," Jaired replied.
As he entered the kitchen, he caught a glimpse through the open door of Bryan setting Irene down on the couch. Irene laughed and looped her arms around Bryan's neck, seemingly amused by something only they knew. Bryan also cracked a smile, tenderly stroking her nose, causing her to sweetly lower her hands.
Watching this scene made Jaired's skin break out in goosebumps. He felt if he watched any longer, he might go blind, so he quickly averted his gaze.
The soup was already simmering. As he was about to start on the main dish, Bryan walked in.
"Need a hand with anything?"
Jaired stiffened. "Rinse the veggies, would you?"
To his surprise, Bryan actually went over to the sink and started washing the vegetables. Jaired had only made a casual comment and didn't actually expect Bryan to help. Now, feeling somewhat awkward, he pretended to focus intently on the scrambled eggs with tomatoes he was frying.
Not gifted in the kitchen, Jaired could only manage simple comfort food.
After Bryan placed the cleaned lettuce on the chopping board, he said, "You've had it rough these past years."
Hearing this, Jaired froze, feeling a sudden sting in his eyes from the smoke.
Bryan looked up, noticing Jaired seemingly crying, and turned on the exhaust fan. "Smoke getting to you?"
"Yeah, the smoke... This damn fan should've been replaced ages ago. It's choking me, all smoky and stuff."
Bryan glanced at the pan, containing nothing but the simple scrambled eggs with tomatoes, and chuckled softly. "Let's get a new one then. I'll pay."
Jaired wiped his eyes dry, pretending it was indeed the smoke. "Whatever, I'm not short on cash."
After all, being the young master of the Riddle family meant wealth was no issue.
Bryan smiled. "Alright, let's get a good one. And maybe we should renovate the place too. Could we turn it into a love nest for me and Ms. Irene?" The spatula Jaired was holding clattered to the floor, his face a picture of shock. "You guys are getting married?"
Bryan nodded, his gaze tender. "We've missed out on too many years. I don't want to miss out anymore."
Jaired couldn't quite pinpoint his feelings. It was just a house, after all. It wasn't about not wanting to let go. After all, this was his big brother.
"Sure, why not? I'll get some guys to work on it. When's the big day?"
"Next week. We'll keep it simple, just
some new furniture. Ms. Irene can't wait. She wants to get married before everyone else. Plus, she's given up on becoming president of North America. Called them up, passed the position to her top pick. Things must be a bit chaotic over there now." 
With a new president barely in office before stepping down, it surely looked like a game of house to outsiders. But that was Irene for you. What she wanted, she got. What she didn't want, she'd discard without a second thought, never to benefit her enemies. If the royal family hadn't angered her, she wouldn't have pursued the presidency in the first place. But her chosen successor was competent, personally trained by her. 
Now, Irene couldn't care less about North America. She just wanted to be with Bryan every moment, making up for the ten years they'd lost.
Jaired mechanically stirred the food
in the pan, barely registering Bryan's warning about it burning. He quickly turned off the heat and plated the food, still in disbelief that Irene Conce a thrill-seeker and adventurer now longed for a peaceful life. 
"Bryan and Ms. Irene will stay in Beaconsfield. That way, you'll have someone to talk to."
As Bryan added the veggies to the pan, he gave Jaired a reassuring smile. "Stop crying, man. You look terrible when you cry. I'll have someone replace the exhaust fan this afternoon." "Right, yeah. It's definitely too smoky in here."
###Chapter 1378
Bryan and Irene were getting hitched. It all happened so fast.
They revamped their place in just a day, picking out everything Irene loved. Jaired had moved out, setting up in another mansion. Meanwhile, Irene was living the ultimate laid-back life, with a bunch of servants bustling around, all silently judging her lazy ways. Even eating dessert seemed like too much effort for her; she preferred Bryan to feed her spoonfuls.
Bryan hadn't quit his bartending gig, so when she wasn't lounging at home, Irene often swung by the bar to flirt with him.
When Brielle and King got the wedding invite, they had to double-check it. "Who's getting married? Irene?"
Memories of Irene and then of Kenzo flashed through Brielle's mind, making her chest tighten for a moment. But it quickly passed. Everyone had made their choices, and there was no point in regrets. When you make a choice, you have to deal with the consequences. King flipped the invitation, noticing the thought put into it. It was clear the guest list was short; just a small gathering for dinner. Irene and Bryan didn't know many people in Beaconsfield, barely enough to fill one table. They didn't want anything extravagant, so everyone just gathered at their mansion.
Servants were busy cooking, while Irene arranged flowers on the windowsill, ones Bryan had picked up on his way back from work. Jaired and King felt like they were seeing things when they walked in. They'd seen her in action, but never this domesticated side. Dustin felt the same way, especially when Irene smiled and asked what dessert they'd like. The room fell silent; no one knew how to respond.
Everyone knew the North American royalty had beef with the Lynch family. Although Irene's reign was short, her protégé was now in power, making the future of the monarchy's relationship with the Lynches uncertain.
Dustin, sitting near Brielle, watched as Bryan fixed the messily arranged flowers on the windowsill, still in his apron, looking like he'd just come from a gardening lesson.
"Bryan," Irene called, rushing over and wrapping her arms around his waist, fanning herself dramatically.
"Tired?" she asked.
Bryan caught her hand and kissed gently. Everyone lounging on the couch felt a shiver down their spine,
quietly sipping from their he
The vibe was a bit weird. 
Dinner was a whole performance from Irene.
"This bone is too tough. Can you carve it for me, Bryan?"
"Wow, this fish has so many bones. Can you pick them out for me?"
"Bryan, you're so sweet. Could you also spoon-feed me some soup? The spoon feels heavy."
Everyone at the table-Brielle, King, Jaired, Dustin, Joseph, Ricardo-found it hard to eat. Jaired, fed up, slammed his fork down.
"Irene, enough already! Can you sit up straight? What do you even look like right now?"
Irene was practically draped over Bryan, her eyes glued to him as he picked out fish bones for her. She
ignored Jaired, continuing to eat et
from Bryan's hand. With everyone else barely touching their food, the tension was thick. 
Irene looked up and scanned the room. "Come on, eat up. I invited you all to celebrate." Jaired stood abruptly. "I can't eat this!"
Irene sat up straight and pointed to the QR code by the entrance. "No worries if you're not eating. But
since you're here for the celebration, you might as well leave a gift"
en FindNovel
###Chapter 1379
Jaired froze, his eyes locking onto a massive QR code for payments by the entrance. He had no clue when it had been put there. The thought of chipping in without having had a bite to eat made him feel slightly cheated. He swallowed his frustration, sat back down, and
piled more food onto his plate.
The others started eating quietly as well.
Dustin served Brielle a piece of BBQ ribs. "Hey, Little Canary, just pretend you didn't see it, okay? Eat up."
King also offered Brielle a piece. "Dustin's right-what you don't see can't hurt you."
Brielle's gaze drifted towards Irene. Irene seemed like a different person, her face glowing with happiness, yet there was a hint of tears beneath that joy. Maybe only a woman could pick up on such subtle emotions.
It had taken them over a decade to get here, missing out on so many years, just to share a meal at the same table. They were unlucky in some ways but lucky in others.
Before leaving, Brielle thought for a moment and then scanned the QR code, transferring five million. The others reluctantly followed suit, but their congratulations were genuine.
Irene's wedding was incredibly simple. After the meal, everyone went their own ways, leaving just her and Bryan. Bryan then pulled out the ring he had prepared and slid it onto her finger. Irene examined the ring closely, laughing and crying at the same time. Bryan had delayed presenting the ring because he feared she would react this way, and her tears were unstoppable. After using several tissues to dry her face, she finally stopped, smiling and saying, "It's so beautiful, this ring." Bryan smiled back, "As long as you like it."
Of course, Irene loved it. Her tears flowed once more as she wrapped her arms around his neck, crying. Bryan gently patted her back, signaling the servants to clear the table as he carried Irene upstairs to stand in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows on the balcony. "Don't cry; we have many more days ahead of us. This is just the beginning."
Irene nodded, taking another look at the ring on her finger. No matter what, she truly adored this world now.
On the way back, Brielle stared out the window, lost in thought, not even hearing King when he called her. Her mind was flooded with memories, including those of Max. She figured it would only be a few more days before everything came back to her. But she couldn't shake off the feeling that King was hiding something.
Curiously, she looked at him to find he was also staring outside, lost in his own thoughts. Brielle quietly grabbed his hand, "King?"
"Hmm?"
He turned to look at her, only to hear her ask, "What's in the medicine bottle in the nightstand?"
King's body tensed, then he looked down. "Vitamins."
"King, don't make any rash decisions, okay? If there's something on your mind, you can discuss it with Max."
King pressed his lips together, a bitter taste in his mouth. Could he really discuss this matter with Max?
"Little Canary."
"Hmm?"
"If one day, the person by your side becomes me, and Max never returns, how would you feel?"
"Sad."
King felt a pang in his heart and looked away. "I see."
"I remembered something, on the podium at Beaconsfield College, my heart skipped a beat for him. Then during the exchange year, you looked after me through castle fires, mudslides, and all the moments in Beaconsfield, in North America... It was all with you guys." 
"Little Canary, during the time you were kept in the castle, why didn't you ask who I was? Is this how you see Max?"
Brielle furrowed her brows, her head throbbing, sensing she was missing something "Yes, you're his other side, and he's yours. When I first met him at Beaconsfield, he also had a harsh side, just hidden very deep." 
Like in bed, he enjoyed seeing her blush, enjoyed her, the hedgehog, showing her soft, harmless belly. That excited him more than usual.
King immediately took offense. What did she mean by harsh side? So, Max's harsh side was him, huh?
He turned his head away, refusing to continue the topic. Brielle, oblivious to her faux pas and noticing his anger, frowned, wondering what was bothering him. 
###Chapter 1380
"King, if Max doesn't come back, I'll be heartbroken. And if you don't, it'll hurt just as much."
She reached out again, taking his hand firmly in hers.
"You might think you're nothing like him, but from where I'm standing, I can always spot something you both share."
Max's rebellious streak, King's solid reliability each seemed to carry a piece of the other within them.
Being with Max was a thrill, a rush from the very first glance.
And being with King? That was its own kind of joy. He was the one who picked up the pieces after the Haywood family left her shattered, warming her with his passion. But then, there was that wedge driven between them.
Frowning, she realized, yes, someone had stirred trouble, spreading rumors that the child had died.
King had even said it himself that the child was gone. But was it true?
Whose child was Isaac, really?
Her head pounded harder at the thought.
If King had truly loved her from the start, he wouldn't have fathered a child with another.
And his influence must have extended to Max, making it so easy to seduce him back in Beaconsfield. It had always puzzled her how swiftly she had succeeded. She massaged her temples, trying to focus on what mattered most.
Lying awake at night, Brielle couldn't find sleep. She stared at the ceiling until she was sure the person beside her was asleep, then whispered, "Max."
The man by her side opened his eyes instantly.
"Yeah?"
Max pulled her into an embrace.
"King won't talk about Isaac, but you wouldn't lie to me, right? Is Isaac... my child?"
Rising, Max switched on the lamp and indeed found moisture on the pillow.
Her memory was returning swiftly, and with Isaac's age as a clue, the pieces started falling into place.
He grabbed a tissue and gently dabbed her cheeks.
"Yes, he didn't tell you because he was worried it would be too much for you."
Brielle's tears fell even harder. She got up, intending to dash out, but Max caught her in time.
He knelt down, fetching her shoes and slowly slipping them on her feet.
"If you can't sleep, I'll walk with you. The kid needs us to be strong, and rushing over now would only scare him."
This cicada, she realized, was
actually pretty timid, especially
it
to matters of the
when
belongs to en.FindNovel ont
Feeling defeated, Brielle sank back onto the bed.
Max had already put her shoes on and gently ruffled her hair.
"Let's get some fresh air, the flowers are blooming nicely."
Unable to sleep, Brielle took his hand and they descended the stairs together.
The garden lights were on, and she slowly walked hand in hand with him, feeling the warmth from his grasp.
Noir, waking up at some point, silently followed a few steps behind.
Max glanced at the Premier Palace
st
noticing a few more red lanternet
than last year. "This year is be lively," he thought. 
Brielle, still a bit dazed, only found clarity in the warmth of his hand. "Brielle, are you cold?"
The early autumn nights were still brisk.
Shaking her head, her fingers interlaced with his.
"My head was hurting, but the cool air is helping."
Max smiled, squeezing her hand.
"Isaac must have accepted you deep down. Otherwise, he wouldn't have cried so bitterly when you were hurt."
His eyes had swollen from crying, asking several times a day when she would be discharged.
Brielle felt a warmth in her heart from his words, but her eyes welled up again.
"I've failed as a mother. I wasn't there to watch him grow, never changed his diapers, never fed him I've missed so much, and now he's already so big. It surprises me, and knowing he's as silent as youwere, it just breaks my heart." 
###Chapter 1381
Only a mother knows this kind of regret.
Max wrapped his arms around her, gently patting her back. "It's not your fault."
If you had to trace it back, he'd shoulder a big part of the blame. Back then, under the crushing pressure from the Dorsey family, he lost a part of himself. That's when King emerged, leading to all the tangled mess between King and her.
If King were seen as a separate person, then all three of them were incomplete, each stuck in their own swamp. Only together could they pull each other out.
King's swamp came from Brielle not loving her. Brielle's swamp was her insecurities. And Max? His swamp had always been King.
It was a fated cycle, with no one really at fault. If someone on the outside thought anyone owed anyone else, they just didn't get it.
What is love in the eyes of the world, anyway? Max didn't really care. Just like Irene now, some people might point fingers at her, saying she wasn't good enough for Bryan, criticizing her past relationships, calling her promiscuous, saying she should be drowned in spit. But to Bryan, Irene was irreplaceable; he saw what others couldn't.
In essence, it was an equal match, a higher form of love, a more refined pleasure. Of course, there's nothing wrong with indulging in simpler love, but if everyone could tolerate each other's views, society would hear a lot less judgment.
"Brielle, it's okay to be a little selfish," Max said softly. "It's okay, so don't worry about what anyone else thinks."
Brielle stiffened, tears suddenly streaming down her face. Max cradled her face, kissing her twice.
"Just do what you want to do."
"Max," Brielle hugged him tightly, her tears nearly soaking his shirt. In Max's mind, King seemed to finally wake up, frowning deeply.
"What did you do now? Why did you make her cry again, Max? Can't you be more mature, like me? Just hug her, kiss her, and she'll stop crying."
King had indeed been asleep,
slipping into a deep slumber
whenever he was near Brielle. When Brielle called out, it was only Max she summoned; King had been asleep, waking up only to see her crying, which made him anxious. 
Max tuned out King's voice, instead patting Brielle's back. "It's getting late, we should go to sleep, or your eyes will swell."
Brielle nodded through her sobs. Lying back down, she felt a surge of courage from his words, wrapping her arms around him. And with that, she drifted into a sweet sleep.
The next morning, Brielle was up at
five, eager to join the chef
downstairs to learn cooking. Although she knew some basics, it was clear that Isaac preferred the culinary skills Dustin had, not something one could master overnight. 
To win a child's heart, you must first win over their stomach!
When Isaac woke up and finished his morning routine, he came downstairs. Rubbing his eyes at the kitchen door, he saw Brielle chopping vegetables and couldn't help speaking up. "Brielle."
"What's up?"
"Your wound, don't strain it, let Dad do it."
Her wound couldn't have healed
couldn't
completely could it? She shouldn't
be in the kitchen; that wasn't a
woman's job. Isn't cooking
supposed to be a man's job? Look at Uncle, look at the chefs at home, look at Dad-they're all men. 
###Chapter 1382
"My injuries are almost healed, no need to worry."
Brielle's lips curled into a soft smile as she decided to take it easy, just like Max had suggested.
"Little Cricket, have you washed your face?"
Isaac had already washed up, like he did every morning before coming downstairs. But hearing her question, his mouth moved faster than his brain. "No."
Brielle quickly set aside the vegetables she was chopping, grabbed a paper towel to wipe her hands, and walked over to take his hand.
"Alright then, let's go wash your face."
There was a washbasin on the first floor, and she took a clean cloth, motioning for him to bow his head.
Isaac's cheeks turned crimson instantly, his ears burning.
Brielle poured some water on his cheeks and gently rubbed them. A child's skin is delicate, no need for any fancy face washes, just water will do. After washing, she patted his face dry with the cloth.
Isaac's ears turned an even brighter shade of red, too shy to look at her.
Brielle leaned in, "Why's your face so red?"
Isaac stuttered even more.
"Just... hot."
Brielle chuckled, ruffling his hair.
"Alright, off you go."
She turned to rinse the cloth under the tap, wringing it out before setting it aside.
Isaac stood there, watching her back, feeling warmth bloom in his chest.
He slowly walked away, a smile forming on his lips.
At that moment, King was coming down the stairs. Mostly unemployed now except for the occasional online meeting, he spent most of his time at Premier Palace. Isaac usually wore a blank expression, but today, he visibly looked happier.
"Little Cricket, what's got you so happy today?"
Hearing King's voice, Isaac quickly tried to hide his smile.
King approached and scooped him into a hug.
"Come on, share what's making you so happy."
Isaac turned his head away, clearly not planning to share.
King chuckled lightly, glancing towards the kitchen and spotting Brielle. He quickly set Isaac down.
"Brielle."
He called out, striding towards the kitchen.
"You shouldn't be cooking with your injury not fully healed."
Brielle was still chopping, but he had already taken the knife from her.
"Brielle, you go sit down; I've got this."
Hearing this, Brielle couldn't help but laugh. Last time King attempted to cook, the broccoli ended up in the trash.
At the doorway, Isaac, hearing King
was goin
to cook, was already
planning to sneak a slice of bread
swer.
from the fridge to stave off 
"King, really, I'm fine."
"But still, you need to rest."
Unable to argue with him and feeling a bit touched, Brielle gave in.
Meanwhile, Isaac, seeing both of them leave the kitchen, also abandoned the idea of getting bread.
King, noticing his action, narrowed his eyes.
"Little Cricket, what were you about to do just now?"
Isaac, quick on his feet, grabbed some milk from the fridge as if that was his intention all along.
He poured a glass and handed it to Brielle.
But King intervened, "Cold milk in the morning can hurt your stomach."
Brielle quickly stood up, "I'll warm it up."
And so, the matter of the bread was subtly avoided.
King sat on the sofa, feeling a bit uneasy since he suspected what Max might have told Brielle the night before.
He was nervous, and Brielle acting as if everything was normal only added to his unease.
After breakfast, Isaac went to play with Noir, and King took the moment to apologize to Brielle.
"I'm sorry for keeping secrets. The
therapist mentioned it's better foret
your
avoid
s to return gradually to
stress." 
Brielle didn't blame him, rather blaming herself for not suspecting sooner.
"It's not your fault, King. I share the blame."
King lit up at her words, though he barely dared to meet her gaze.
"So, do you like Little Cricket?"
"Of course, I've always hoped he could be my child. It's just, now I'm unsure how to connect with him."
For a mother, this was a hard admission.
Despite Isaac's age, she had never cared for him directly.
No wonder Isaac seemed distant.
Outside, Isaac, after playing with Noir, noticed his friend wasn't as lively as before.
When Noir curled up in pain, Isaac's face went pale, and he rushed inside.
"Brielle."
"Brielle."
He called out twice, pulling her hand towards the door.
"Noir's sick."
Isaac's fingertips trembled, his face a mix of fear and concern.
Noir was his best friend; he couldn't bear anything happening to him.
Brielle approached and,
remembering Noir's swollen belly
said, "Let's get a vet to check on him. Little Cricket, don't worry, it might just be a pregnancy." 
###Chapter 1383
Isaac was completely unaware of how tightly he was holding Brielle's hand.
Brielle glanced down, her heart melting at his sweet and obedient demeanor, and scooped him up into her arms.
"It's probably Noir getting ready to have her babies. Don't worry, Isaac, everything's going to be alright."
A tear welled up in Isaac's eyes as he nodded, resting his head on her shoulder.
King, watching this tender moment from a short distance away, felt a profound sense of contentment.
He smiled, urged the vet to hurry up, and then strode forward to plant a kiss on Brielle's cheek.
The vet arrived in less than twenty minutes and, after a thorough check-up, confirmed, "She's definitely expecting. Let's get her inside for now." Isaac's previously downcast face instantly lit up as he grabbed Brielle's hand.
"Brielle, you're amazing!"
Brielle cupped his cheeks, planting a kiss on each side.
"Yes, yes. Let's clear a room for Noir. That'll be her nursery."
Nodding eagerly, they both grabbed brooms and rushed into a sunlit room in the Premier Palace's garden, perfect for a nursery.
King deliberately didn't call for the servants' help, knowing this was a rare bonding moment for Brielle and Isaac, a chance to strengthen their relationship. And indeed, it was.
Isaac, with his little legs, vigorously swept the floor after Brielle, buzzing with excitement at the thought of little Noirs on the way.
The spacious room, already quite clean, now looked even brighter.
Brielle led Isaac to a faucet to wash his hands. After drying them, Isaac approached Noir and called out to her gently.
The discomfort Noir had experienced was likely just a kick from her unborn baby, not yet the time for labor.
With the pain now subsided, Noir followed her young master into the room.
Isaac's eyes sparkled as he watched Brielle spread a soft cushion for Noir, recalling how Noir always slept beside him on a similar soft bed. 
Isaac hadn't thought of this detail, but seeing Brielle making the bed warmed his heart.
"Brielle, you're so kind."
Hearing this, Brielle paused, her eyes welling up with emotion.
To Isaac, this simple act of kindness meant the world.
Once the bed was ready, Noir settled down on it, her ears drooping in comfort.
Brielle gently stroked Noir's head.
"So, she wasn't just getting chubby; she's pregnant. Probably from that leopard we encountered during our escape to the mountains." Isaac nodded and gently rubbed Noir's ears.
"Hope it's soon," he whispered, eager to see the little Noirs and spare Noir the discomfort of prolonged labor.
Brielle watched him, thinking how Noir's pregnancy was a blessing in disguise, giving her more reasons to spend time with Isaac.
Isaac, who had once been so lonely
l.ne
in the castle with only Noir for company, now had Brielle's daily companionship, and his smiles were endless. 
Every stir from Noir sent Isaac running to Brielle, asking, "Brielle, is it happening?"
Brielle would rush with him to check, but it was usually just Noir stretching her legs.
"Don't worry, Isaac. We've got cameras in here. If Noir starts having her babies, we'll know right away."
Isaac finally nodded, still clinging to her clothes.
They both eagerly awaited Noir's delivery, a whole week of anticipation.
King had been on his medication for the same duration.
Every time he reached for the
medicine bottle, his fingers trembled
slightly Yet, hearing Brielle and
Isaac's laughter outside always softened his gaze. 
He reminded himself not to be too greedy; this happiness was more than enough.
###Chapter 1384
Evening had fallen over Tequila Sunset, a local hangout bathed in the warm glow of neon lights. Inside, King had gathered a diverse group: Dustin, Andrew, Keiran, Bryan, and Jaired. Not everyone knew each other, but they all knew King. Andrew sat alone in a corner, arms crossed, watching the group. He was a stark contrast to the chatty Max from the past.
King shared an idea, his eyes hopeful as they landed on Dustin. "Bro, what do you think about this proposal plan?"
Dustin, resting his head on his hand, frowned. The plan seemed a bit cliché to him, which made everyone turn their eyes to Bryan, the only one with marriage experience.
Bryan stammered, caught off guard. "I just... slipped the ring on Ms. Irene's finger, and that was that."
Right then, his phone buzzed-a gift from Irene, who insisted he carry it since he wasn't a fan of gadgets. He answered, and Irene's voice filled the room, "Honey, why aren't you home yet? It's dark, and I'm scared."
The rest of the guys fell silent, especially Jaired, who looked like he'd strangle Irene if he could reach through the phone.
Bryan, blushing under their stares, mumbled, "I should head back. Irene's alone, and I'm worried. Sorry, King, I can't help you."
Jaired couldn't resist a dig. "Just keep spoiling her, man. Give it a few days, and you'll probably have to carry her out of bed."
Bryan left, not mentioning that Irene already needed help getting out of bed.
With Bryan gone, the air grew tense. King had hoped for some brainstorming, but planning a proposal was out of these men's league, who were more used to the cutthroat worlds of business and other less savory activities.
Andrew sensed the shift and bristled as Jaired made another snide remark. "Why ask him? He can't even win his girl over. He's been playing house, cooking, but hasn't made any real moves. If he was any good, he'd be hitched to Aubree by now." 
Andrew's mood darkened, and the temperature seemed to drop.
Jaired leaned back, undeterred. "Just saying. And this Keiran, a celebrity with zero love life, how's he gonna help with your grand proposal?"
Keiran, feeling out of place among these strangers except for Dustin, raised an eyebrow. "And who the hell are all of you again?"
Dustin, massaging his temples, sighed. Keiran's notorious short-term memory made him practically useless in this discussion.
Just then, Dustin's phone pinged
with a message from Chase, who had followed Keiran to Beaconsfield from North America and had become a permanent fixture in their lives. 
en FindNovel
Chase's text was brief: Is Keiran with you? He's no use there; send him home.
Dustin quickly replied, confirming Keiran's presence and lack of utility. Chase's response was cheeky: "Thanks, big bro, xoxo."
Keiran, about to ask Dustin when they'd return to North America, was interrupted by his own phone's alert. It was Chase again, this time with a
photo of a teddy bear onel.r
эл
me yet?
accompanied by a plaintive message: "Why aren't you I'm all alone, and even the teddy bear is cold." 
Without missing a beat, Keiran texted back, "Just boil some water and pour it on. It won't be cold anymore."
###Chapter 1385
Chase, keeping his expression neutral, took a screenshot of the message and sent it to Dustin.
"Hey man, how long do you think it'll take for me to win her over?"
Dustin nearly spit out his drink when he saw the message. He turned and gave Keiran, who was sitting quietly beside him, a weird look.
"This guy must be missing the romance gene to say something like that," he thought.
Then another message from Chase popped up.
"Seriously, bro, reply. I'm freezing over here."
Dustin chuckled and replied, "Maybe try warming up with some hot water?"
After sending the message, he put his phone down and continued to stare at the coffee table, which was covered with bottles of booze. King, sitting next to him, looked anxious. "What are we gonna do? Come on, you gotta think of something."
Dustin, known as North America's top ladies' man, had a legendary playbook for wooing women. Surely, he could come up with a proposal that would sweep Brielle off her feet. Brielle's memory was almost fully restored, she knew about her child, and Max was about to come back into the picture.
King was getting restless, eager to pop the question before Max could swoop in and steal his thunder.
"The clothes I bought last time... Max used them, and now Brielle won't let me near the second set. It's infuriating," King grumbled.
Dustin frowned, genuinely stumped.
He had no idea what kind of
proposal Brielle would like.
Proposing wasn't something he'd ever considered with his
wom el net
ex-girlfriends. Winning a
heart was straightforward for him: if houses, cars, and diamonds didn't
work, then a home-cooked meal
usually did the trick.
Some women appreciated sincerity, others loved a grand gesture. Brielle seemed like the former, but when it came to proposals, didn't every woman dream of a grand spectacle? A moment to be remembered for a lifetime, under the gaze of an adoring public. Before Dustin could respond, Keiran chimed in.
"Brielle's getting proposed to? Why
not participate in that new reality show? It's the one with male and female celebrities traveling together. The next episode is being filmed at Beaconsfield Amusement Park. You know, the park that's themed around all those blockbuster movies? It's got a great vibe. You and Brielle could go as guest stars, pretend it's just for the show, and then surprise her with the proposal live on air. The show's been getting top ratings recently." 
Dustin looked at Keiran, surprised. Everyone at the table turned to stare at him, and Jaired even stood up in excitement. "Man, you're a genius! That's perfect-romantic, public, and unique all in one!"
Shaking his head with a smile, Dustin admired Keiran's brilliance, wishing he'd put as much effort into his own love life.
King, amazed by Keiran's suggestion, immediately contacted the producers of "Romantic Journey."
The show, a project by Stellar Stage
Entertainment, featured four
celebrity couples and thrived on public speculation about their
relationships. These stars, often net
linked only by a movie or TV
continued their on-screen romances into the realm of reality TV
capturing the audience's
imagination. 
The show quickly dominated the ratings, making a fortune for Stellar Stage Entertainment. Although they weren't the largest investor, the show's success significantly boosted their performance. With King and Brielle appearing as guest stars, the episode's ratings were guaranteed to skyrocket. The live proposal would be the icing on the cake, a perfect ending to their story.
King, filled with tender thoughts, looked forward to this grand gesture, ready for his own peaceful exit from the limelight.
###Chapter 1386
The proposal was set, and King couldn't wait to get back. He was eager to spend every moment he could with Brielle.
Meanwhile, Jaired was trying to convince Andrew to hang around for a few drinks.
"Forget about playing chef for once, man," Jaired teased, seeing Andrew's determination to leave. "Bros before... well, you know the saying. You could try a hundred times, but Aubree's just not into you. Stick with me tonight, and we're brothers for life." Andrew's face darkened as he shook off Jaired's hand. "Get lost! We're not brothers."
Jaired was left feeling down. Why did everyone else have something or someone they cared about, while he was just floating aimlessly?
When King returned to Premier Palace, the hall was empty. He headed straight to the room where Noir was staying and, sure enough, found a heartwarming scene.
Isaac was grooming Noir's fur while Brielle was busy with a trash bag, the mother and son working together in seamless harmony.
King couldn't help but chuckle at the sight, feeling a warmth spread through his chest. "Why are you still up?" he asked.
Isaac looked up at his arrival. "We're on watch. The vet said Noir's due any day now. Can't sleep knowing she might need us." Brielle was more than happy to join in the vigil.
King moved to their side, fetching a shorter stool to save them from aching legs.
As the night deepened, Noir suddenly shifted.
Isaac jumped up, grabbing Brielle's hand tightly. "Is it happening?"
Brielle nodded, seeing the signs of labor. "It's time. But remember, nature has its way. We just need to be here for her. She'll be less
stressed with us by her side. 
en FindNovel
Isaac's gaze was glued to Noir as she brought two little ones into the world, his excitement barely containable. This was Noir's first time being a mom!
Noir let out a whimper of pain,
brushing against Isaac's hand,
which filled him with a warm feeling Seeing Noir in pain made him sneak a glance at Brielle, wondering if this is what she went through when she had him. The thought brought tears to his eyes. 
Brielle, mistaking his tears for concern for Noir, rubbed his head reassuringly. "It's going to be okay." Isaac nodded, his eyes teary.
After a while, Noir successfully
delivered three healthy pups. Brielle and Isaac quickly swapped the
soiled bedding for a clean one
making everything cozy again for
the new family. 
By three in the morning, Isaac could barely keep his eyes open. Now that he knew Noir and her pups were safe, sleep was overtaking him.
Brielle cradled him. "Time for bed, little cricket. We can visit Noir first thing in the morning."
Isaac, half-asleep and comforted by the familiar gentle voice, leaned against Brielle and dozed off. "Okay, mommy."
Brielle froze, wondering if she'd heard him right. It was as if time stood still, and she was rooted to the spot, overwhelmed by emotion.
###Chapter 1387
King hadn't caught the whisper that escaped Isaac's lips, mistaking Brielle's frozen stance for a simple case of pins and needles. He was all set to relieve her of Isaac's weight when she instinctively pulled back, her hands trembling with excitement. "Did you hear that just now?"
"Hear what?" King, puzzled, drew her into an embrace. "Holding the little guy must be tiring you out. Let me take him. You've been on your feet all night."
"King, Isaac just called me 'mommy'," Brielle's voice was a mix of shock and awe. "He really did, I heard him."
A flicker of surprise crossed King's face, followed quickly by understanding. "He's known you're his mommy for a while now. Caught bits of my conversations with Joseph," King reassured her.
Brielle was even more taken aback. Why hadn't she been informed?
Realizing he had indeed forgotten to share this with Brielle, King felt a twinge of guilt. "I forgot to mention it. You're not mad, are you?"
Brielle's heart was practically melting. If Isaac had known all along and never once shied away from her approach, then just as King had said, he had accepted her in his heart.
Her heart felt tender and sore with emotion, grateful she had heeded Max's advice not to rush the recognition that night, which might have scared him.
Over the past week, as they cared for Noir together, their bond had deepened, and Isaac had grown more attached and accepting of her, eventually calling her "mommy" possibly without even realizing it himself.
Brielle gently patted Isaac's back, her movements awkward, not yet knowing the best way to hold a child, her heart aching with bittersweet feelings. She reflected on how King had raised Isaac on his own, under the impression that she had abandoned their child. The hardships he must have faced, she could only imagine.
Tears welled up in Brielle's eyes as King, sensing her emotional turmoil, looked down at her. "What's wrong? Noir's baby was born without a hitch, why the tears?"
"King, you've done so well raising our little cricket," Brielle said, her voice thick with emotion.
King stiffened, a wave of awkwardness washing over him as he averted his gaze. He had always feared how Brielle would react upon learning Isaac was alive, considering she had wanted to abandon the child. Maybe, in her eyes, the child was a stain, a shame.
But now, holding their child and
sincerely thanking him, King felt a
surge of pain and an urge to cry. Remembering the past made his
heart ache, yet the present felt set
precious, a stark contrast to what could have been without their misunderstandings. But as he held Brielle and Isaac close, he felt
content, reminding himself not to be
too greedy. 
He wanted to say something to Brielle but ended up just embracing her and Isaac tighter. Brielle, standing on her tiptoes, planted a kiss on his cheek.
"Let's put Isaac back in his room."
Together, they went upstairs to Isaac's room. Brielle intended to kiss Isaac goodnight, but King, seemingly impatient, scooped her into his arms. With a playful scold, Brielle tapped his shoulder. "You really are "
No sooner had they entered their bedroom than King captured her lips, his hands deftly removing her clothes. Brielle, caught in the moment, paused only when she saw him fetching another outfit from the closet. A mix of annoyance and
amusement filled her as King looked
at her eagerly. "Brielle, may I?"
It was hard to say no. Slipping into the white outfit complete with a faux fox tail, Brielle couldn't help but wonder where King found such things. Embarrassing, yet endearing.
King, breathless at the sight of her
on the bed, felt his heart stop. Her slender waist, fair skin, long hair, and flushed cheeks made her seem like a creature of myth. He pulled her close, but Brielle stopped his kiss with her hand, making him kiss her palm instead. 
"We need to agree on something. Three hours max, or next time I won't wear it," Brielle set her terms, her eyes locking with his.
King, barely holding himself together, nodded in agreement. "Little Canary, whatever you say, my love. Please, don't torture me anymore."
###Chapter 1388
King had a lot on his mind with the proposal looming, but he stuck to his word. When bedtime rolled around, he cuddled up and drifted off to sleep, just like he promised. Brielle was a bit surprised, ready for him to try and find a way out of it. But now, seeing him lying next to her, his arms wrapped around her, she felt her heart melt. The next morning, Brielle and Isaac went to check on Noir and her newborns. Neither dared to touch the tiny kittens, knowing their eyes hadn't even opened yet. Isaac was filled with wonder, especially when Noir nuzzled his fingers, clearly happy.
"Don't worry, little buddy. With Wesley whipping up all those tasty meals every day, Noir and her babies are going to be healthy and chubby."
Isaac clutched her sleeve, nodding enthusiastically.
The news of Noir's litter had Wesley over the moon. He was just looking for a way to channel his energy. He pampered the furry family with three different meals a day, ensuring they were comfortable and well-fed.
The next day, Brielle received a call from Mason about an online meeting. Her memory was almost fully back, so she promptly returned to her study and booted up her computer.
It had been a while since she had spoken to Mason, especially after the incident at Max's, which had left her in a rough state. She had only visited Mason once with King during that time.
Turning on her webcam, she was startled by the sight of the young man on the screen. In her memory, Mason and Ricardo had a similar vibe. The difference was that Mason seemed like a fresh college graduate, untouched by the harshness of the world.
In contrast, Ricardo, being an assassin, had a facade of cleanliness and brightness that felt odd at times. Brielle remembered thinking Mason was still a student during their first meeting.
Yet there he was, having set up his own studio outside of college. He was a boy of action, somewhat naive and inexperienced with the opposite sex. But now, the man on the screen was dressed sharply, his gaze carrying a certain heaviness, as if he had matured overnight.
"Brielle," he greeted.
It took her a moment to process that the person in front of her was indeed Mason, and she nodded slightly.
"Hi, I'm here. Anything new with the company?"
Mason was joined by other top executives of Unicorn, all looking quite serious and on edge. This made Brielle tense up as well.
"Mason, is something going on inside the company? You all look like you haven't slept well."
Especially Mason, who, despite appearing alert, had a noticeable redness around his eyes, a clear sign of excessive sleep deprivation.
"It's nothing. The company's
performance has doubled recently,
an
and we've caught the attention of the Wall Street Journal. They reached out to me yesterday interview. I was wondering if you'd be available." 
Brielle honestly didn't have the time to fly to North America for an interview. "You go on my behalf."
Mason nodded, then continued to discuss the company's
achievements over the past two months. Brielle was surprised. These were goals set for the entire year yet they were all accomplished in just two months? 
"Mason, after the meeting, you
should really get some rest. You et
look like you haven't slept properly in ages Money will always be there, but your health is priceless.
And considering Unicorn's growth, each partner, including Mason, had amassed a fortune. It puzzled her why Mason was pushing so hard to achieve so much so quickly. "I'm not tired. I just wanted to align with you on the next set of ives."
Since they had achieved so much ahead of schedule, without new goals, everyone might start to take it easy.
Brielle frowned, still worried after their conversation ended. She pulled out her phone and dialed Tiffanie Harkins.
There was a long pause before the call was answered.
"Hello, Brielle."
"Tiffanie, are you close to Mason? Can you check what's going on with the Unicorn executives? They all seem to be pushing themselves too hard."
Tiffanie's eyelashes fluttered, her hand gripping a wine glass.
"Sorry, I can't help you there. We broke up."
Brielle was stunned.
How could those two have split up?
###Chapter 1389
How could two such genuine souls ever part ways? But after those words left Tiffanie's lips, she hung up the phone. The room reeked of alcohol, with takeout containers strewn all over. Tossing her phone aside, Tiffanie flopped onto the couch. A loud banging at the door interrupted her moment of quiet.
"Tiffanie! You lowlife, come out!"
"You're as worthless as your mother, a ride everyone's taken!"
Tiffanie's brow furrowed, but she pretended like she didn't hear a thing.
The delivery guy, standing beside Everett, winced at the barrage of insults. Though he didn't understand the Australian dialect, he caught a few choice words, just as Aussies know some English ones.
He knocked on the door, and Tiffanie, thinking it was Everett again, got up and peeked through the peephole. It was the food she had ordered.
She opened the door, but Everett barged in from the side, going on a rampage, smashing things like a madman.
"You wretch! It's all your fault my son is ruined! You must have planned this all along. I won't let you off; I'll make sure you never find peace!"
The apartment was rented by Tiffanie, and she wasn't swimming in cash. Most of what she had was from Mason, which she had intended to return when she had the chance. But Mason had already cut off all forms of communication with her, leaving her completely out of his life. The money couldn't be returned.
With not much furniture left to begin with, Everett's rampage left the place in shambles, not a spot to rest. Tiffanie, holding her takeout, watched Everett.
After he had wrecked the place, his resentful gaze landed on her. He charged, grabbing her hair and slapping her hard across the face multiple times.
"Wretch! Can't even hear when you're being scolded, can you?! Maybe I should bring your worthless mother here and let her see what you've become. She'd be thrilled!"
Tiffanie's cheeks bore the clear
imprint of fingers, and blood trickled from the corner of her mouth. She licked the blood, then said, "Done yelling, Everett? You do this every day, doesn't it exhaust you?" 
Before she could finish, Everett, unable to hold back, slapped her again. "Wretch!"
The delivery guy, still at the door, witnessing this abuse, hurried forward to intervene.
Everett sneered, narrowing his eyes. "So, this is another man you've seduced? Tiffanie, you've really mastered your mother's tricks. If that's the case, stay away from my son, Mason!"
Tiffanie's stomach growled with
hunger, aching painfully. She hadn't eaten in two days, surviving on alcohol. Seeing her silent, Everett felt an infuriating sense of impotence, like punching a cushion. He grabbed the takeout from Tiffanie's hand and threw it to the ground, spilling its contents. 
The delivery guy moved to intervene but stopped as Everett roared.
He seized Tiffanie, noticing the bruises on her neck from his previous assaults. Like a beaten doll, no matter how he hit her, she wouldn't fight back, making it all the more unsatisfying.
"She's nothing but a cheap sellout, get lost! I'm going to set her straight today!"
Moreover, Tiffanie's wrist was
adorned with a bracelet Mason had
f.n
bought, beneath which were scars from self harm. In a fit of anger, Everett threw her to the ground
breaking the table into
Tiffanie glanced at the wreckage, quietly attempting to pick up the pieces, but Everett kicked the broken bracelet away.
"Are you that low? Fight back!"
###Chapter 1390
Tiffanie didn't say a word. She just glanced at the takeaway boxes scattered on the floor, her tone icy.
"Everett, have you lost your mind?"
Everett was shaking with anger, then let out a bitter laugh.
"Fine, if you won't leave North America, I'll keep bothering you. Let's see if you can handle it."
With that, Everett stormed out, leaving an eerie silence behind. The room reeked of alcohol mixed with the stale smell of takeout, making Tiffanie's stomach churn. She felt a sudden urge to get out, grabbed her jacket, and headed for the door. But her stomach was in knots.
She barely made it to the sidewalk before collapsing. When she woke up, she was in a hospital, surrounded by white.
She tried to speak but had no strength. Her wrists were bandaged, her cheek treated, and her neck showed signs of care.
Sitting up, she still felt a burning pain in her stomach. The door opened, and a dark-haired Australian doctor walked in, gloved hands at the ready.
"Tiffanie."
She didn't respond, the pain in her stomach like needles stabbing.
"If you keep this up, you could end up with stomach cancer. Eat properly and lay off the booze. This time it's a perforated ulcer. Lucky someone brought you in."
Tiffanie's face turned pale, her fingers clutching the bedsheet as nausea hit her. The doctor placed a trash bin in front of her and sighed at the sight of the scars on her wrists.
"Here's a card for our psychiatric department. You should see them, Tiffanie."
She tried to support herself but ended up dry heaving. She hadn't eaten in days, feeling weak and on the brink of death. But her face remained indifferent as she lay back down and closed her eyes.
Doctor Lewis noticed her reluctance to communicate and simply raised an eyebrow. Sometimes, when someone is set on self-destruction, there's little anyone can do. And from the looks of it, her depression was severe.
That night, Lewis's phone buzzed with messages. His college buddies were planning a dinner, and he shrugged off his white coat, agreeing to join.
"Mason's gonna be there too."
"His startup's been featured on Wall Street, and he's not even twenty-five. The last one to get that spotlight was Max, now the CEO of DreamTech Designs."
"Max was just nineteen when he hit the Wall Street radar. Mason's different, but so are we. His net worth's hitting the billions."
Hearing Mason's name reminded Lewis of a recent interview he had read. He left instructions for his assistant.
"Keep an eye on that patient for me. Have someone from psych come over. Severe depression, suicidal tendencies, multiple injuries, possibly domestic abuse. She needs special attention." "Dr. Lewis, heading out?"
"Yeah, college reunion."
Arriving at the venue, Mason was already there commanding the room yet remaining polite, joining in every toast. What was once a simple reunion had evolved into a networking event. Many were angling for a spot in Mason's unicorn, but he skillfully deflected them. 
Back in school, Lewis and Mason had crossed paths often, both part of the basketball team, dreaming big at seventeen. But Mason seemed different now, more reserved, with a powerful presence. Acknowledging each other with a nod, Lewis took a seat beside him. 
"Dr. Lewis."
"Dr. Lewis, heard about your recent award. Impressive. The research institute's been courting you, right?"
Lewis responded to the surrounding chatter.
"Yeah, starting at the institute next week."
"You and Mason, from the same basketball team to success in finance and medicine, enviable."
Indeed, many had achieved what most would consider success. But human nature's greed always yearns for higher ground, gradually losing sight of the initial passion.
Noticing Mason getting tipsy, Lewis gestured to the others to stop plying him with drinks. Mason, unfamiliar with most, was left in Lewis's care as the party wound down. Seeing Mason slumped on the couch, eyes closed, Lewis couldn't help but comment. 
"Just admitted someone with a perforated stomach this morning. You planning on joining them?"
###Chapter 1391
Mason slowly blinked his eyes open, the edges reddened from too much booze, and staggered as he tried to stand.
But then his phone rang-it was Brielle.
Lewis, ever the helpful friend, hit the answer button and held the phone to Mason's ear.
But Mason couldn't get a word out, so Lewis took the phone himself.
"Hey, Mason's at an alumni gathering and might've indulged a bit too much. Need something?"
It was noon for Brielle, and after her call with Tiffanie, she couldn't shake off a feeling of unease, especially knowing Mason wasn't himself. She had to call again.
"Hi, this is Brielle. Did he bring anyone with him?"
Lewis looked around-no sign of anyone else.
"Nope, he came alone."
"Could you make sure he gets home? He recently went through a breakup and might not be handling it well."
Lewis nodded; that was doable.
But Mason, with a girlfriend? In college, sure, girls were interested, but he was too buried in his data analysis to care. Now, drowning his sorrows over a breakup seemed out of character. After ending the call, Lewis turned off the phone and noticed a selfie on the screen.
In it, Mason was with a girl.
Lewis frowned; she was the patient from earlier that day, the one with the perforated stomach.
The two were close, heads touching, the girl puckering up for a kiss while Mason shyly leaned away, capturing the moment.
The sweetness of the photo sharply contrasted with the current reality.
Not knowing where Mason lived now, Lewis decided to take him to his own place.
After a shower, Lewis got a call from the hospital about a patient refusing to cooperate with the psychologist.
"Dr. Lewis, she's extremely resistant and even managed to get cigarettes from another patient an hour ago, burning scars into her hand."
Lewis sighed, familiar with patients wanting to give up, but this level of despair was new to him.
"Dr. Lewis, she's insisting on being discharged soon."
"But her injuries, her wrist, and the stomach issue, she needs to stay."
"She claims it doesn't hurt."
How could it not? She clearly didn't care about the pain.
If Tiffanie was the reason behind Mason's heartache, what exactly had they gone through?
But Lewis was an outsider, a doctor, unable to influence her choices.
"I understand, let her be. I've offered my advice; if she doesn't want help, there's little we can do."
The nurse had no choice but to watch Tiffanie leave the hospital alone, clutching her stomach.
Tiffanie aimed to return to her rented place only to find the doorway littered with trash and slanderous words scrawled in English.
The stench was unbearable, drawing complaints from neighbors and the landlord, who demanded she clean up and move out within a day.
Tiffanie couldn't help but laugh at
Everett's antics, knowing he'd donet
anything to keep Mason away from her, fearing a rekindled romance. 
Everett would never allow his son, whom he deemed too good, to be with someone he looked down upon. It was a stain he couldn't tolerate. Only Tiffanie's death or her leaving North America would ease Everett's mind.
Having endured humiliation from the Dorsey family all his life, Everett was determined not to let his son follow in his footsteps. With Mason on the verge of becoming a Wall Street sensation, a woman couldn't ruin everything. 
Thinking of the injustices he faced and a lost first love, Everett wished he could eliminate Tiffanie himself but refused to be tarnished by her existence. 
Driving her away through humiliation seemed the only way to make her leave willingly.
###Chapter 1392
Tiffanie quietly tidied up the trash by the door, then, dragging her little suitcase behind her, stepped out of the apartment complex. She had no idea where to go. Hotels were out of the question, and she definitely didn't feel like calling anyone.
She ended up on a park bench, setting her suitcase down and deciding this would do for the night.
But around five in the morning, she felt someone touching her leg. Jolting awake, she saw a homeless man standing beside her, his intentions clear as day.
Tiffanie kicked him away, disgust etched on her face. She grabbed her suitcase and started to leave, but the man trailed closely behind, trying to chat in broken English.
"Fifty bucks, one time, I'm in," he said, waving a crumpled flyer at her. Tiffanie glanced at it and saw her own photo.
She immediately knew who was behind this. Fifty bucks? Was that her worth now?
She laughed through her tears at the absurdity.
The homeless man mistook her laughter for agreement and grabbed her wrist, pulling her towards a nearby alley.
Tiffanie didn't put up a fight. Maybe this was how it was meant to be.
As she was shoved against a grimy wall, her mind went blank. Then, she heard hurried footsteps echoing down the alley.
Someone stepped out of the shadows and landed a punch on the homeless man, sending him sprawling.
Tiffanie, her clothes still intact, looked up in surprise to see Mason standing there, his eyes a mix of love, hate, and pain. The homeless man, groaning in pain, scrambled away.
Tiffanie smiled at Mason. "Well, fancy seeing you here, Mason."
For Mason, it felt like a thousand knives to the heart.
Why did love have to hurt so much?
What had he done wrong?
He grabbed Tiffanie's wrist, gripping it tightly.
Tiffanie greeted him with the same light smile as before, but her eyes were filled with deep fatigue.
Everything felt so mundane. Every event, every person, seemed dull.
Mason wanted to slap her. How could she stoop so low? Was any man okay for her now? Even a man off the streets? How could she change like this? 
Or maybe, she had always been this way, and he had never noticed.
To think he had considered this woman his first love-it was now his shame.
His grip tightened, but he couldn't let go.
He had just
intervie come from a high-profile
interview on Wall Street, hailed as a success story with his face on the front pages. 
And yet, here he was, in this old, dimly lit alley stinking of decay, entangled with a woman.
If his world represented success and cleanliness, then Tiffanie's world was nothing but filth and disgrace.
"Is anyone okay for you, Tiffanie?
it true that anyone will do?!" he
demanded, wanting to push hol ne
away in anger, but instead, he broke down in tears. 
Tiffanie saw his tears and felt a sting in her heart.
She forced a smile, not understanding why he had followed her.
"Mason, it was just a game to me," she said, each word a dagger.
It was all just a game. She had never loved him; it was merely for fun.
Always being toyed with by fate, it seemed not so bad to toy with fate in return, even for a moment.
She knew she had become another Everett, the person she found most ridiculous and despised the most.
###Chapter 1393
Mason froze, staring at her in disbelief. He'd known what her answer would be, but hearing it from her again was more than he could bear. Letting go of her wrist, he stumbled away, his retreat anything but graceful. Tiffanie stood motionless, not even thinking of following him. When his figure finally disappeared, she blinked, then collapsed to the ground, sobbing uncontrollably.
Mason kept walking until he reached his car, where Everett was lounging in the backseat, decked out in a sharp suit and eagerly watching the world go by.
"Son, are we heading to Unicorn Bar now? You sure you can get me a job there?"
"By the way, who did you see that made you jump out of the car like that? And where did you spend the night?"
"It couldn't have been Tiffanie's place, right? She's in the hospital, and you didn't drive anywhere near there."
Mason gripped the steering wheel, his eyes red as he stared straight ahead. "Alumni dinner."
Everett breathed a sigh of relief, a smile creeping onto his face. He'd swung by Tiffanie's place that morning and found out the landlord finally had enough of the mess and kicked her out. Now, she was who knew where. He had to make sure she didn't come back to bother Mason.
"Son, you know Brielle from Infinity Brilliance? I saw her number in your phone."
Everett still couldn't believe Brielle was the princess of Infinity Brilliance, even though the media had been all over it. The once invisible girl from the Dorsey family had somehow managed to glow so brightly.
If Brielle wasn't already spoken for, Everett would have pushed for her to consider Mason.
"Yeah, she's the main investor behind Unicorn Bar. Her initial funding got us off the ground, and she holds the majority of the shares."
Everett stiffened, then sighed in disappointment. What a missed opportunity. But it didn't matter. His son was capable enough without needing to latch onto the wealthy. They were becoming wealthy on their own terms.
Thinking about how well Mason had turned out, despite his own lack of contribution over the years, brought tears to Everett's eyes. "I'm living in your mother's old house now. It's nice. I talk to her every day."
Everett had never truly played the role of a father. The only legacy he left Mason's mother was his DNA. But now, he hoped to control everything about Mason, wanting him to shine brightly, unlike himself, who had his wings clipped by the Dorsey family. His son had to rise higher, so she could rest easy, knowing her sacrifices were not in vain. 
Everett's lips twitched into a smile, but then he spotted a familiar woman ahead, narrowing his eyes in suspicion. Was he seeing things? Why was Victoria in North America?
Damn it! How did that woman follow them here? The Dorsey family had collapsed, yet she dared to think she could keep him tied to her?
Years of being shackled to Victoria
by the Dorsey family had left him with deep scars and a twisted mindset, manifesting in his desire to demean the Dorsey family members to salvage his bruised ego. Tiffanie had always been an easy target for his venting, facing endless insults and slaps from the moment she could walk. Surviving this long was both her luck and misfortune. 
Seeing Victoria in North America set Everett on edge. He couldn't let her get close to Mason, or his son would learn of his father's past
humiliations under the Dorsey family's control, including his sexual
exploits. Such shame was
unbearable for any man.
###Chapter 1394
"Hey son, pull over for a sec, will ya? Got something I need to handle right now. I know how to get to Unicorn Corp., so I'll catch up with you later."
Mason didn't care what he was up to. These days, Everett was staying at his mom's place, living a life so simple it was almost dull.
Mason, on the other hand, was swamped. Barely had a moment to breathe, let alone catch up with Everett.
He pulled the car over to the curb, and as soon as Everett got out, Mason sped away.
Everett waited until Mason was out of sight before striding off, his face growing darker with each step.
"Victoria!"
Victoria, stumbling through the crowd, felt her throat tighten at the sound of that familiar voice. She almost turned around instantly, only to be met with a slap across the face. Clutching her cheek, she stared back defiantly.
"Everett, I finally found you. Isn't that great? Let's never be apart again, okay?"
Everett couldn't believe his eyes. After everything he'd done to humiliate her, why would she follow him all the way to North America?
Was she completely shameless?
"Victoria! Seriously, are you that desperate? Did you come here just to wreck my life? Get lost! Take your cheap daughter and beat it!"
Tears streamed down Victoria's face the moment she saw him. Years of enduring his abuse had numbed her to the pain. Instead, finding him brought her a twisted sense of joy.
She moved to embrace him, only to be roughly pushed away in disgust.
"Get lost, you tramp!"
Victoria hit the ground, tears rolling down her cheeks.
"Everett, please, don't leave me. I'm begging you. Can't we just start over?"
If there weren't so many people around, Everett would've kicked her right then and there, just like he wanted to do with Tiffanie, that other disgrace of a woman. Mother and daughter, two peas in a pod.
Just thinking about all those years
he spent suffocating under the
Dorsey family's thumb, and now. here was this snitch, groveling at his feet it gave him a twisted sense of satisfaction. en FindNovel
He smirked and walked away.
Victoria scrambled to her feet, pleading as she followed him.
"Everett, please, I can't live without you."
It was clear to anyone watching that Victoria was far from okay. Trapped in a nightmare named Everett, she had lost all sense of herself outside of him. She was a woman unhinged, and Everett was her poison and cure roffed into one. 
Everett kept walking until they reached a deserted street corner. Seeing Victoria still on his heels, he kicked her down. Victoria crumpled to the ground, clutching her stomach in agony.
Everett had been itching to do this for a while. He kicked her again and again, each blow releasing a torrent of pent-up frustration. Forget the Dorsey family, forget Michael-all those bastards could drop dead for all he cared. "Die, you wretch!"
Who would have thought that the once celebrated piano prince, serenading audiences under the moonlit sky, could turn so vile?
His face twisted in malice, resentment, and a sick sense of triumph as he kicked Victoria over and over, not holding back in the slightest.
Victoria's cries of pain filled the air,
but rather than stopping, Everett felt a rush of excitement, reminiscent of those times at the Dorsey estate
when he and Victoria would gang up on Tiffanie. 
It was the only joy he had found in the suffocating embrace of the Dorsey family, a brief respite from feeling like his fate was entirely in their hands.
"Please, Everett, stop... it hurts so much."
Victoria was sprawled on the ground, unable to move, her face smeared with blood.
Everett paused, noticing the blood on his shoes, and raised an eyebrow.
He couldn't let Mason see him like this.
###Chapter 1395
Everett felt a wave of relief wash over him after giving Victoria a beating. He glanced coldly at her crumpled form on the ground, snorted, and retraced his steps.
He still had to head over to Unicorn Corporation today. Mason, who was a big shot there now, could easily set him up with a respectable job.
Ever since the Dorsey family took control of his life, his social life had been in shambles. Every time he tried to catch up with friends, Victoria would blow up his phone, turning him into the butt of everyone's jokes. They all said he was Victoria's lapdog. The constant pressure made him fantasize about tearing Victoria apart. But that would spell trouble for him too, so he settled for leaving her half-dead.
Victoria lay curled up on the ground, too weak to get up but still staring at him.
"Don't go, Everett. Please don't leave me," she begged.
Everett didn't even bother to listen. He walked away with long strides.
When he arrived at Unicorn Corporation, he called Mason, who came down to meet him.
Mason was a familiar face around Unicorn Corporation, especially after his recent interview on Wall Street. The young women in the office blushed at the sight of him.
Everett felt quite pleased with this scene.
"Son, you're not getting any younger. If you like someone, you should go for it. All the execs your age are still single, and the competition is fierce. Now that you know Brielle, you have a direct line to some of North America's elite families. You could choose from the debutantes. That way, we can walk tall wherever we go."
The folks back in Beaconsfield, who mocked him for being Victoria's lapdog, would surely be shocked.
Just the thought brought Everett immense satisfaction.
But Mason only pressed the elevator close button with a detached air.
"I'm not interested in dating right now."
Everett breathed a sigh of relief. Anything was better than getting tangled up with someone like Tiffanie, which would have been his undoing.
Mason arranged a decent job for Everett with a high salary. Everett was quite satisfied, standing tall and proud.
But Mason wasn't interested in lingering. After setting everything up, he returned to his office.
Sitting at his desk, Mason glanced at his phone. Lewis had sent a message, asking how he was feeling.
Remembering the hassle he caused Lewis the night before, Mason invited him for dinner. Lewis raised an eyebrow but didn't decline.
After work, Mason grabbed his coat and headed out. Everett, curious, asked where he was going.
"To meet a friend," Mason replied, his patience thinning.
"Which friend? Son, you're in a different league now. You should avoid questionable company. One wrong move could ruin everything." Mason took a deep breath and explained, "A friend who's about to start research at an institute."
Hearing "research institute" eased Everett's mind.
"Alright then, go ahead."
Lately, Mason had been working overtime almost daily, surprising everyone at the company.
The other executives breathed a sigh of relief, rubbing their sore arms.
"Has Mason gone mad with all this overtime? We've hit our targets for the next six months. Even Mr. Haywood told him to take it easy during their last video call 
"He's working so hard, I feel guilty leaving early. My eyes are nearly blind from the strain. Thank goodness he's leaving on time today. I'm heading straight to bed." 
en FindNovel
"I'm off to sleep too. I feel like I'm floating."
The young executives, peers in age to Mason, rubbed their weary eyes and filed into the elevator, eager for some rest.
Meanwhile, Mason had arrived at the restaurant where he and Lewis had agreed to meet.
Lewis initially stood to offer a formal handshake but decided against it and remained seated. "Sorry for the trouble last night, Lewis."
Lewis smiled, "Is the overtime at the company that bad?"
Mason massaged his temples, "It's self-imposed. We've got a lot on our plate."
"You should drink less. Just yesterday, I treated a patient with a perforated stomach from drinking too much. She also had severe depression but refused to see a doctor. After dinner, I got a call from the hospital. Despite her condition, she checked herself out alone." 
Mason wasn't particularly interested in the patient Lewis mentioned, but out of courtesy, he responded.
"Doesn't she care about her life at all?"
###Chapter 1396
"Yeah, just a young girl, Tiffanie, I think that's her name. I tried to get her to see our hospital's psychologist, but she flat-out refused. I've been worried sick all day, but there's only so much I can do. Someone determined to self-destruct isn't something I can fix with my own
two hands.
Lewis seemed to be venting, but he noticed Mason's grip on his spoon tighten until his knuckles turned white.
"She has severe depression?"
"Uh, yeah. Her wrists are covered in scars from cutting. It must have been mild before, but now it's severe. I've never seen someone so desperate to die, so I made a note of her name. She's also dealing with domestic violence. She came in with a swollen face, a perforated stomach, and bruises all around her neck from being strangled. Not sure if it was her family who did it."
Mason's eyelashes fluttered down, his fingertips trembling.
Tiffanie didn't have much family in North America. When they were together, she didn't really have a job, just quietly waiting at home for him to return, or sometimes helping out at the Unicorn Café. They were practically inseparable.
Back then, she used to call Max "Maxie," but now there hadn't been any contact. Otherwise, it wouldn't have come to this.
After finishing his piece, Lewis didn't look at Mason but waved over a waiter to order.
"Mason, what's up? Trouble at the office? You seem out of sorts."
Mason didn't respond. During their meal, they reminisced about their days on the school basketball team.
Then Lewis got a call about some emergency surgery he had to perform.
"Sorry, gotta head back to the hospital."
Mason nodded, stayed put, finding the setting sun glaringly bright.
He shielded his eyes, feeling as if his feet had taken root, unsure of what to do next.
Severe depression?
How could Tiffanie have severe depression?
After learning about her identity, he had some folks in Beaconsfield dig into her past.
All he found was her spending money on this male star, on that male model, never a hint of unhappiness.
So what was all this about depression?
Mason found it almost laughable.
Even more ridiculous was how he felt affected by the news.
Never having suffered, so she resorts to claiming severe depression as an excuse. There are far more people in the world who have reasons to be depressed than her 
en FindNovel
She lived it up in Beaconsfield; no way she became severely depressed after coming to North America.
By now, even a homeless guy could make a move on her.
Had he not intervened, in that filthy, chaotic alley, she probably would have ended up beneath some dirty man like a dog. Mason closed his eyes, feeling nauseous at the thought, finding it absurd that this woman was his first love.
He took a deep breath, signaling himself to shake off these emotions, then grabbed his coat, deciding to head home.
He had bought a villa in North
America, but it felt too empty. Lately,
he'd been so buried in work, he
practically lived in his office's rest
area. 
BUMS
Back home, he tossed his coat aside and took a shower. By the time he came out, it was already dark.
Sitting at his computer, he
to check on some work stuff, but found himself unconsciously searching for symptoms of severe depression. 
What's it like for someone with severe depression?
Can severe depression be cured?
After searching through seven or eight queries, he realized what he was doing and quickly shut the browser.
Mason's fingertips trembled slightly as he felt both a headache and a sharp pain in his chest.
###Chapter 1397
Just as Mason was about to sink deeper into his thoughts, his phone buzzed with a call from Brielle. She had been there for him through thick and thin, silently observing his journey, especially during his time with Tiffanie. Back then, Brielle had kept some secrets to Now, as those memories resurfaced, her concern for Mason only deepened.
herself.
"Mason, you're not setting foot in the office for the next couple of days. Stay home and catch some sleep," she ordered.
"Cut the act. I've already called the other executives. You've barely been home lately. Handing over the reins of the company to you wasn't meant to be a death sentence. Take a three-day break, get some rest, then we'll talk," Brielle insisted.
Mason couldn't help but feel a bit helpless upon hearing this. "Brielle, I'm really okay."
Hearing this, Mason's eyes welled up with tears. The thought of slowing down only meant his mind would wander back to Tiffanie, something he desperately wanted to avoid.
After the call, Mason stared out the window, lost in thought, his mind plagued with a heavy heart. Who could have inflicted such wounds on her? Was it another man? His thoughts were a tangled mess, oscillating between disgust at himself for still caring about her and a gut-wrenching nausea whenever he remembered the homeless man.
Brielle, sensing his silence, felt a pang of sorrow herself. But she knew her place and chose not to overstep.
That night, Mason couldn't find sleep, and Tiffanie was in a similar state, aimlessly wandering the streets without a place to call home. She hadn't even bothered to look for one, simply dragging her suitcase behind her, resting only when exhaustion took over.
It had been ages since she last ate, her stomach aching, but she had grown numb to the pain. The endless stream of cars made her contemplate a quick end in the middle of the road, freeing her from having to decide where to go next.
A woman's cry caught her attention. Turning to find Victoria, her mother, in a pitiful state, sobbing on the ground, Tiffanie couldn't help but let out a laugh, which quickly turned into pain.
Victoria recognized Tiffanie and immediately demanded, "Call Everett, tell him to come see me."
This request took Tiffanie back to
her childhood, a time when she naively hoped Everett's presence would spare her from Victoria's wrath But the reality was far crueler; Victoria would only intensify her
для
beatings to please Everett
Now, discarded by Everett, Victoria sat there, while Tiffanie had walked a long path to this encounter. It dawned on Tiffanie that she and Victoria were not so different after all, both ensnared in a cycle of misery.
As Victoria persisted, "Have you
called him? Hurry up, Everett always
favored you," Tiffanie stood up, bought a dagger from a nearby. store, and abandoned her suitcase in a trash can. Victoria's presence was the final straw. 
Making her way to the alley closest to the house she once shared with Mason, Tiffanie intended to end her suffering there. However, she unexpectedly ran into Everett. His reaction to seeing her was one of disdain, as if she were a plague. 
"What are you doing here? Have you been stalking Mason?" Everett accused.
Tiffanie, too weak to argue, noticed Mason not far away, accompanied by a young woman she recognized from Unicorn Company, possibly there on business with Mason, a former classmate who had once written him a love letter. Before Mason could spot her, Everett dragged Tiffanie into a nearby corner.
"Are you that desperate? Haven't I told you to stay away from Mason?" Tiffanie's attempt to respond was cut short by a slap. As her head turned sharply, the pain blurred her vision.
"So, the bruises finally healed, and here you are, ready to disgrace yourself again," Everett sneered.
###Chapter 1398
Tiffanie was speechless, pinned up against the wall by Everett in one swift, forceful move.
"See that girl standing next to Mason? She's the one he's planning to date. I suggest you wise up and stay clear of us. Don't be a nuisance to everyone. If you really have nowhere to go, might as well drop dead!" Tiffanie hadn't eaten in days, her body weak and unable to summon any strength. She was completely immobilized against the wall.
Disgust was written all over Everett's face as he stared at her pale complexion.
"Tiffanie, maybe I should just have my way with you right now. Take a few pictures and show them to Mason. How do you think he'll feel seeing you after that? Like you're trash?"
The thought was insane, yet it crossed his mind with a wild frenzy.
Tiffanie's eyes widened in terror. She desperately wanted to back away, but the wall offered no escape.
Everett's eyes gleamed with a twisted excitement. Why hadn't he thought of this sooner? Defile her, and Mason would be repulsed. He could always claim Tiffanie seduced him, considering her reputation.
The once-revered pianist now harbored such vile thoughts. Years of being crushed by the Dorsey family had turned him into a demon.
"Let me go," Tiffanie managed to say, only to receive a slap across her cheek.
Blood trickled down from the corner of her mouth.
Too weak from hunger to fight back, she felt her pants being pulled down.
"Please, let go, Everett."
Hearing his name only fueled Everett's fervor.
Tiffanie's mind was blank with panic as she fumbled for her hidden dagger, but her strength failed, and the weapon fell to the ground.
Just a couple hundred meters away, Mason was discussing plans with a girl, his eyes wandering, feeling unsettled for reasons unknown. Where had Everett gone? Wasn't he just here?
"Mr. Mason, the car's almost here. That's the layout for this area. We'll start investing and operating soon."
Mason nodded, his attention returning to the data in his hands.
Meanwhile, Everett, lost in madness, ignored Tiffanie's muffled cries, not intending to stop.
As he unbuckled his belt, a searing pain exploded on his head.
Disbelief etched on his face as he turned
thereand saw Victoria standing et
there a bloody brick in hand. She stepped back in shock.
belongs to en.kikistot
She covered her mouth, spotted the dagger near Tiffanie, and quickly picked it up.
Tiffanie was already on the ground, curled up, fiercely protecting herself.
The blow had Everett struggling on the ground, attempting to rise and finish what he started. But Victoria, dagger in hand, lunged at Everett in a frenzy.
Tiffanie trembled, retreating further into the corner, hands over her ears, wishing the sound of the dagger piercing flesh would quiet down. 
"God, end this, please."
She couldn't cry, just curled up, watching Victoria straddle Everett, stabbing relentlessly.
The floor was soaked in blood, the dagger stained crimson.
Love deep, hate profound.
Victoria couldn't bear the thought of Everett with another woman,
ell her life.
Tiffanie, whom they had
"Die! Just die!"
Her rage was beyond control, her screams barely a whisper, as if something was choking her. Everett, already weakened by the brick, now received multiple stabs, his body finally succumbing. Victoria didn't stop, her face twisted in a grotesque smile.
"Why didn't you love me! Ah, why?!"
In the corner, Tiffanie kept her ears covered, her mouth open in a sharp, sorrowful cry.
The sound was poignant, like the last call of a beautiful but doomed songbird.
As Mason was about to board the car, that cry pierced him, his heart skipping a beat.
He looked around once more, then hurried towards the nearby corner.
###Chapter 1399
The woman hustling behind him was keeping up, not missing a beat. But when they both turned the corner, they froze, eyes widening at the grisly sight before them.
Mason's pupils contracted sharply as he recognized the figure sprawled on the ground-it was Everett. He darted forward, yanking the knife out of Victoria's grip in one swift motion. But she was beyond reason, feral without the blade, and sank her teeth into Everett's
cheek.
"Die! How dare you betray me! Die!"
In one swift move, Mason struck the back of Victoria's neck, knocking her out. He then turned his attention to Tiffanie, who was huddled in a corner, screaming and covering her ears. He ordered the woman behind him to call the cops and strode over to scoop Tiffanie into his arms.
"It's okay now, it's okay," he murmured, trying to soothe her.
Tiffanie fought with all her might, her nails broken and her fingers smeared with blood. Mason held her tight, feeling her whole body tremble, her legs kicking out, her eyes wide and unfocused, seeing nothing but the crimson splashes of blood in her mind. She couldn't string together a single sentence, only scream and struggle. When she finally exhausted herself, she passed out cold.
By the time the police and paramedics arrived, Everett was declared dead, and Victoria, already known to have mental health issues, was determined to have committed the act during a psychotic break. They decided to commit her.
Mason's mind was a mess. He couldn't wrap his head around how things had spiraled so far out of control. They ended up at the hospital where Lewis worked, and once again, it was Lewis who treated Tiffanie.
Her face was swollen, the marks on her neck even worse, and she seemed to have suffered more trauma. She was sweating and shivering, even in her sleep.
"Lewis, take a look," Mason's voice trembled. He dared not come any closer.
Tiffanie must have fought like hell. There was a long gash on her arm, and one of her fingers was broken, hanging limply. Just looking at it hurt.
Mason watched Lewis splint her broken finger and treat her wounds. He felt an itch in his throat, a craving for a cigarette, but remembered he was in a hospital where smoking was a no-go.
He couldn't forget that when he first carried Tiffanie in, her pants had been taken off. Who did that?
His hand trembled slightly at his side, his chest aching so much he could barely speak. Tiffanie, traumatized by everything, screamed in her sleep, covering her ears and curling into a ball on the bed. Mason stayed by her side for two nights until she finally woke up. Even then, she just sat on the bed, hugging her arms, flinching at the slightest touch, her eyes wide with terror.
After several failed attempts to calm her, Lewis decided to give her a sedative.
Mason hadn't slept for two days and
nights, his mind a chaotic mess. Lewis took one look at him and said, "I'll have bed brought in here for you. Get some rest. The sedative will help her sleep through the night. We don't want you passing out when she wakes up." 
Mason didn't respond, but even lying in the bed, sleep wouldn't come.
Were all of Tiffanie's injuries Everett's doing? Had it always been him? If she'd grown up in Beaconsfield all these years, what else had Everett done to her?
The thought of her pants being
removed filled Mason with a burning rage. But Everett was dead, killed by Victoria, who was now locked away in a psychiatric hospital. Their toxic mess had dragged innocent people down with them. 
Lying in bed, Mason couldn't hold back his tears. Why drag innocent people into their nightmare? What did Tiffanie ever do to deserve this? Her only mistake was being born to Victoria, and even that wasn't her choice. 
Lewis was about to enter to change Tiffanie's dressings when he heard Mason's muffled sobs. He paused, thought for a moment, and then stepped away, deciding to give them some space.
###Chapter 1400
Mason found himself crying, his eyes drifting to Tiffanie's wrists, marred by countless scars-some fresh, some faded each one a testament to her ongoing struggle. Her pain felt endless, etched into her skin. He quickly got out of bed, his fingers gently brushing over the scars.
Tiffanie stirred in her sleep, her brow furrowing as she muttered, trying to cover her ears as if to block out some invisible torment.
The sedatives had worn off.
Mason hit the call button, and soon Lewis walked in, tending to Tiffanie's wounds while speaking.
"Her depression is severe. The shock she's going through now will make her even more vulnerable. If you don't want to lose her, keep her close."
"Lewis, how do we fix this? I've looked everywhere, and everything says it's nearly impossible to fully heal."
Lewis stiffened, hearing the desperation in Mason's voice. Remembering the nurse's words about Mason's father still in the morgue, he sighed.
"It requires medication, but Tiffanie's not cooperative and she hates psychiatrists."
Mason fell silent, trying to imagine the horrors Tiffanie must have faced. With Everett and Victoria's madness looming over her childhood, it wasn't surprising she was struggling. Some wounds, he realized, might never heal, no matter how much love you pour into them. The room grew quiet until Tiffanie awoke, her eyes blankly staring at the ceiling, the confusion and fear fading to a profound emptiness.
Seeing this, Lewis quietly left, sensing they needed privacy.
Tiffanie's eyes wandered around the room, finally realizing she was in a hospital.
Mason hoped she would speak, but her eyes, lifeless like a doll's, just returned to the ceiling.
Mason's heart was heavy, burdened not only by Tiffanie's condition but also by the aftermath of Everett's death, his body still in the morgue.
The police had asked if he wanted to press charges, but what was the point? Victoria, lost in her madness and now confined to an asylum, had already paid the price.
Looking at Tiffanie, Mason felt a grim sense of solidarity. They were both parentless now, bound by their shared loss. But he couldn't be sure if she felt the same way or if he was alone in this.
He sat quietly by her side, the silence between them unbroken.
The hospital staff brought in a nutritional meal, including soup and some lean meat strips.
Mason helped Tiffanie sit up, offering her a spoonful of soup.
Tiffanie refused, the hospital injections dulling her hunger. Despite not eating for days and the burning pain in her stomach, she found a twisted solace in he suffering. 
en FindNovel
Mason's expression hardened, remembering Lewis's words about her drinking leading to a perforated stomach. He gently but firmly insisted she eat.
"Eat this; it's good for your stomach," he said softly but firmly.
But Tiffanie clenched her teeth, refusing to let the soup pass.
Mason's patience waned. He pried her mouth open, managing to get a spoonful of soup in.
Reluctantly, she opened her mouth, but instead of swallowing, she bent over and vomited into a trash can, her body rejecting even the small amount she had consumed. 
Mason, seeing her struggle, felt a surge of emotion, tears welling up in his eyes.
"Tiffanie, what are you doing to yourself?"
She didn't respond, simply wiping her mouth and rinsing with bottled water before lying back down, her face pale.
Taking a deep breath, Mason tried again, offering another spoonful of soup.
"You need to eat something, anything. Lewis mentioned your stomach issues when you were admitted; you haven't been eating properly."
The spoon hovered near her mouth, but she remained unresponsive.
Mason's frustration grew, a part of him wanting to force her to eat, to do anything to help her heal.
In a sudden move, Mason took the
soup into his own mouth, then
kissed her, pressing his tongue against hers, desperate to transfer the nourishment into her unwilling body. 
###Chapter 1401
sighed in relief, repeating the process a few more times until she had eaten half the bowl. He then set it aside.
Tiffanie Harkins felt the familiar urge to vomit, but Mason held her chin gently yet firmly, keeping her head steady. Her cheeks flushed a deep crimson, her eyes shimmering with unshed tears as she finally managed to swallow the spoonful of chicken noodle soup. Mason Tiffanie stayed silent, her fingers gripping the bed sheets so tightly her knuckles turned white. Her stomach was in knots, as if the room was still echoing with Everett's laughter, Victoria's screams, and a cacophony of accusations. These sounds swirled in her mind, threatening to drive her to madness.
Instinctively, she moved to cover her ears, but Mason caught her hands, sat beside her, and pulled her into a comforting embrace. "It's okay, don't be scared," he whispered.
Tiffanie didn't respond, but her hand reached down to feel her pants, which she remembered had been removed. Seeing them replaced made her face turn pale, and she bent over, feeling the urge to throw up again. But nothing came out, just the dry heaves of nausea. Mason rubbed her back, sensing her distress. "I changed them for you and gave you a bath. You were sweating a lot," he explained.
Tiffanie's eyes widened, but the explanation brought a slight relief to her unsettled stomach. She slowly leaned back against the wall, feeling as limp as a ragdoll. Just thinking about Everett lunging at her made her skin crawl. So disgusting, truly revolting. Mason continued to soothe her, likely piecing together what had happened. "Victoria's been sent to a psychiatric hospital, and my father... he didn't make it."
Tiffanie didn't say a word, the vivid image of Victoria stabbing Everett over and over again playing in her mind, the sound of the blade hitting bone hauntingly clear. She wanted to scream, but no sound came out.
Mason held her as if she were the most fragile treasure. Only then did Tiffanie's tears begin to fall, her hand clutching tightly at the corner of his shirt. Yet, her sorrow was silent, just quiet tears rolling down her cheeks.
Mason felt the dampness on his
back, the warmth searing straight to his heart. Once Tiffanie fell asleep, he called Brielle. He explained that due to all the overtime at work, he had set many new targets for the company that were still pending discussion. But now, he needed a month off to be by Tiffanie's side. Whether she decided to leave or stay was a question for later. 
Brielle, hearing his request, agreed without hesitation and urged him to take care of himself. After hanging up, Brielle turned to King.
King had been unusually busy, leaving early and returning late. When asked, he mentioned some issues on Jaired's end. Brielle, having some inkling of Jaired's secretive identity, didn't press further.
Then King suggested something unexpected: joining a reality show together. Sitting on the plush sofa at Premier Palace, Brielle thought she might be hearing things. "What did you say?"
"Little Canary, let's join that reality
show together," King said earnestly. "The one you suggested to Aubree Clements, the one Stellar Stage Entertainment is investing in. It's the hottest show right now. I want to see what being a celebrity feels like. Will you join me?" 
If it were Max Dorsey, he would never make such a request. Max was always discreet, shunning interviews with big outlets like Beaconsfield, and keeping his role in Dream Tech Designs a secret until it was leaked. But King was different, still a kid at heart.
"Little Canary, come on, I'm really bored at home. The Dorsey family's broke, and I've got nothing else to do," he pleaded.
Brielle shot him a knowing look. Before her memory returned, he had convinced her the Dorsey family was bankrupt and he was jobless. She had even thought about supporting him. Now, remembering the important details, she realized he'd been pulling her leg. King, realizing his slip, tried to charm his way out. "I just want to see what it's like to be a star."
Rationally, Brielle knew she shouldn't
indulge such whims, now that her
senses were fully restored. But lately, she sensed a subtle melancholy in King-feelings of loss, loneliness, and reluctance. Despite being by her side, why did he feel so alone? Reflecting on it, she realized he rarely asked for anything. Maybe it wouldn't hurt to agree just this once. 
###Chapter 1402
"King, I'll go have a word with the production team. It's the hottest reality show right now, and they've got their guest list pretty much locked in for each episode. If they've already picked someone, we might have to bide our time." Seeing her nod, King pulled her into a hug. "Alright."
Truth be told, he'd already sorted things out. The production team had planned to bring in two special guests, but one had fallen ill, leaving a perfect spot for King and Brielle.
Early the next morning, Brielle made her way to Stellar Stage Entertainment to pitch the idea. To her surprise, the production team agreed almost instantly. It was so quick she found it hard to believe.
The director shook her hand with a grin. "Mr. Haywood, it's settled then. Since the show is live, each guest will have their own streaming room, with tons of audience comments, so there's no room for editing. Since it's your and Mr. Dorsey's first go at a reality show, I should lay out the rules for you."
The live format was no accident; live streaming was all the rage. It had become a lifeline for many, with actors who couldn't land roles turning to live streams to sell stuff.
Riding the wave of live streaming's popularity, the production team saw an opportunity to spice things up with a bit of romance, giving the show's ratings a serious boost.
After a quick rundown of the rules for "Travel in Romance," which involved visiting various spots and earning their keep through games, the director issued a warning.
"With you two being in the spotlight, every move you make on camera will be magnified. We need to be careful, or any slip-up could have serious repercussions for Stellar Stage Entertainment's stock."
The director's initial excitement about having Brielle and Max on board soon turned to concern.
Brielle chuckled, "He's just looking to have a good time. Don't worry, we'll go with the flow."
The director seemed skeptical. Mr. Dorsey didn't exactly seem like the kind of guy who's just there for kicks. As for Brielle, owning an entertainment company, she probably wanted to get a feel for what audiences really like.
True to her reputation as the head of Stellar Stage Entertainment, her business smarts were top-notch.
With their participation confirmed, Brielle spent her time catching up on the show with King. The upcoming season promised fresh faces, and while three pairs had been revealed, the special guests' identities
remained a mystery, stirring online
buzz. 
"If anyone guesses the names of the two special guests, the production will reward them with a million dollars in cash."
Wow!
Even before filming kicked off, the show was already trending. Sitting on the couch, Brielle laughed at the director's clever move. "He's smart. No one's gonna guess it's us, so he gets to boost the show's buzz without spending a dime." King held her close, breathing in her scent with a soft smile. "Yeah, Brielle. Let's make sure to have a blast on the show."
She looked at him, a bit surprised,
"It's not like we can't have fun later. If you really get into reality shows, Stellar Stage Entertainment could always back a few more. We don't have to worry about profits, as long as you're enjoying yourself 
She never thought she'd be the type to splash out for a friend.
King felt a bittersweet ache. How could he bear to leave? He sighed, holding her tighter.
Lately, he had been feeling off, likely due to the medication. Originally, his mental strength was weaker than Max's, and with Max being the main personality, he appeared more often. After the accident, Max, worn out, had taken a backseat, giving King his chance. 
Now, with a cure in sight to rid Max of his past traumas, Max's mental state was set to return to its peak, potentially sidelining King, who'd already been brought to light.
###Chapter 1403
Walking hand in hand with Brielle, surrounded by so many people, he felt a kind of happiness that was entirely new to him.
In the past, he had this urge to keep Brielle all to himself, hidden away from the world so she'd have no choice but to rely on him. But now, something inside him was shifting.
Initially, it was the fear that she might slip away that drove his actions. But now, understanding her heart, he wanted to tell the whole world they were in love, destined to become husband and wife!
A small smile tugged at his lips.
In the past few days, Brielle had been joining Isaac to look after their little furballs. Isaac was always on high alert, rushing to Brielle for even the slightest hint of action from the little ones. Brielle enjoyed every moment of it, and the two of them would head out to check on the babies more than a dozen times a day.
Finally, it was time for the new season of the reality show to kick off.
The crew assigned to film King and Brielle were feeling the heat, eager to keep things as authentic as possible. They planned to start filming at each guest's home, making it easier for the audience to connect with them.
The other three celebrity couples had their film crews rolling, each drawing in millions of viewers.
But the buzz around the guest star was massive, with a jaw-dropping thirty million viewers tuning in, all thanks to the production team's clever teasing. Everyone was itching to find out who it was. ""Could it be Aubree?"
"With so much on the line, it must be a big international name. Aubree's popular, sure, but her global fame isn't quite there, unless she's in a big Hollywood movie."
"If not her, then who? Keiran?"
The chat was a flurry of speculation, but when the camera panned to a towering gate, everyone was left speechless.
"This place screams money!"
As the crew's car made its way to the main house, the excitement among viewers hit a fever pitch.
""Is that Max's Premier Palace?!"
"No way, seriously?"
"Guys, why would Max do a reality show? He's the CEO of DreamTech Designs, and he's practically royalty."
"If it's Max, I swear I'll eat my keyboard live!"
When the opulent door swung open, the man standing there left everyone in awe.
It was Max, casually dressed in a white shirt and black pants, looking refreshingly youthful. His skin was flawless, not a pore visible, even with the camera zoomed in.
"I almost passed out from how handsome he is!"
"Is Mr. Dorsey... wearing an apron?"
"What"
For a moment, the chat fell silent before erupting with excitement.
Could someone as high-profile as Max really be cooking?
To the world, the man was Max, but in reality, he was King. No one knew about his dual identity.
The crew, a bit sheepish, even covered the camera briefly to ask quietly.
"Mr. Dorsey, is it okay to film inside your home?"
King, sporting a floral apron, nodded.
"Just avoid upstairs; Brielle is still asleep. Let's not disturb her."
The crew, beside themselves with excitement, knew they didn't even need footage of Mr. Haywood. Just showing Mr. Dorsey cooking was enough to send their ratings through the roof!
As expected, viewers were
clamoring for more of Max, and the
viewership soared to a
elinet
record-breaking seventy million. Meanwhile, the other celebrity streams saw a sharp drop, leaving only a fraction of their audience. 
Jiang Yu, seeing her viewer numbers nosedive, could hardly believe it.
Her face darkened as she cautiously asked her viewers, "Is it Aubree?"
Everyone knew Jiang Yu and Aubree had their differences, having vied for the same movie role, which ultimately went to Aubree. Jiang Yu never quite accepted it, believing Aubree's connections helped her snag the role, being a Clements and aff. 
But right now, her chat was deserted, everyone glued to King's cooking show.
It was a once-in-a-lifetime scene!
Jiang Yu's expression soured, but she forced a smile for the camera.
Meanwhile, Aubree, also watching the live streams, caught Jiang Yu's broadcast and messaged Brielle.
"Watch out for this season's
actresses, especially a woman
named Jiang Yu. She's been pushed by a director before and is known for doing whatever it takes to get a role. She even tried to seduce Andrew on a previous set but didn't succeed. Just be careful." 
###Chapter 1404
When Brielle got the message, she'd just finished getting ready for the day. She raised an eyebrow, pondering. By now, the entire internet must be buzzing about her and King. Surely, this Jiang Yu can't be so out of the loop to not know what's up.
Being a celebrity herself, she'd know who I am, right? Oh, Bri, you'd be surprised. No matter who you are, there's always someone who thinks they're charming enough to sweep you off your feet.
Brielle didn't lose any sleep over it, nor did she expect the film crew to roll in so early. After all, it was only 6:30 in the morning.
Downstairs, King was on a roll with his new hobby-cooking steak, a pretty straightforward breakfast. He'd also fried up a couple of eggs, keeping a close eye to make sure everything turned out perfectly. The live stream viewers were cheering him on, though there were a few skeptics.
"Do you guys really buy that a big-shot like him would make breakfast for a woman? Must be all for show."
But most were singing his praises.
"Those lashes, oh wow, and that profile is just flawless."
"Now I see what they mean by a guy being handsome from every angle!"
When Brielle walked down, she was greeted by several unfamiliar faces in the living room, and the camera swung to capture her surprise.
"Ha, did Mr. Haywood not know the crew was coming today?"
"Look at her face; she's definitely caught off guard."
"She's so stunning, even without makeup! Her beauty is off the charts!"
Glancing down at herself, Brielle felt relieved she wasn't in pajamas, at least she was presentable.
Just then, King brought over two plates of steak, calling out, "Brielle, come and eat."
She quickly joined him at the table.
King, with utensils in hand, carefully sliced her steak before sliding the plate over to her. Everything felt so natural, like they were an old married couple, no words needed.
After taking a bite, King, a bit nervous, sat across from her. "How is it? Too tough?"
"Delicious," she smiled, and his face lit up as he nudged a glass of milk her way.
"I heard the others have already left. You got up late; we're probably the last ones to get going."
Brielle, sipping her milk, nearly choked at this news.
King quickly patted her back, teasing, "Take it easy, why the rush?"
"Why didn't you wake me earlier?"
"I figured you were tired from last night," he mumbled, hinting at their late night.
Brielle's cheeks turned crimson, whispering, "Remember, we're live. Save that chat for later."
But she forgot about the mic clipped to King's shirt, broadcasting every word to their audience. King had also overlooked the mic, especially after the crew had just adjusted his collar earlier. "Okay, I'll keep it down," he whispered.
Brielle nodded, shooting him a playful glare.
"Knowing the crew was coming, why keep me up so late?"
"Sorry, didn't I make you steak this morning? Forgive me, will ya?"
The live stream audience went silent.
"They've totally forgotten they're mic'd up, haven't they?"
"Nobody tell them, please, I'm here for this sweetness!"
"So, what was Mr. Dorsey up to last night? They're so adorably sweet in private!"
Viewer numbers shot past a hundred million!
The platform's servers buckled under the sudden load, scrambling to get back online.
After a brief lag, the stream resumed.
Brielle continued her meal, glancing at the camera, then reminded King.
"Once we're in the car, keep your
hands to yourself. This is live, andet
the director made it clear we can't edit anything out." 
"I got it."
"If you cross the line, I'll be really mad, and you won't touch me for a week."
of the
Backen mics, saw the viewer count hit two hundred on
the director, now aware
Throwing caution to the wind, he decided.
swnovne
"Don't remind Mr. Dorsey! To hell
with it! Even if it costs me my
I'm
in reality TV history!" Chip
amming for the highest viewership
The crew gave him a thumbs-up.
What a way to make history.
###Chapter 1405
In the middle of the live stream everyone was glued to, the production team cheekily flashed a line on the screen:
"Mr. Dorsey has forgotten he's still mic'd up."
The viewers lost their minds.
"Don't anyone dare remind him! Hank, if you keep this under wraps, I'll become your biggest fan and throw all my money at your shows!"
"Stay quiet, and you're my hero!"
"Let's pitch in for a new gig for Hank. We're here for the whole ride this time!"
Meanwhile, Brielle and King were blissfully unaware of the online frenzy. After finishing her meal, King reached over with a napkin to wipe the corners of Brielle's mouth. Brielle gave him a look.
"Try not to be so cozy, I can handle it."
"Oh."
King complied, unusually obedient, instinctively starting to tidy up.
Brielle spoke up again.
"Let someone else handle that. The crew has waited long enough. Didn't you say the other groups have already left? Let's get moving."
King nodded again and put down the dishes.
The viewers went even crazier.
"OMG! Is Mr. Dorsey always this well-behaved off-camera?!"
"A bossy CEO in public but a soft puppy in private?!"
"I'm living for this! Hank knows exactly what we want. Hank, you're our godsend, the master of spreading sweetness."
"Some folks just don't get it. Why call him Hank? Makes him sound old. Call him Big H."
And so, amid the chants for Big H, Hank decided not to clue King in about the still-live mic.
The camera continued following Brielle, who had now hopped into a vehicle driven by a crew member, giving the audience a close-up. Brielle smiled at the camera, leaning in to ask,
"Have you all eaten yet? It's my first
time
an on a reality show, so if there's
We're
off, please forgive me
just here to have 3
As the camera zoomed in on Brielle,
the online audience erupted with excitement.
fun."
"Is she always this stunning without makeup? I've never noticed before!"
"Why do you think Max chose her?"
"Is that nose and those eyes even real? Unbelievable!"
Ever polite, Brielle leaned into the camera for a moment, asked a few questions, then smiled and returned to her seat.
The camera occasionally showed them and the scenery outside.
Four hours later, they arrived at a remote countryside village.
The houses here had been rented out, and they were told they'd have to choose farm work for the day
based on their arrival order. No work, no dinner, and they'd need to use their earned labor points to trade with the crew for essentials. 
Besides King, there were three other male celebrities. Their names were placed into a box, and the four female guests would each draw a name to decide who they'd partner with for the day. 
Upon hearing the rules, King instinctively looked at Brielle, leaning in to whisper,
"I'll have the crew slip my name to you. Just reach into the box and pretend to draw, and we'll still be a team."
His words, clearly captured by his mic, were broadcasted to all the viewers.
"I'm dead. Mr. Dorsey knows how to play the game."
"I'm convinced now. He really doesn't know he's still mic'd."
"I can't even right now. My jaw's stuck open!"
Brielle, hearing King's suggestion, glanced at him and chuckled.
"Isn't that cheating?"
"Brielle, we're the bosses here."
The online audience was in stitches.
###Chapter 1406
Backstage, the production team, keeping a close eye on all the screens, couldn't help but chuckle at King's remarks. They even added a shiny golden crown over King's image on the live stream, with the words "The Boss" glowing brightly above his head. Brielle looked up at King and shook her head. "It's just a bit of farm work, being apart for a bit won't hurt. The show's all about creating drama; they won't keep the favorite pairs apart for long. These short separations are just to catch those jealousy moments on camera." Audiences love a good spectacle, that's what keeps the ratings soaring.
The crew then tagged Brielle with the title "Wisdom Bearer" above her head.
King's expression darkened, about to respond, when a clear, excited female voice broke through, "Oh! I drew Mr. Dorsey!"
He narrowed his eyes, quickly turning towards the voice. It was actress Jiang Yu, her cheeks flushed with excitement.
Oh boy, that's Max! If she could get close to him, her future would be set.
Jiang Yu hurried over to King, her eyes sparkling with excitement. "Mr. Dorsey, I'm looking forward to working with you," she said, extending her hand toward him.
King frowned, instinctively glancing at the draw box. Had he really been picked this quickly? He wasn't fond of handshakes, especially with women, and especially not on live TV.
Jiang Yu didn't even glance at Brielle, her focus entirely on King.
Normally, as the head of Stellar Stage Entertainment, Jiang Yu should have shown Brielle some respect. But Jiang Yu was convinced that Brielle didn't have the chops to run a company; it had to be Max pulling the strings all along.
As for the positive buzz about Brielle online, Jiang Yu figured it was probably just her own PR, all smoke and mirrors.
Familiar with such tactics, she ignored her male partner and focused solely on King. As he extended his hand, she grabbed it firmly, unwilling to let go.
"Mr. Dorsey, I've long admired you."
King intended a brief handshake, but Jiang Yu clung tightly, resisting even his subtle attempts to pull away. His eyes narrowed, his aura suddenly intensifying, prompting Jiang Yu to reluctantly release him.
The audience picked up on the awkward vibe.
"Did Jiang Yu really hold onto Mr. Dorsey just now?"
"No way, Brielle's right there. How could she be so clueless?"
"Jiang Yu's just young, probably doesn't know she should defer to the boss. Let's cut her some slack. We've watched her grow; she's always been straightforward 
en FindNovel
"Exactly, she's only twenty, still figuring things out. It's normal."
Not even twenty and already a sensation, with twenty million Twitter followers, Jiang Yu was certainly getting ahead of herself.
Her fans quickly filled the chat with jokes and comments, so the incident was brushed off.
Brielle was then called to draw a name, and she picked Samuel, Jiang Yu's co-star, a rising star who had recently played a devoted character who dies for the female lead in a drama. Fans hoped to see more interactions between the two to make up for the on-screen tragedy. 
Samuel was nervous about being drawn by Brielle since he was under contract with Stellar Stage Entertainment.
"Mr. Haywood," he stammered, his hands glued to his sides as if he wanted to salute.
Among those present, Samuel had the fewest followers, not even reaching five million.
The audience, initially annoyed, found humor in Samuel's stiff posture.
"Haha, looks like a kid caught slacking off by the boss."
"Or a student punished to stand by the teacher."
"He's standing so straight, help, haha, is he that scared of Brielle?"
"After all, Brielle is Samuel's top boss. Didn't he just sign with Stellar Stage Entertainment?"
Brielle, noticing Samuel's nerves, reassured him, "No need to be scared, just be yourself."
Samuel hadn't had the chance to meet Brielle in person at Stellar Stage Entertainment and didn't expect to meet her on a reality show.
With no significant background in
the entertainment industry and
having been oppressed in drama crews before, playing unlikable roles without a talent agency's backing, he was careful not to step out of line
that he had just signed with Stellar Stage Entertainment. 
"I understand, Mr. Haywood."
Brielle couldn't help but laugh, seeing how jittery he was, and glanced at King. Jiang Yu was practically trying to meld into King's side, eager to stay close.
###Chapter 1407
"Hey, Mr. Dorsey, have you and Ms. Brielle been an item for a while now? Her makeup is seriously on point! Unlike me I just threw on some lipstick in a rush today, haha."
Jiang Yu was a refreshing presence in the entertainment world, known for her straightforward and naive charm. But her comment stirred up some drama in the live stream chat. "I was just about to say, Jiang Yu is definitely stirring the pot here."
"Seriously, Mr. Haywood doesn't even wear makeup, while she's got fake lashes and claims she's all natural. Do they think we're blind?"
Standing close to King, Jiang Yu kept talking.
"You know, when couples are together for a long time, things might get a bit dull. A little change, some breathing room, could be good. Mr. Haywood seems pretty serious, probably not the fun-loving type." Her implication was clear-Brielle's serious demeanor seemed too plain and boring. Mr. Dorsey, why not explore other options?
Jiang Yu's eyes sparkled, but King was clearly unfazed, his gaze locked on Brielle.
Brielle was chatting with Samuel, trying to ease his nerves.
King slowly approached and gently pulled her aside.
"Brielle, really not reconsidering?"
His tone was almost pleading.
The live stream audience went wild.
"I'm glued to this live chat today! Don't interrupt me! I'm living for this moment!"
"How does Brielle even resist Mr. Dorsey? If it were me, I'd give him the stars if he asked!"
"Brielle's got the patience of a saint."
Unaware that King was mic'd up, Brielle comforted him.
"Don't worry, by dinner, the crew will have us working together. Pick something easy, like farm work."
King frowned, casting a sideways glance at Samuel.
"Just... don't talk to him too much."
"Alright, alright."
"And don't smile at him."
"Okay, okay."
The live stream was cracking up.
Then, King's phone rang with a call about DreamTech Designs. Instantly, his demeanor shifted from soft boyfriend to commanding Mr. Dorsey, issuing precise instructions.
After the call, his eyes softened as he looked at Brielle again.
"So, any reward for me later?"
The live stream audience perked up, imaginations running wild.
Brielle gave King a playful look, quickly checking their surroundings before whispering something to him.
But before she could finish, Jiang Yu interrupted.
"Mr. Haywood, don't you want to
wear a mic like Mr. Dorsey? It lets the live audience hear us, and noticed you don't have one. But Mr. Dorsey's been mic'd this whole time." 
en FindNovel
Jiang Yu was clearly fishing for conversation, but her reminder
made Brielle notice the clip on King's collar, which she had mistaken for a decoration. So, their entire conversation had been overlord? 
The live stream audience, eager to hear Brielle's response to King, felt let down by Jiang Yu's interruption.
"Is Jiang Yu trying to stick to Mr. Dorsey?"
"Did she forget Samuel's her partner, leaving him awkwardly alone?"
"Can someone make Jiang Yu disappear, please?"
But Jiang Yu, oblivious to the live chat's reactions, was eager to pull Brielle away, leaving Samuel to help her with the microphone. It was a blatant attempt to pair up Samuel and Brielle. 
###Chapter 1408
The live stream was already in full swing when Samuel's name was called, and his face flushed with embarrassment. Mic up Brielle? That was a bit too close for comfort. Brielle was the boss, after all, and the act of fitting her with a microphone was a tad too personal. If she took it the wrong way, working at Stellar Stage Entertainment could become a nightmare. Though, to be fair, Brielle wasn't the type to hold grudges.
Right after Jiang Yu finished speaking, she casually strolled over to King, trying to link arms with him. But King was ahead of the game, accepting a microphone from the crew and fitting it on Brielle himself.
Brielle could tell he wasn't in the best mood, but with the live audience watching, she couldn't just coax him openly. That would be super awkward, especially since he was the CEO.
The live chat was buzzing, not just with King's reaction, but also with the viewers' reactions to Jiang Yu's antics.
"Seriously, the rest of the crew is just faking it, pretending to be couples. Mr. Haywood and Mr. Dorsey are the real deal, and here Jiang Yu is, trying to set Mr. Haywood up with someone else. Unreal."
"I'm literally about to lose it. How can someone be so annoying? Just thinking about it gives me a headache."
"Mr. Dorsey and Mr. Haywood are so composed, dealing with this without losing their cool."
With the chat room buzzing with controversy, this season of the show had quickly become the talk of the town right from the start.
Teams had already been drawn, and with everyone watching, there was no changing them. Brielle ended up on the same team as Samuel.
The crew then had everyone pick a farm task to earn tokens, which they could trade for dinner ingredients.
For Samuel, appearing on this reality show was a golden opportunity to get noticed. Having just signed with Stellar Stage Entertainment and without much to his name, being part of "Travel in Romance," backed by his new agency, felt like a stroke of luck. Even before the season aired, Jiang Yu's fans had started bashing him, insisting he wasn't good enough for her.
So, standing in front of Brielle, Samuel was genuinely nervous, softly asking, "Mr. Haywood, which task would you prefer?"
The options were slim: picking oranges, fishing, clearing overgrown fields, fetching water, or helping sell veggies at the market.
Clearing the field seemed the
toughest given the need to shovel up rotten stalks. Fetching water, however, was perfect for a team effort, allowing a guy to show a bit of gallantry. 
Brielle picked up a basket and handed one to Samuel. "Let's go pick some oranges," she decided.
The rural outskirts chosen for the
show weren' deserted but part of a government demonstration area, popular, with city folks looking fora getaway. This location was picked to highlight the area, with Beaconsfield's oranges being a big attraction. 
Relieved, Samuel quickly followed her lead.
OV
Brielle noticed King had chosen fishing, wondering if he'd be as good at it as he was at handling boardroom sharks.
Their eyes met, and Brielle gave him a smile, making King wish he could ditch his fishing rod and join her in the orange grove. Fishing? He couldn't care less right now!
Feeling King's icy stare, Samuel couldn't help but shiver, as if a guillotine hung over him.
King, clutching his fishing rod, wished he could snap it in two. He longed to be with Brielle, but Jiang Yu was there, as usual.
"Mr. Dorsey, you must be a great
fisherman. It's a real privilege to fish with you. Shall we head to the pond?" Jiang Yu said, reaching for King's sleeve, but he smoothly sidestepped, not letting her touch even a thread of his shirt. 
Back in the chat, viewers were cracking up.
"How can someone be so clueless?"
"Say what you will about Mr. Dorsey, but the man does have some standards."
"Just the sight of Jiang Yu irritates me. I wonder what she'll do next!"
###Chapter 1409
Jules was doing her best to keep up with King, hanging on his every word and action like he was the most fascinating person on Earth. If King tossed even a tiny bait into the water, she'd be right there, showering him with praise as if he'd just discovered electricity. However, the fish were far from impressed by Jules's gushing, darting away at the last moment each time she spoke up. This happened not once, not twice, but three times. Yet, Jules didn't seem to realize she might be a bit intrusive, eagerly peppering him with questions about relationships. "Mr. Haywood and Samuel seem to get along great. It looks like she really takes care of him. When Mr. Haywood is with you, Mr. Dorsey, do you guys have interesting things to chat about?"
"I heard Mr. Haywood was quite a big shot in the welfare world ages ago. You two must have some generational differences, right?"
"It seems her main talent is being book smart, only recently recognized by the Lynch family. Before that, she was just like the rest of us."
In just three sentences, Jules managed to undermine all of Brielle's impressive traits.
"Have you had enough?" King asked, his voice calm but with a weight in his gaze that made Jules feel like she couldn't meet his eyes. She shifted uncomfortably.
"What's wrong? Did I say something wrong?"
King chuckled lightly and tossed his fishing line back out. "Just like the rest of us? Were you always at the top of your class? Did you get into Beaconsfield College as a valedictorian and keep that up? Is that what you mean by 'just like us'?" Jules's face turned crimson at his question.
"Which school did you graduate from? Let's see if you're in the same league."
Jules hadn't even finished middle school and had been working since she was young, completely unaware of how tough it was to maintain academic excellence. King's words were sharp and left her speechless, tears of frustration welling up. Who's to say those top grades weren't the result of cheating?
Meanwhile, the live stream audience was equally riled up.
"Mr. Dorsey really cares for Brielle. Jules was being a nuisance, and he didn't react until she started belittling Brielle. That's when he got angry."
"My blood pressure just went up. How can someone be so oblivious?"
"I remember before Brielle was
acknowledged by the Lynch family,
Beaconsfield College was already
vel
behind her. She must be extraordinary. How dare Jules compare Brielle to an average Joe? That totally dismisses all her hard work. It's disgusting." 
But Jules had her supporters too, claiming the criticism was too harsh for someone not even twenty, and that Max's reaction was out of line. The live chat exploded with opinions, turning into a lively debate. 
Unaware of the online chaos, Brielle had arrived at the orange grove, her eyes lighting up at the sight of the ripe fruit. It was a new and exciting experience for her. Samuel, too anxious to let her do the work, quickly stepped in.
"Mr. Haywood, let me take care of this. You should rest."
Brielle, amused by his clumsy eagerness, set her basket down. "No worries, Samuel, I think it's pretty fun."
Together, they picked a good
amount, and as Brielle tried to carry it back, Samuel, worried the weight might trip her up, had her back. Their cheerful teamwork was captured by the camera crew, filling the live stream with a warm vibe, much appreciated by Samuel's fans. 
"Brielle is so down-to-earth, but our dear Samuel is way too nervous, LOL."
"Am I the only one who didn't realize how handsome Samuel is?"
"I bet the orange Brielle's holding is for Mr. Dorsey."
Sure enough, the camera zoomed in on Brielle holding the most perfect orange, causing the audience to collectively swoon.
###Chapter 1410
Back at the meeting spot, Brielle dropped her backpack and noticed King hadn't shown up yet. Just as she was about to check out the fishing area, she caught sight of Samuel's hand bleeding out of the corner of her eye. "What happened?" she exclaimed, startled.
No wonder her backpack had felt so light; had Samuel been helping her carry the weight all along? She couldn't help but find the situation both amusing and endearing.
A bit sheepish, Samuel confessed he'd been pricked by a thorn on the backpack, causing his hand to bleed. It was just a small cut, nothing serious.
"Mr. Haywood, I'm fine, really. I can take care of it myself," he insisted, eager to prevent any misunderstandings with King.
Brielle gestured for him to sit and took a closer look at the thorn's mark. "We need to get this out, or it'll keep bothering you. Just hang tight for a sec." Samuel nodded; he was tough, and this pain was nothing for him.
As Brielle was tending to Samuel, King arrived with a bucket of water, setting it down with a bit of a clatter that startled Samuel into jumping up.
"I'm okay, Mr. Haywood, really! It doesn't hurt!" he blurted, quickly trying to keep his distance, much to Brielle's amusement.
Turning to King, she noticed his expression darken just as Jiang Yu arrived, her face sour but clearly ready to stir the pot.
"How was hanging out with Mr. Haywood, Samuel? Any sparks flying yet?" Jiang Yu teased with a laugh. "Mr. Haywood's a good guy, right? Didn't give you a hard time? What's with your hand? You guys were pretty cozy; did you get hurt for him?" She emphasized the last part, trying to provoke.
King's mood soured at the suggestion of Brielle getting hurt for another man. His eyes narrowed until Brielle suddenly presented him with a perfect orange.
"This one's the best of the bunch," she grinned.
King's scowl vanished, replaced by a smile as he took the orange, weighing it in his hand. The audience, expecting drama, was surprised by how quickly the mood shifted with just one piece of fruit.
"Is it just me, or does Mr. Dorsey seem to lose his edge around Mr. Haywood?" someone wondered.
"Was he some kind of mood magician in a past life?"
"I love this! Can we get more scenes like this? I'm hooked!"
Jiang Yu, seeing King easily appeased, flushed with irritation. Why didn't she ever get such a reaction from him? Had Brielle bewitched him somehow?
She scoffed, unable to resist a jab.
"Mr. Haywood, you seem pretty skilled at handling men. Both Mr. Dorsey and Samuel seem taken with
you. Maybe you could teach me so I can fit in better around here. 
Her lack of tact was glaringly obvious.
sw nove
Brielle frowned at Jiang Yu, realizing that previous warnings hadn't made an impression.
King's mood darkened again, and the production crew, fearing a blow-up, quickly intervened to tally the scores.
Brielle earned three points for thirty pounds of oranges, and Samuel got seven points for carrying seventy pounds. "Mr. Dorsey, fifty points," the staff announced.
Curious, Brielle checked King's
bucket and found it brimming with fish. Back in North America, after dealing with tough situations, he often relaxed by fishing, making it second nature to him. 
"Impressive," she couldn't help but say, and King's grin widened.
"We can trade these for quite a bit. What do you want for dinner? I'll cook," he offered, oddly fixated on the kitchen lately.
Just as Brielle was about to answer, someone asked Jiang Yu, "Why didn't you catch any fish?"
Jiang Yu glanced at King, trying to
be coy, "Mr. Dorsey, with all those el
points, could you spare me tena
Only those with points get to eat, and I don't want to go hungry." 
###Chapter 1411
The show's producers had indeed set the rules in stone. Brielle glanced at King with a touch of sympathy, wondering how he managed to handle being paired with Jiang Yu. She found the whole situation amusing but had to stifle her laughter to keep it from escaping. King noticed her barely-contained amusement, and it stung a bit. "What's so funny?" he asked, a hint of irritation creeping into his voice.
"Nothing," Brielle replied, trying to keep a straight face as she coughed lightly to compose herself.
The production team clapped their hands, bringing everyone's focus back. "Alright, everyone, remember those points are crucial. The person with the most points at the end of the show wins a half-day all to themselves at Beaconsville Amusement Park. It's no small prize. This is the biggest park around, and the staff will cater to the winner's every whim."
Brielle's eyes lit up with excitement. "Seriously? I heard that park's got international backing. It seems pretty far-fetched to shut it down for just one person, especially with their nightly fireworks drawing crowds from everywhere. The loss would be huge."
The production team smiled knowingly. "Mr. Haywood, we've partnered with the local government and the park. Trust us, we've got the backing we need."
Hints of a nearby benefactor who'd invested a fortune to make this happen only fueled the excitement among the group.
"A private half-day at such a park with all the staff at your service? That's world-class," someone marveled.
These parks, known for their cutting-edge attractions, only existed in the wealthiest countries, often becoming the ultimate dreamland for kids and teens alike.
Noticing the sparkle in Brielle's eyes, King leaned closer and whispered, "If you really want this, leave it to me. I'll make sure we get the highest score."
Brielle was tempted, but the thought of the effort required, especially to maintain high scores, gave her pause. King had pushed himself hard for those fifty points today, and the idea of him keeping that up worried her.
"It's just an amusement park. If we want, we can rent it out another time. I don't want you overworking yourself," she reasoned.
"It's not the same," King insisted, his voice sincere.
Their exchange, caught by the microphones, sent the live audience into a frenzy of cheers and swoons.
"Could these two be any more adorable?"
"How lucky are we to hear Mr. Dorsey, the ice king, speak so tenderly?"
"Brielle's so thoughtful. Mr. Dorsey's effort today wasn't easy, and keeping it up will be tough. They're both so sweet."
Meanwhile, Jiang Yu, feeling ignored by King, tried again. "Mr. Dorsey, could you spare me ten points?"
King's patience was wearing thin as he turned to her, clearly annoyed. "Earn them yourself."
His earlier calm, thanks to Brielle's soothing presence, kept him from snapping. Jiang Yu, misjudging his restraint as a sign of charm,
on 
swushed
"Come on, Mr. Dorsey, we're on the same team. Sharing is caring, right? You wouldn't let me go hungry," she coaxed.
King's frustration was evident, but before he could respond, Samuel stepped in trying to keep the peace. "I can spare you three points. That should be enough to trade with the production team so you won't go to bed hungry." 
Jiang Yu rotted her eyes, undeterred. "If you're offering, why not make
a
ite
'm a girl, after all. Can't you be
more generous?"
Samuel, ever the gentleman, was on the verge of agreeing when Brielle's voice cut through, ready to address the situation.
###Chapter 1412
"Can you believe a girl just straight-up asking for stuff like that?" Her brow furrowed as she threw a glance at the other two women at the event. One of them had even chosen the toughest task and already earned two points for it. Jiang Yu's face turned pale at the comment. "Mr. Haywood is a woman too. Why's she putting down other women like that?"
Brielle chuckled, "How am I putting you down? I just said you're bold, which seems pretty accurate. Zheng Yi Yi picked the hardest task and earned two points. Why didn't she ask for handouts like you?" Zheng Yi Yi, another rising star with millions of fans, felt her cheeks burn at the mention of her name.
Jiang Yu was shaking with anger. "Brielle, are you trying to isolate me on purpose?"
"Jiang Yu, let's not blow every comment out of proportion," Brielle replied coolly, turning to the production team. "Is it time to start dinner? It's getting late."
Seeing Brielle ignore her, Jiang Yu stomped her foot in frustration. "I'm not eating!" She stormed off upstairs but was stopped by a staff member. "Miss Jiang, you need points to exchange for a room too."
Nearly fainting with anger, she quickly turned to Samuel. "Samuel, you said you'd give me three points, right?"
Samuel nodded, honest as ever.
Jiang Yu breathed a sigh of relief. "Good. Now that I have three points, can I get a room?"
The production team let her go. All the rooms were on the same floor, and you needed one point for a basic room. But with more points, you could snag a cozy hot springs room. The staff reassured everyone, "Everything's brand new and sanitized. No one's used them before. After a long day, you can rest easy and get a good night's sleep. But first, let's sort out dinner. Everyone chips in a point for a dish. You decide who cooks."
The ingredients for a simple meal were already laid out on the table. King had no clue how to cook.
As soon as he entered the room, fatigue hit him like a wave. Was it just the day's events? He rubbed his forehead, fighting the urge to sleep Last time he felt like this, he woke up as Max. He kept reminding himself not to fall asleep, blaming his drowsiness on the meds he was taking. This time was precious, and he didn't want to waste it. 
Brielle noticed him rubbing his temples and went over to help. "What's up?"
King didn't mention the meds, just said, "I'm just tired."
"I can only make steak, not home-cooked meals. I can't cook tonight," she said with regret, her eyelashes drooping.
Every meal seemed to matter more now, and for some reason, Brielle's heart clenched.
"You rest. I'll handle it. I'll rope in some help from the others."
With so many people to feed, she knew she'd need help, and the other guests quickly offered their assistance.
King caught Brielle's hand, his gaze tender. "Thanks for doing this."
The live chat exploded!
"This moment really hits home. I've been a stay-at-home mom for ten years, cooking and taking care of the kids. My husband acts like it's no big deal, never once saying 'thanks for your hard work.' Hearing that just made me cry." 
"Same here. My husband always says, 'How hard can changing diapers or cooking be? Is it as tough as dealing with office politics?' He comes home talking about his ough day, but if I ever say I'm tired, he mocks me." 
en.
.FindNovel
"Who gets it, really? Most times, women just want a bit of recognition. A simple 'thanks for your hard work' can mean the world. Mr. Dorsey is truly considerate, and Brielle deserves that."
###Chapter 1413
Brielle wandered into the kitchen, joining the others as they busied themselves with washing and chopping vegetables. King had saved a particularly large fish from his haul, a generous contribution to tonight's dinner.
To her pleasant surprise, Zheng YiYi and Samuel turned out to be quite the chefs. With little to contribute herself, Brielle seized the moment to shower them with compliments, making sure they got a bit of the limelight and stayed memorable to the viewers. Exiting the kitchen, Brielle spotted King on the couch, looking like he was about to nod off. The sight unexpectedly tugged at her heart. He'd been running around nonstop these past few days, carving out every spare moment to be with her, as if their time together was slipping through his fingers. It reminded her of a kid savoring the last of their candy before it vanished.
Quietly, Brielle approached and began peeling an orange for him—a small act of kindness. She was curious why he'd decided to join the reality show, but seeing him so vibrant and genuine made her happy. Her gentle care was quietly captured on camera. The clock had ticked to 7 PM, but the live stream viewers were still glued to their screens, hitting the hundreds of millions. Some had been watching all day without taking a break.
Brielle tried to wake King for dinner, giving him a gentle nudge. He was in a surprisingly deep sleep for being on the couch. "King?" she called softly, tapping his shoulder.
At her voice, King slowly opened his eyes, and seeing her first thing filled him with happiness. He instinctively pulled her close for a kiss but quickly remembered they were on live TV and let her go. The audience, who'd been eagerly waiting for a romantic moment, groaned in disappointment.
Both of them blushed, with Brielle awkwardly clearing her throat. "Time for dinner. How can you sleep so soundly here?"
King felt a twinge of concern,
realizing his exhaustion was a sign he couldn't ignore-his time was indeed limited. Brielle led him to the dining table, where everyone was already gathered. Samuel stood up to serve Jiang Yu, his future co-star, wanting to keep things smooth
between them. 
Just then, a crew member called Jiang Yu, offering her the chance to join dinner in exchange for some points. Thinking of the screen time she'd lost, she quickly accepted and joined the table.
As she took her seat next to King,
the air was thick with tension. King handed Brielle the chopsticks, asking what she wanted to eat... When she pointed at the fish, he served her a piece, carefully picking out the bones. 
Jiang Yu, unable to hold back, made a biting remark about the scene, instantly cooling the room's warmth. King paused, giving her a sharp look, his patience stretched thin. "If you want to keep your career in entertainment, I'd suggest you zip it," he said, leaving Jiang Yu stunned and silent. Her confidence, always bolstered by her looks and talent, was rocked by King's indifference. 
The awkwardness was palpable, and no one dared to step in. Even the crew felt Jiang Yu had crossed a line. Brielle placed her hand on King's, gently urging him, "Let it go."
Jiang Yu, in a fit of frustration, stood up abruptly and accused Brielle of enjoying King's defense. Her dramatic exit, assuming it would leave a mark, only highlighted how alone she was in the moment.
###Chapter 1414
The moment she left, the vibe in the room surprisingly lifted. Brielle was left speechless, wondering how Jiang Yu managed to get famous in the entertainment industry with her antics. She glanced around at the others, knowing that, given her and King's special positions-holding everyone's fate in their hands-people were naturally on edge.
Brielle flashed a reassuring smile to everyone. "Sorry if that ruined your appetite."
In truth, everyone silently blamed Jiang Yu. The girl was just too over the top. Here were Brielle and King, the big shots, and yet they hadn't put on airs from the start. Quickly, the group started chatting to lighten the mood, and soon enough, the atmosphere warmed up.
After the meal, King traded five points for a hot spring suite, rumored to be set up overnight for the pickiest of guests.
Forgetting his mic was still on, King whispered to Brielle, "Swing by my room later."
Brielle's cheeks turned a bright red as she gently pushed him away, reminding him about their live mics.
Realizing his slip-up, they both exchanged embarrassed looks and quietly continued eating.
The live stream audience was having a ball.
"Is it just me, or do these two still get shy around each other after all this time?" someone commented.
"I'm grinning so much my cheeks hurt. Mr. Dorsey's got game," another added.
"Brielle's ears are as red as cherries. These two, LOL," laughed a third.
The viewer count was consistently in the tens of millions, sometimes even hitting a hundred million. It was definitely the hottest reality show of the year. After dinner, Brielle excused herself and headed back to her room.
The hallway, monitored by cameras, housed everyone's rooms on the same floor, set up in a way that you couldn't see other doors directly.
Brielle had just stepped into her room when King messaged her.
"The hot spring's great. Sure you don't want to join?"
But Brielle knew his invitation was more about her than the hot spring.
"The view here's amazing. You should come over and see."
Being away from the city lights, she doubted the night view was anything special.
"My bed's super comfy. Come over?"
After the third message, Brielle found his persistence kind of cute, like a kid begging for candy.
She felt her heart soften and finally gave in.
"I'll come by later."
King was thrilled.
At eleven, sure the others were asleep, Brielle quietly opened her door and made her way to King's room.
What she didn't expect was someone else had gotten there first.
Thinking it was Brielle, King quickly adjusted his robe and opened the door, only to find Jiang Yu in a sheer nightgown, cheeks flushed, lunging at him. 
"Mr. Dorsey," she purred.
Without hesitation, King stepped aside, and Jiang Yu stumbled to the floor.
"Mr. Dorsey," she repeated, disbelief in her voice. She couldn't believe it. With her looks, she'd never failed to seduce a man before. What was different about him? 
Unbeknownst to Jiang Yu, the hallway cameras were still rolling broadcasting her mishap to the live stream audience, who saw everything. 
Sitting up, Jiang Yu suddenly began to yell.
"Assault! Help! Assault!"
"Mr. Dorsey, let me go! I refuse to be part of any shady business!"
lov
Her outburst woke everyone up. Doors flew open, and there was Jiang Yu, sitting outside King's room, looking utterly miserable.
###Chapter 1415
King's head was pounding; he couldn't believe someone could be so audacious, so shameless. The guests were out now, and the crew, cameras in tow, had gathered around. Instinctively, King adjusted his pajama top to cover more of his chest, a stark contrast to his earlier nonchalance. The thought of Jiang Yu standing outside his door made his skin crawl. His face darkened, and an intimidating aura filled the hallway, making everyone tense. King pointed a finger at Jiang Yu. "Replace her. I don't want to see her at any event ever again."
His tone was icy, his demeanor commanding. The production team hadn't expected Jiang Yu to be so bold, causing a scene during filming!
Tears streamed down Jiang Yu's face. "Mr. Dorsey, you forced me," she cried. "Is it because I'm powerless? So, I'm to be blackballed, and no one will defend me?"
The crew couldn't stand it; she had no shame. Someone gestured to the hallway's surveillance cameras. "Miss Jiang, we forgot to mention that these cameras have been live-streaming. Everything you've done was seen by many viewers." Jiang Yu's face went pale. The hallway was live? How did she miss that?
No one dared meet King's eyes now. As CEO of Dream Tech Designs, he could make or break careers. Nobody wanted to defend Jiang Yu; she had brought this on herself.
The atmosphere was tense, King visibly angry, leaving everyone too scared to breathe. At that moment, Brielle appeared, taking in the scene. Security was already on their way to escort Jiang Yu out. She burst into tears, trying to cling to King, but he shook her off with disdain.
Never before had Jiang Yu been so publicly rejected. Coupled with her humiliation being live-streamed, she felt utterly ashamed. As she passed Brielle, trembling with rage, she spat, "You're just luckier than me! You're not even prettier! Just a pretty face!"
Even now, Jiang Yu hadn't learned her lesson. She refused to apologize. Brielle, initially inclined to help her keep her job-since she and King were there for fun and didn't want to ruin anyone's future decided against it. Why bother with someone so ungrateful? A crew member approached Brielle cautiously. "Mr. Haywood, could you please talk to Mr. Dorsey? Calm him down, or we won't sleep tonight."
Brielle sighed, stepping forward to gently tug on King's sleeve. "Calm down, okay?"
Seeing her, King's mood softened, though he still felt a bit wronged. Why hadn't she come sooner to save him from being ogled?
Sensing his annoyance, Brielle checked for microphones and whispered, "How about we hit the hot springs later?"
King's eyes lit up, his anger evaporating. He waved everyone off coolly. "It's all settled. Let's move on."
The crew had expected a storm but
were amazed at how Brielle calmed him with just a few words. They quickly dispersed, and as soon as they were gone, King eagerly pulled Brielle into his room. 
Online, viewers were furious at Jiang Yu's antics. "If I were Mr. Dorsey, I'd have lost it. How terrible."
"Where's Jiang Yu's fan club now? Calling her straightforward? No
scheming? Unbelievable. Sneak
around with someone's boyfriend in that cheap outfit." 
"If she's famous, it's probably because of these stunts. Good riddance now that Mr. Dorsey has blacklisted her."
Once they vented about Jiang Yu,
the chat room turned back to
sweetness..
Did you see Mr. Dorsey when he opened the door? His pajama top was practically falling off. So scandalous, haha. And when he saw it was Jiang Yu, his face dropped." 
"I thought I was the only one who noticed! He even pulled his pajama top up so only his neck was showing."
"Such a gentleman, really."
"He really is, I'm crying, so perfect."
"So, any guesses on what they're up to in his room right now?"
###Chapter 1416
The last question in the live stream set off a wave of cheeky comments, pushing the limits of what's considered acceptable. Eventually, a crew member had to step in.
"Come on, folks, let's tone it down a notch. If we keep this up, the stream's going to get shut down. Let's show some restraint, alright?"
The plea was met with a wave of light-hearted banter in the chat.
Meanwhile, in her room, Brielle found herself pinned to the bed by King, her heart racing with the thought of hidden cameras. She tried to push him away, but he held her hands firmly above her head. "I checked. There aren't any," he reassured her, helping to ease her worries.
When Brielle tried to make a sound, King quickly covered her mouth with his hand. Her eyes sparkled with unshed tears.
He leaned in, kissing the corner of her eye. "Even though there are no cameras here, there are some outside. I don't want them to hear you, Little Canary. Just bear with me a little longer."
Brielle blinked to show she understood, though King playfully pretended not to notice, enjoying the sight of her flushed cheeks.
Feeling breathless, Brielle softly pleaded for him to hurry. However, she couldn't quite remember when it all ended, only the exhaustion that followed.
When she woke up, it was already noon, and she was alone in the room. A note left beside her read, "Told them you were sick and needed rest."
Blushing at the implication everyone probably knew the truth, Brielle sighed, realizing it was too late to worry now.
By noon, Jiang Yu's replacement had arrived, and the atmosphere was harmonious, with no further disruptions. King once again earned the highest points, excelling at everything just to take Brielle to the amusement park. When Brielle came downstairs and saw everyone, she felt a bit awkward. King quickly approached, "Feeling better?"
Knowing it was all a charade but having to go along with it, Brielle felt a pang of guilt hearing about King's efforts. They could have easily rented the park, but King cherished this chance to enjoy it through the show. Her heart softened at the thought.
Over the next few days, the live stream maintained a positive vibe, with King gaining a legion of loyal fans. The new guest fit in well with everyone.
Brielle and King, being guest stars, were not required to stay for the entire filming just a week.
After securing tickets for a private evening at the amusement park, the production team made a special announcement: "Tonight at 7, our guests will enjoy the park, and it will be streamed live. Remember, after tonight, Mr. Dorsey and Mr
Haywood will be leaving
no
Our
program." 
The chat erupted in disappointment.
"Don't go! A week flew by too quickly; we haven't had our fill!"
"Watching Mr. Dorsey rack up points has been so relatable, like my boyfriend secretly working a part-time job to buy me a present."
"They could afford to rent the park, but earning it through the show feels so much more special. It's touching."
"Thank goodness Mr. Dorsey isn't single. I hope they stay together forever."
As the crew set off for Beaconsfield, King clutched the tickets with a smile. However, Brielle noticed his waning energy.
Initially, he would playfully coax her
to join him at night, but soon, he was drifting off easily. Aside from his enthusiastic point-earning during the day, he seemed constantly tired. 
"Are you feeling okay?" Brielle asked, worried he might be coming down with something after all the recent exertion.
King shook his head slightly,
knowing his lethargy wasn't due to illness but the side effects of a medication he had been taking. The medication was taking its toll, and it was time for him to step back, for Max to return. 
Despite the reluctance to part ways, it seemed the moment to say goodbye had arrived.
###Chapter 1417
respectfully
behind.
The film crew pulled up outside the amusement park right at 7 PM, the pink castle towering above everything else, impossible to miss and instantly charming. Brielle and King hopped out together, while the rest of the crew, riding the wave of King's fame, stayed Every camera was locked on Brielle and King, capturing each moment for the live stream, which had rocketed to an audience of two hundred million. Crazy, right? Basically, if you'd ever watched a reality show, you were glued to this one now.
Brielle had it all figured out. She dreamed of snapping a photo with King beneath that pink castle, a perfect way to wrap up their reality show adventure. But just as they were about to enter, a staff member approached with blindfolds. "Surprise from the production team, Mr. Dorsey, Mr. Haywood. Go ahead, put these on. The park's promised a special gift for the top scorers," they explained.
Brielle was a bit lost but went along with it. Someone gently took her hand, guiding her onto a sightseeing cart that whisked her away to a secret spot. Blindfolded, she couldn't see a thing and felt a bit jittery. But with cameras rolling, she figured it had to be safe. Meanwhile, King had slipped into a sharp white suit. The camera crew split their focus, capturing both Brielle and King, while all other live feeds were cut, leaving only theirs up and running.
Viewers weren't slow on the uptake. They saw King suited up and Brielle led to the castle, and the buzz began.
"Is this what I think it is?"
"A proposal?! All the other streams are down; you have to see this!"
As soon as Brielle was in position, lights burst to life around her, unveiling a breathtaking sea of flowers, with drones painting floral patterns in the sky as far as the eye could see. "It's a proposal! Mr. Dorsey's making his move!! I lost it when those lights came on. It's stunning!"
"No wonder Mr. Dorsey was hustling for points all week. He didn't want Mr. Haywood to catch on since they're always together. A single slip, and the surprise would be blown."
"Mr. Haywood thought it was just a fun day at the park until they got out of the car."
"Talk about flowers for days! Did they buy out every bloom in Beaconsfield?!"
With the silence stretching on, Brielle grew a bit nervous, wondering if something had gone off-script. Just then, King appeared by her side.
The viewers' screens could only capture so much, but the endless flowers and the proposal animation on the red castle, courtesy of the drones, were more than enough to leave them awestruck. Sensing someone near, Brielle, still blindfolded, jumped back until she caught King's familiar scent and relaxed.
"What's going on? Are you blindfolded too?" she asked.
The moment she spoke, her
blindfold was whisked away. Before her lay a world draped in flowers, the night sky alive with drones first forming a flower, then a tiny figure proposing to another.
Brielle's mind went blank. Then she saw him, the man before her, kneeling, his eyes locked on hers.
Cameras were all around, but they kept their distance, respecting King's wish for no close-ups, just wide shots. And that was all it took to
crash the live stream again, with so many people watching.
When Brielle finally pieced everything together, her vision blurred with tears. Overwhelmed, she couldn't speak, her throat tight with emotion. "Brielle,"
King had spent countless nights rehearsing a speech, feeling more nervous than with any internationa address he'd given. He called her name, ready to deliver his lines but seeing her in tears, he was choked up his own eyes misting over, which he quickly dabbed away. 
All his rehearsed words melted into a single, heartfelt plea.
"Will you marry me, please?"
###Chapter 1418
Brielle was at a loss for words, tears streaming down her cheeks as she reached out with a trembling hand, the veins on her forehead standing out from crying so hard.
King's heart ached for her. He quickly pulled out the ring, his fingers shaking as he tried to slide it onto her finger. It took him a full minute to get it right, but as soon as he did, the sky above the castle exploded in a dazzling array of fireworks, lighting up the night. "I want to give you all the cliché romance in the world," King whispered, his voice trembling. "To be that perfectly ordinary husband and wife."
"Love lifts us above everything, yet it also binds us to the rest," he continued.
Brielle didn't care about anything else anymore, just cried in his arms. The night sky was lit up not just by fireworks, but by drones too, yet nothing could outshine the man in front of her.
Tonight, the viewers of their live stream were moved to tears, crying along with Brielle. The top trends on social media were all about Brielle's proposal. Overwhelmed by emotion, Brielle didn't stay at the scene for long. King led her to a waiting car.
The production crew's cameras kept rolling, capturing the meticulous details of the setup, showing the thought and care put into the proposal. They explained to the audience that Mr. Dorsey had planned the proposal early on, joining the reality show just to keep it a surprise from Brielle.
After getting into the car, King didn't forget to message Hank, instructing him to give the flowers from the scene to visitors at the amusement park the next day, with a reminder to keep the place tidy. "Let's spread this happiness to every witness," he said. The message, read aloud to the viewers, prompted another wave of tears. "Bless them," the audience commented. "My tears are worthless tonight." "Brielle's crying so hard, it's heartbreaking." "If I were her, I'd probably cry myself into a faint." Back at Premier Palace, many friends were waiting: Dustin Lynch, Raymond, Sarah, Isaac, Aubree, all smiling as they greeted the couple and ushered them to sit down. Brielle wasn't hungry, but with everyone gathered, she quickly joined King at the table, encouraging everyone to dig in. The meal wasn't extravagant but was elegant, and given the late hour, it was more about the sentiment than the food. Brielle and King toasted with their friends, sharing a light-hearted moment amidst the celebration.
Isaac, a little tipsy, his cheeks flushed, stumbled over with a small glass of wine. "Brielle, drink up, congratulations, and dad," he stuttered, more than usual due to his excitement. Brielle laughed, hugging him and planting a big kiss on his cheek before downing the wine. "Thanks, little guy."
Isaac stood there, not wanting to
leave. Brielle thought he might have something else to say, but then King ruffled his hair. "Now that Brielle and I are getting married, maybeat's time for a new title, huh?" 
Both Isaac and Brielle were bashful, yet eagerly anticipating. Taking a deep breath, Isaac managed, "Mommy."
Brielle's eyes teared up again, but after crying so much, she found it hard to shed more tears, simply hugging Isaac, "Sweetheart." Isaac's lips quivered into a smile.
The room was full, including parents who had traveled from North America. Brielle and King were busy till late, finally retreating to their master bedroom.
She drew a bath, coaxing King to
join her. After their bath, they cuddled up in bed, simply holding each other. Brielle was filled with a sweet contentment, just about to say something to King when he looked at her, his eyelids drooping. 
"Brielle."
"Hmm?"
"I'm so tired."
"Then sleep."
"But I don't want to sleep. I want to keep looking at you."
Despite his words, King's eyes soon closed. "Just want to keep looking at you, love you." With that, he fell asleep in her arms.
Brielle thought about how hard King
had been working recently, feeling a tender ache for him. This man, truly. Before long, she too drifted off, the night's events feeling like a beautiful dream. en FindNovel
###Chapter 1419
The next morning, Brielle got up a little after 7, only to discover that her parents had stayed in another villa last night, giving her and her little family some space. The Premier Palace was spotless, with all of yesterday's chaos neatly sorted out. Only Isaac was there, eagerly presenting Little Noir, the puppy, to her. "Mom, look, Little Noir."
Isaac was still getting used to calling her "mom." Each time he did, his ears would turn a little red.
Brielle didn't want to rush him. She was about to reassure him that it was fine to take his time when she noticed him lower his lashes.
"I'm really happy, Brielle. We're a family."
He was letting her know how thrilled he was to be part of the family.
Brielle found her words stuck in her throat, but her smile said it all.
"Little cricket, me too."
Isaac glanced upstairs. Was Dad having a lazy morning today?
He placed Little Noir on the couch, and right then, Noir came in, rubbing against Isaac's knee.
Little Noir had opened his eyes and was playfully sprawled on the sofa.
Isaac's eyes sparkled with joy as he caught a glimpse of Max coming down the stairs.
Max joined Isaac, giving Noir a gentle pat on the head.
Seeing this, Brielle knew it wasn't King; it was Max who had returned.
Isaac just glanced up briefly, then looked away, the word "dad" unspoken.
Max sat beside him, pulling Brielle close, and asked, "How did you sleep last night?"
Brielle nodded, her cheeks turning a bit pink.
"Max, how about you? You've seemed a bit tired lately, maybe from all the variety show filming?"
"I'm good, but he," Max paused, his eyes landing on the ring on her finger. It was simple yet elegant, perfect for everyday wear.
Max took her hand in his, admiring the ring closely.
Last night's proposal was grand and beautiful, a moment King would surely remember forever.
"What's up with him?" Brielle asked, smiling as she intertwined her fingers with his.
Max shook his head, switching topics. "Hungry?"
Brielle laughed, thinking about the variety show challenges. "Actually, yes. I've been on that show and haven't really had a proper meal."
Max chuckled, ruffling her hair. "Got any ideas for the wedding venue?"
The proposal was just the beginning; they still needed to plan the wedding.
Brielle's eyes widened, then she
laughed bashfully. "I haven't given it much thought. I don't fancy going abroad or to some island. How about we do it here at Premier Palace? Just a simple get-together." 
sw novel
Last night's proposal, a spectacle for the world to see, was still fresh in her mind, a memory she'd cherish forever. But for the wedding, she preferred something laid-back, right here at home. 
"Sounds perfect. It's all up to you."
Max led her to the dining table, where they enjoyed a cozy family breakfast.
Throughout, Isaac kept glancing at Max, hesitating to say something.
Max knew what he wanted to ask and simply offered him more food, a silent gesture of understanding.
Isaac lowered his head, deciding not to ask.
Meanwhile, the news of Brielle's proposal was still trending on social media, with the video being shared millions of times.
The show had launched a new poll, asking viewers to vote for their favorite couple from the seasons. Brielle and Max were leading by over two hundred million votes. Isaac sneakily voted on his phone, making sure to avoid Brielle and Max's watchful eyes.
Wesley caught him in the act and immediately asked Isaac to teach him how to vote, leading to both of them, usually indifferent to such
things, casting their precious votes. 
###Chapter 1420
When Brielle strolled into the Stellar Stage Entertainment office, her smile was as radiant as the California sunshine. Every colleague she passed showered her with congratulations, their voices blending into a delightful chorus that accompanied her to her desk. Settling into her chair, she opened a drawer to discover a small gift waiting for her a surprise that made her heart skip a beat.
From Little Canary.
It was from King. How intriguing, she mused. Why send a separate gift when he could've just handed it to her?
Unwrapping the package, she unveiled two handcrafted figurines, their lifelike details capturing her gaze. Memories of a reality show challenge surfaced-participants had to follow a local carpenter's lead in woodworking. King had aced that challenge, but wasn't his project a tiny cat? That cat had found a home in the carpenter's gallery, likely drawing tourists eager to see King's creation.
Brielle chuckled, her heart warmed by his thoughtfulness. King had gone the extra mile, crafting this secret gift away from the prying eyes of the show's crew. Turning the figurines over, she found their names engraved on the back: King and Brielle. This way, they'd always be together.
She placed the gift on her desk, a constant reminder of their bond. Throughout the day, several colleagues stopped by, each one admiring the figurines. Aubree, in particular, took a close look, her laughter light and genuine.
"This craftsmanship-it's a shame he doesn't do carpentry professionally."
Brielle joined in the laughter. Then Aubree's curiosity peeked through. "How's the wedding invite list coming?"
"Almost done. It's mostly friends. Just a small get-together for a meal."
Aubree sighed, sinking into the couch. "Aftertast night's spectacle, I guess there's no need for anything over-the-top. Heard the proposal shattered all kinds of records. King really knows how to put on a show-those flowers, the
Swnov
amusement park's sales
skyrocketing." 
Brielle felt a rush of affection. All of King's surprises were meticulously planned just for her, explaining his recent exhaustion.
Their chat meandered to the
unexpected nature of their relationship, from its tangled
vel
beyone so to their resolved decision
to marry. 
"A gift for you, Bri," Aubree said, handing over a card-a black card.
Both women were well-off, but Aubree insisted, "Consider it a gift for your second child. They better call me godmother."
Brielle accepted with a grin, touched by Aubree's generous spirit.
"Isaac too," Aubree mused, referring to Brielle's first child. "Wish I'd seen him as a baby."
The mention brought a tinge of regret, but Aubree quickly shifted the mood, eager for the wedding invitation.
As Aubree hugged her goodbye, she whispered, "You must find happiness."
But that wish, filled with all the warmth and sincerity in the world, was exactly what Brielle hoped for Aubree too.
They shared a moment,
acknowledging their shared paths
and the elusive nature of happiness, before parting ways, each carrying a piece of the other's hopes with them. 
en FindNovel
###Chapter 1421
Over the next few days, Brielle was completely absorbed in designing the wedding invitations. She added her own creative spin while seamlessly blending in Max's ideas. Since Max had returned, he had Patrick brought over from North America. Patrick was practically bouncing with excitement, as if he was walking on air.
"Boss?"
"Boss!"
Patrick was like someone finally coming home after a long journey, tears glistening in his eyes as he stood off to the side. Max, as usual, stayed calm and simply glanced at him.
Patrick quickly wiped his tears, repeating, "It's really good, really good." It took a few tries for him to calm down and regain his usual cool demeanor.
Now, both Patrick and Joseph were staying at the Premier Palace. However, Joseph hadn't heard his master call for him in days and was starting to feel a bit aimless. Meanwhile, Patrick was thriving, constantly at Max's side, making Joseph feel increasingly unnecessary. And what about King? Where was his master? Days had passed without any sign of him. Every time Patrick passed by Joseph, he carried himself with a sense of pride, like a favorite courtier. Joseph couldn't shake off a feeling of unease, wishing King would reappear. Max's icy demeanor was hard for him to handle, like a chill that seeped into his bones. King might have been distant too, but he had a playful side.
Joseph found himself hoping each day for King's return, but as the next week rolled around, nothing changed. Max was still Max, with no trace of King appearing. Brielle seemed unfazed, busy with the invitations, until Joseph couldn't hold back any longer and knocked on the study door.
"Ms. Brielle."
Brielle was tweaking her designs on the computer and responded, "Come in."
Joseph entered, looking humble and respectful. "Ms. Brielle, do you know when the master will be back?"
Brielle paused, realizing she didn't know. "Joseph, I'm sorry, I really don't know."
Joseph's eyes dropped, his worries spilling out. "Is he... is he never coming back?"
Brielle tensed, then managed a gentle laugh. "No, that's not possible. They're two sides of the same coin; if one is here, so is the other."
Joseph felt a pang in his heart. He had seen the journey Brielle and King had been on and knew it hadn't
been easy Brielle, as King not
accepted Max's dual nature
naturally. But for Joseph, King was just King, not Max. If his master was truly gone, then his time at Premier Palace would be over too. He wouldn't stay where he wasn't needed. 
Max had Patrick, and their bond was like the one King and Joseph had shared, leaving Joseph feeling out of place. After Joseph left, Brielle found herself lost in thought, Joseph's words bringing back memories of King's fatigue during their reality show stint. The gift he had left in her office instead of handing it to her himself tugged at her heart. 
What had happened during that
time? As she quietly pondered, she realized the invitations were almost done. That evening, when Max got home, she showed him the designs. Max took the laptop and made some quiet adjustments for a few minutes. 
Brielle watched him, feeling like she was in a dream, about to marry this man. Max set the laptop aside and gently ruffled her hair. "I've added a little detail here. When's the wedding?" "Next week," she said.
Max rubbed his temple and kissed her lightly. "Alright, I'll get those invitations made right away."
Brielle held onto his shirt, "About the medicine on the nightstand, what's that for?"
She had seen King taking it, but it seemed to vanish with Max's return. Max settled back on the couch, explaining, "I've been dealing with some mental health issues. That helps me manage." Brielle sighed with relief, glad it wasn't something King was hiding from her. "Great, then we're all set with the invitations. We can start sending them out tomorrow."
Her face lit up with a smile, "And let's have Isaac as our ring bearer."
###Chapter 1422
In the cozy glow of the evening, Brielle perched on the windowsill, a touch of shyness dancing in her eyes. Max's kisses were soft, and his movements gentle, creating a cocoon of tenderness around them.
Afterward, Brielle rolled over, reaching to switch off the lamp by the bed, the light too harsh for her sleepy eyes. On the nightstand stood two little wooden figurines, a sweet gift from King. She chuckled and playfully nudged Max. "Think you could make one of these?" she asked.
Max glanced at the figurines and remembered King secretly crafting these charming little tokens, a soft laugh escaping his lips.
"Not really," he admitted.
Even though he remembered the process, the actual crafting was a different story.
"Wow, something Max isn't a pro at," she teased with a grin, only to be pulled closer into his arms.
"I could learn," he murmured.
Brielle had just mentioned it casually, captivated by the figurines' cuteness and wanting to share that delight with him. She yawned, nestling deeper into his embrace.
"No need, these two are perfect," she murmured, drifting off to sleep, leaving Max watching over her, her cheeks tinged with a soft blush in the dim light.
Ensuring she was sound asleep, Max picked up the figurines, admiring the craftsmanship. King, Brielle. Their names were carved on the back, adding a simple yet meaningful touch. With a sigh, he placed them back and snuggled up to Brielle, wrapping her in his arms as they both drifted into slumber.
Their wedding was just a week away, and Brielle was busy sending out invitations to friends. With Stellar Stage Entertainment in her brother Dustin's capable hands, she and Max enjoyed a bit of a breather.
While Max and Isaac were busy with Noir and the pups, Brielle reached out to friends, sending out invitations far and wide.
In North America, Mason wasn't surprised when he received Brielle's invitation. He had seen the grand proposal online, and saying he wasn't envious would be a lie. Such a perfect pair, he couldn't tell who was luckier, Brielle or Max.
Holding the invitation, Mason looked through the hospital room door at Tiffanie, who sat staring blankly out the window, refusing food and conversation since she'd woken up.
With a heavy heart, Mason entered the room.
"I'm setting you free," he said, his voice light but heavy with unspoken emotions.
"You can go, anywhere you want."
Tiffanie froze, unsure if he was serious. She had been surviving on IV fluids, desperate to escape Mason's presence, believing that distance would help her forget the
horrors of that night.
She had mistakenly thought she could use Mason against Everett, but now she was trapped in a nightmare of her own making.
Hesitant, she got up and fled the
room, grabbing her phone. Outside, she paused, relieved when Mason didn't follow. As she checked the news, she saw the announcement of Max and Brielle's wedding. 
Feeling a pull to connect, she called Max.
"Maxie," she started, tears instantly spilling over.
"What's up?" Max's voice was as direct as ever.
"I lost my passport and my ID... I need to get out of North America, anywhere. Can you help?"
Her voice shook, tears flowing freely.
"I'll have someone bring you back," Max assured her.
"Thanks, Maxie, and congrats on the wedding."
Max paused, sensing her distress. Tiffanie had no one else, and Max had always been like a guardian angel to her, despite having no blood ties to the Dorsey family. "I just... I just missed you," she sobbed, finally letting her emotions spill over.
From the trauma with Everett to Victoria's violent outburst and the hospital, she had kept everything bottled up, and now she poured her heart out to Max, her tears a testament to her relief. 
###Chapter 1423
"Don't cry, okay? Just head back and stay put, I'll get someone to come pick you up." "Alright."
Tiffanie ended the call, tears streaming down her face like a lost child unable to find their way home. Mason was just a floor above her in the hospital, watching as she cried while talking on the phone. Suddenly, she turned around, and Mason quickly ducked behind the curtains, a cigarette dangling from his fingers. He found it oddly amusing, her desperate need to escape, like being near him was some kind of torture.
He lowered his head, feeling a stinging sensation in his eyes. When they first crossed paths in Beaconsfield, he never imagined they'd end up like this, caught in a web of old family grudges that seemed impossible to untangle. What was he supposed to do now? He wished someone could tell him how to sort out this mess.
Taking a deep drag from his cigarette, he thought back to the wedding invitation he'd received. She didn't have many people left to lean on; Max was really the only one. She probably called Max and was headed back to Beaconsfield. Without hesitation, he booked a flight back there, too.
That night, Tiffanie did return to Beaconsfield, alone in that big, empty house, feeling completely unsettled. The house was a gift from Max, a place where she didn't have to worry about life's necessities. Yet, inside, she was in turmoil. Every car that passed by made her wish it would just hit her, end it all. Every sharp in the house tempted her to cut into her skin.
Only pain seemed to bring her a moment of clarity, a brief escape from her nightmares. But she couldn't escape them. Sitting on the couch, Tiffanie lit a cigarette, pressing the glowing end against the back of her hand until it blistered, yet she felt nothing. The pain wasn't enough; she needed more.
She hurried to the kitchen, looking for a knife to finish what she'd started. But then the doorbell rang. Thinking it was Max, she quickly put the knife back. Opening the door, she was surprised to see Mason standing there instead.
"Have you eaten?" he asked, so casually, as if they were back in their early North American days, living together. Tiffanie first shook her head, then nodded.
Mason held up a container of food. "Have some more, I made it myself."
Tiffanie didn't say anything, standing at the doorway, clearly not wanting to let him in. Mason didn't push, and they stood in silence for a while.
Finally, she whispered, "Mason, let's just call it quits."
Her voice was hoarse, and saying it felt like a dagger to her chest. Mason stiffened, his eyes dropping to the floor.
"Call it quits?" he echoed, letting out a bitter laugh. "How can we just end it when you were the one who came into my life first? Remember?"
"I haven't forgotten. It's my fault, I'm
sorry," Tiffanie mumbled, her head
bo, her voice barely a
it's all my fault."
"I'm
Mason felt a lump in his throat, and when he saw the burns on her hand, he impulsively pulled her inside Tiffanie, caught off guard, sat on the sofa, trying to hide her injured hand. 
Mason noticed the cigarette butts scattered on the coffee table. His eyes teared up as he picked one up, taking a drag. The smoke made his eyes water even more. Looking at her, he suddenly pressed the cigarette onto her already blistered hand. 
"Does it hurt?" he asked harshly, as if her hand was nothing more than an ashtray.
Tiffanie shook her head, "No, it doesn't hurt."
Mason's hand trembled, tears spilling down his face. "Is that so? But I'm in pain. Does that make me crazy?"
###Chapter 1424
Tiffanie was speechless. She'd told herself she was okay, but in that moment, the pain was almost unbearable. It felt like the kind of hurt that made her want to curl up and pull her heart out.
Mason, his hand trembling, pressed the cigarette butt onto the back of her hand. Then, in a sudden act, he grabbed the other butts from the coffee table and pressed them against his own skin. His hand immediately blistered. As one cigarette went out, he quickly picked up another.
Tiffanie, who usually brushed off her own pain, found it unbearable to watch Mason inflict the same on himself. She swept all the cigarette butts to the floor in one swift motion and gently took Mason's hand to examine it, noticing several burns.
Tears she thought had dried up now fell onto his blistered hand. She felt pushed to her breaking point, utterly lost.
They sat in silence for a long while before Mason finally asked, "How long has it been since you ate?"
Tiffanie shook her head. "I don't know."
"Okay," he replied. "From now on, whatever you do, I do. If you're not eating, then neither am I."
Desperation washed over Tiffanie. Why couldn't they just let each other go?
But Mason just held her face gently, his look serious but sad. "Tiffanie, you're all I've got left."
His mom had passed, his dad too. He was truly alone.
Mason's words hit Tiffanie hard, leaving her speechless. It was because of her that Mason's father was gone, all due to her mom, Victoria.
The memory of that bloody scene flooded back, and she felt herself unraveling. But Mason just held her tighter, as if saying even if they hurt each other, they should still stick together.
Feeling overwhelmed, Tiffanie let
Mason carry her upstairs. The bed was soft, but she couldn't bring
herself to face him and closed her eyes, maintaining the silent standoff until the next day, both without food. 
Tiffanie was used to hunger, but she worried about Mason. His busy life and stomach problems-if he kept this up, would it make him worse?
By morning, Mason's face had paled, and he clutched his stomach. Tiffanie knew his ulcer was acting up.
"Mason," she called softly, but he just gave her a faint smile, insisting he was fine.
Her heart ached, thinking back to when they first met. Mason had always been so positive, especially about work, despite growing up in a single-parent household. He rarely lost his temper, except that one time on his birthday. 
Thinking of how good Mason was only made her feel less worthy. "Mason, please take your medicine," she urged, knowing the pain could land him in the hospital. "No need," he said lightly, turning away, afraid her tears might weaken his resolve. "Tiffanie, you're all I've got," he repeated, a phrase that had echoed since last night.
Unable to stop her tears, Tiffanie took his hand. Everything Mason lost was taken by the Dorsey family, and yet, here she was, struggling under the weight of their shared pain and her own guilt. 
###Chapter 1425
After Mason said those words, he went quiet for a long while. By the afternoon, his stomach was acting up, his fingers trembling just a bit. Tiffanie quickly reached for the phone to call 911, but Mason snatched it from her and switched it off. "No need," he said.
Tiffanie got out of bed in a rush, almost losing her balance and nearly hitting the floor. Mason caught her, listening as she croaked out, "So, if I eat something, you'll take your meds?" "Yes."
"Alright, I'll eat, I'll eat," she said, coughing a couple of times and dragging him downstairs. She grabbed some stale bread from the fridge and stuffed it into her mouth.
"Mason, I'm eating, please stop torturing yourself. It's killing me to see you like this," she begged.
Mason, holding his aching stomach with one hand, held her wrist with the other. "Cold food isn't good for you."
With her mouth full, Tiffanie shook her head, tears streaming down her face. "Please take your medicine first?"
Mason didn't reply. Instead, he grabbed some whole wheat bread, sliced it, fried a couple of eggs, and warmed up some milk before placing it in front of her. "Eat all of it."
Even though he was in pain, his eyes on her were serious and unwavering.
Tiffanie really didn't want to eat; just looking at the food made her feel sick. But she sat down quickly and forced herself to eat. After finishing, she held back the urge to vomit and started searching for his stomach medicine. Luckily, there was a first-aid kit nearby. She found the medicine, fetched a glass of water, and placed it in front of him.
Mason still wouldn't take it. "Don't throw it up," he warned.
If he took the medicine now, she might vomit right then. Tiffanie's fingers shook, her face turning pale. Eating had been truly awful.
She set the medicine by Mason's side and sat quietly next to him. He took her hand and kissed it gently. Tiffanie froze, a shiver running through her, reminding her of a vulnerability she could hardly bear.
She pulled her hand back quickly,
covering her mouth, but she kept his warning in mind-not to throw up. Seeing her like this, Mason felt his heart was being stabbed over and over. But he had to make sure she ate something, or she'd surely faint from hunger. This wasn't a
hospital-there was no one to give
her an IV. 
After three hours, once he was sure the food had settled, Mason finally took his stomach medicine, cold sweat dotting his forehead from the pain. Tiffanie gently wiped his brow with a tissue. Mason glanced at her and managed a small, tired smile. "I'm a bit worn out."
"Let me help you get some rest," Tiffanie said, jumping up to help him to the couch. She thoughtfully fetched a pillow for him.
Once Mason lay down, he looked at her intently. Tiffanie looked pale, having lost nearly twenty pounds through all this, her cheeks almost hollow.
Mason brushed his hand against her cheek.
"Tiffanie."
"Yeah?" she replied.
"If you ever leave, I'll go with you."
His words were soft, but they carried
a weight that hit hard. Tiffanie was stunned. His career was
soaring he'd just been interviewed by a Wall Street journal, and offers were pouring in. Yet he said this now? 
Give up everything to be with her?
But he was so young, with so much life ahead of him. Mason's story shouldn't end like this; he could have a dazzling future. Why get tangled up with someone like her, stuck in so much chaos?
"Maybe to others, you're just a footnote, but to me, you're everything," he said. "Tiffanie, so please, stay with me, stay alive, okay?"
As he said those last words, he couldn't hold it in anymore, covering his eyes with his hand.
"I want us to live like any other
couple. You can work or not,
whatever you feel. I'll hand over my
paycheck, and you manage it. Buye whatever makes you happy; I won't mind. On holidays, we'll go out for a feast, or I'll cook at home. If you want kids, we'll have them. If not, I'm willing to make that happen too. Just like any ordinary couple." 
###Chapter 1426
Tiffanie felt a lump in her throat, making it impossible to say a word. Mason didn't wait for her reply; his hand stayed firmly over his eyes, unmoving. She sat on the edge of the couch, her fingers trembling, yearning to reach out and hold his hand. But her mind was a whirlwind, a storm of thoughts and emotions.
As the last rays of the sunset faded, she finally reached out and gently took his hand. "Could you help me see a therapist tomorrow?" she whispered. Mason stiffened, his hand still over his eyes, his sleeve likely soaked with tears. He didn't want to show this vulnerable side of himself. "Yeah," he nodded, his voice raspy.
Tiffanie stayed by the couch, pulling his hand to her cheek. Mason's eyelashes were damp as he sat up and wrapped her in a tight embrace. Tiffanie bit her lip, but eventually, the tears came, and she cried openly. They held each other for what seemed like forever before slowly letting go. Mason didn't rush things; after a shower, they lay in bed, fingers intertwined. It was unclear who fell asleep first, but soon their breathing was gentle and calm. They were both drained, completely worn out.
Even though Tiffanie had agreed to see a therapist, when the day came, she was filled with dread. She clutched Mason's hand, second-guessing her decision, but his earlier words echoed in her mind, and she bit her lip hard. The therapist was there to help her heal the deepest wounds in her heart, which meant she had to lay bare her most difficult truths in front of the person she loved most. Her body trembled, her eyes unable to meet the therapist's.
The therapist gave her a reassuring look, encouraging her to relax. But relaxation was impossible for Tiffanie; she nestled even closer into Mason's arms, shaking like a leaf. Mason gently patted her back and kissed her ear. "It's okay, you're safe," he murmured.
The therapist didn't push, waiting
patiently for Tiffanie to calm down

before asking questions. Several times, Tiffanie panicked, seeking refuge in Mason's arms like a bird suddenly tossed from its nest Mason paused the session, Soothing her with kisses and soft words, allowing the session to continue. 
Three hours later, the room was filled only with Tiffanie's voice as she recounted the hardships she'd
faced. With Mason's comfort, she t
was steadier now. But as she detailed her experiences with the Dorsey family, Mason struggled to hold it together, biting his lip to keep from crying. Tiffanie felt something wet hit the hand he was holding, her heart aching even more. 
She remembered a conversation with Brielle, longing for someone who saw through her facade, who knew she was flawed and still loved her. She never imagined she'd be fortunate enough to find such a person. But here he was. Speaking of these things had left her numb, yet she could feel Mason's despair. What seemed embarrassing before now just felt heavy. 
She had prayed countless times to avoid these experiences, not because she couldn't endure them, but because she couldn't bear seeing Mason break. What is love, really? How can it be so tiny yet so grand? As light as a feather, yet as heavy as a mountain?
After the therapist left, Mason held her hand tightly. Tiffanie gazed up at him, a warmth spreading through her chest. "Tiffanie," he said, his eyes red as he pressed her hand to his cheek, "I wish I'd met you sooner."
She tried to speak, but words escaped her. These days, she often felt like that. Words couldn't capture the depth of her feelings. "Yeah, me too."
###Chapter 1427
When Max got a call from Tiffanie, he could hear a bit of cheer in her voice, a sign that things were getting better, no doubt helped by him passing on Mason's address. With his own wedding just around the corner, Max couldn't really spare much time for others. He just made one promise:
"Once you're married, I'll get you a couple of mansions."
Tiffanie chuckled on the other end, "Well, thanks in advance, Maxie."
After hanging up, Max noticed a small, curled-up creature at his feet. It was Little Noir.
He scooped up the tiny furball and saw Isaac nearby, holding another one and struggling with a baby bottle.
Ideally, their mom, Noir, should have been feeding them, but she was a bit careless, often squashing the weakest one under her weight.
This little pup was so frail and always lost out to its siblings at feeding time, leaving it constantly hungry and whining.
Max had suggested they bottle-feed this one.
Seeing Isaac trying to feed it, Max quickly took the bottle from him.
"Easy does it. If it can't swallow quick enough, it might choke."
Isaac knew Max wasn't his dad, just someone who looked just like him.
But after a few days together, he was starting to get used to him.
Still, he missed his dad terribly.
Would his dad ever come back?
He didn't dare ask, worried it would make his mom sad and put Max in an awkward spot.
As Max gently taught Isaac how to feed Little Noir, stressing the importance of patience to avoid choking, Isaac looked up at him with innocent eyes. "Daddy... um, Max."
He fumbled over the titles, each feeling awkward and heavy with longing.
He missed his dad.
In Isaac's memories, it was his dad who changed his diapers, stayed with him during fevers, and coaxed him to eat when he wasn't hungry. Now, with his dad gone, he felt lost.
This man was kind, kinder than
most, but in Isaac's world, the
somewhat childlike man who'd net
319
always been there for him was
irreplaceable. 
He knew he shouldn't feel this way, but he was barely five years old. Why couldn't he just follow his heart?
His eyes welled up, and when Max asked if he missed him, Isaac felt exposed by the man's perceptive gaze.
Embarrassed, Isaac scratched his head, his cheeks turning pink.
After feeding Little Noir, Max placed him back in his cozy bed.
"King used to feed you like this," Max mentioned, bringing up Isaac's dad.
Isaac's eyes lit up at the mention of his dad.
"Yeah."
"And when you were weaning, you gave him quite the headache, didn't you?"
"Yeah, Uncle Joseph said I would just cling to my pacifier and refuse anything else."
Max chuckled softly, ruffling Isaac's hair-a gesture so familiar it warmed Isaac's cheeks with a sense of nostalgia.
"I'm sorry."
Isaac apologized sincerely, his lashes casting shadows over his sad eyes.
"Sorry for what? You've got nothing to be sorry about, little cricket. It's us grown-ups who should be
apologizing to you." Contenvers
Max pulled him into a hug, letting out a deep sigh.
belongs
"Whatever's on your mind, just tell me. Kids shouldn't have to carry such heavy thoughts. Trust me, I'll help you sort through anything." 
Now, Isaac didn't feel any hesitation towards Max's closeness.
Though he seemed distant to outsiders, his warmth towards family ran deep and true.
No wonder Brielle was drawn to him.
But then again, Brielle loved his dad too.
Either way, his dad was just as special.
###Chapter 1428
As Brielle descended the stairs, she spotted Max, cuddling their little pup, Isaac, as they headed towards the garden. She quickened her pace to join them. "Max, I've almost got all the invitations sent out," she called out.
Their wedding was just around the corner, and the Premier Palace was a hive of activity. Ribbons, balloons, and flowers were being hauled in by the truckload. Brielle had offered to lend a hand, but Max had gently insisted she take a breather, leaving the bustling crew of over a hundred to handle the wedding arrangements. Despite Brielle's wish for a low-key gathering with friends, Max's extensive network meant the guest list was anything but small, prompting a flurry of preparation. With Isaac snug in his arms, Max stepped outside. The little pup, eyes gleaming with excitement, wriggled to get involved.
Max clearly knew what the little one loved, much like the twinkling fairy lights that adorned the inside of Premier Palace.
Once Isaac was on the ground, he scampered over to where Noir was busy with the flowers, eager to join in on the action. The sight tugged at Max's heartstrings.
A car smoothly pulled up to the mansion, and out stepped Dustin, raising an eyebrow at the bustling scene.
"Looks like everything's falling into place," he quipped.
Max gave a nod in acknowledgment, bypassing the brotherly banter someone like King might expect.
Dustin, who had known Max since their school days, couldn't resist a bit of ribbing. "Hey, weren't you all 'bro' this and 'bro' that before? What gives?"
As Dustin moved closer, reaching to clap Max on the shoulder, Max simply glanced at him and resumed orchestrating the staff.
"Buzzkill," Dustin sighed, slightly deflated.
The wedding prep at Premier Palace had been underway for about a week, enveloping the whole place in a sweet, romantic ambiance.
News had spread, and fans of Brielle and Max, still enamored with their live-streamed proposal, wished they could hover over Premier Palace for a glimpse. 
Online, fans sighed and reminisced about those streaming days, though a repeat seemed unlikely-those moments were all part of King's elaborate proposal plan. 
For Brielle, it had been an unforgettable adventure.
With just three days left till the wedding, Brielle's dress arrived, courier delivered to her doorstep. She was taken aback, not recalling a shopping trip, but the dress left her speechless with its beauty 
"Who's the designer?" she asked, eyes wide with surprise.
The staff, equally surprised by her reaction, replied, "Ms. Brielle, Mr. Dorsey designed it himself, a while back."
The mention of timing took Brielle back to their days of uncertainty in Beaconsfield, to those tender moments of vulnerability and exploration.
Tears welled up as she realized Max had been envisioning their future even then.
Slipping into the gown, she twirled, feeling every inch the bride she'd dreamed of being.
Max walked in, carrying the veil, his eyes locked onto her with deep affection.
Brielle, unable to move easily in her elaborate dress, met his gaze, a silent exchange of love and anticipation passing between them.
Max stepped forward, gently placing the veil atop her head.
"I'm no pro, and it took a lot of tweaking, but I'm just glad you like it," he murmured.
"Like it? I absolutely love it!" she exclaimed.
###Chapter 1429
She answered in a rush, her eyes shimmering with tears, turning a soft shade of red from the overwhelming emotion. Max couldn't stand seeing her cry, so he leaned in, giving her a gentle kiss. "Don't cry," he whispered.
Brielle's eyes were glistening, and she instinctively reached out to hug him, but her extravagant wedding dress made it tricky. Max knelt down, smoothing out the wrinkles in her gown, handling the fabric as if it were light as a feather. Brielle's cheeks flushed even redder, watching him kneel like that, tending to her dress with such care. It warmed her heart.
How did she get so lucky to have Max in her life? Max looked up, noticing her eyes glistening again, and chuckled softly.
"Why so many tears?" he asked.
Brielle quickly dabbed her eyes, feeling a bit embarrassed.
"I just can't help it," she admitted.
All the wedding invites had been sent, and there were more guests than she'd imagined. Besides the familiar faces, there were also some of Max's old business associates. Guests trickled into the beautifully decorated Premier Palace, the joy in the air was contagious. A red carpet stretched from the entrance to a temporary floral arch where the priest awaited.
Brielle felt like she was walking on air, surrounded by the crisp scent of Max, the aroma of wine, and the warmth of the sun. Her brother's voice cut through the moment, reminding her about the diamond-studded plane reserved for the honeymoon.
"Alright, thanks, bro," Brielle nodded, then was pulled aside by Raymond for more advice. Raymond scrutinized Max, finding flaws everywhere, unable to accept his daughter leaving the nest so soon. He wanted to vent his frustration, but seeing Brielle's happiness, he let it go.
"Our family is wealthy, so stand your ground if you ever argue, and remember, the Lynch family will always have your back," Raymond advised before Sarah gently intervened.
"That's enough, Max is a good man. He won't argue with our little girl. Let's focus on the positives," Sarah reassured, easing the tension. Max felt a wave of gratitude hearing this. "Thanks, Mom," he said.
Sarah smiled, "Just be happy, that's all I ask. Now, don't let us keep you from your vows."
Standing under the floral arch, Brielle's cheeks were a rosy pink, feeling like she was in a dream. It wasn't until everyone was looking at her that she realized it was time for her vows, quickly blurting out, "I do, I
really do." 
The guests laughed, amused by her timing. Embarrassed, she had been lost in thought during her own wedding. Max, amused, exchanged rings with her and sealed their vows with a kiss. "Brielle, I finally made you mine," he said.
Brielle looked up, pushing back her tears.
"Me too, I finally married the one who captured my heart at first glance."
Amidst applause, they shared another kiss. Isaac stood beside them, his cheeks flushed as he looked between them. Daddy and Mommy were finally together! He had a mommy now! And Little Noir too! He was over the moon.
Isaac's presence had already sparked envy among the guests. Who could have guessed the couple already had a child, and one so much like Max? The family of three stood there, their happiness painting a picture-perfect moment.
Love for them would be found in the
everyday rituals - each morning hello, each evening goodbye. They were grateful, for having each other was their greatest fortune. The ocean has its limits, the moon its phases, and life its imperfections. But with you, everything feels complete. 
Here's to a future filled with gentle moments.
(The main story wraps up here, with future updates including side stories about Brielle and Max's second child and tales about King. Thank you to everyone who's been part of their journey. Let us know whose story you'd like to see next. If a side story isn't your thing, just wait for the next one. Writing is no easy task, so thank you for your support.) 
###Chapter 1430
After attending Brielle's wedding, Tiffanie felt a bit lost as she made her way back home. Watching Brielle glide down the aisle in her stunning white dress, it was as if clouds from the heavens had wrapped around her, and Tiffanie couldn't shake the feeling that she didn't quite belong in such purity.
The car ride was unusually quiet for Tiffanie. The bold spirit she used to flaunt, with arms covered in temporary tattoos, seemed a distant memory. Now, she was just quietly heading home, trying to find her footing in a world that felt different.
Mason, sitting next to her, noticed her unease. Trying to lift her spirits, he reached into the glove compartment and pulled out a dried flower. "I made this," he said with a soft smile.
Tiffanie blinked in surprise, not quite sure why Mason had decided to craft a dried flower, though it was indeed lovely. "Remember when Maxie proposed? He talked about sharing happiness. Well, now it's our turn."
Mason knew Tiffanie was a bit envious of Brielle, though he couldn't quite figure out why. Brielle's journey with Max hadn't been easy, full of its own challenges.
Tiffanie's fingers trembled slightly as she accepted the dried flower. Before Mason could say more, a sudden video call from his job at Unicorn pulled him away, needing his attention upstairs for a couple of hours. He suggested Tiffanie relax and watch some TV in the living room. She nodded and settled in, trying to find some peace.
But peace didn't last long. About half an hour later, the doorbell rang. Another delivery-packages had been arriving frequently as they decorated their new place.
This package, though, was different.
Inside was a small USB drive. Curious, Tiffanie plugged it into her laptop, and what she saw froze her in her tracks. A video of Victoria, a ghost from her past, surfaced, showing a younger Tiffanie being mistreated. 
The video, captured by Victoria herself, showed Tiffanie in a state of helplessness, while Victoria tried to curry favor with Everett, who remained indifferent to her attempts.
The twisted nature of their
relationship left Tiffanie bewildered. Watching the video, she longed to reach through the screen and rescue that younger version of herself yet even now, she felt powerless 
QUMS
Overwhelmed, Tiffanie wanted to scream, wanted to flee, but those haunting images refused to leave her mind Alongside the video was a
handwritten note from Everett wase!
revealing his intent to send this to her long ago. Now that she was
settled, it had finally reached her.
In a rush of panic, Tiffanie grabbed her keys, feeling an urgent need to escape. The video had reopened old wounds, making her feel like her recent strides in therapy were for nothing.
Without even slipping on shoes, she dashed out, tossing her laptop into the trash can by the door, desperate to shed the weight of her past and its lingering shadows.
###Chapter 1431
Two hours slipped by in what felt like a heartbeat. Mason had just wrapped up his meeting, but as he made his way downstairs, the lobby was eerily empty, a stark contrast to the earlier hustle and bustle.
Pulling out his phone, he dialed her number, but only the cold, unyielding silence of an unanswered call met him. Panic began to creep in. He quickly had the building's surveillance footage checked, revealing Tiffanie stepping out alone, barefoot-something was definitely wrong. Mason frantically reached out to friends, asking them to help search for Tiffanie. Meanwhile, he took to the streets himself, driving through familiar roads that now felt strangely foreign.
As Tiffanie's phone went from ringing to dead, Mason's heart sank. He gripped the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white, feeling more helpless by the second. The only thing that could ease his mind was knowing Tiffanie was safe, right there in front of him. Tears brimmed in his eyes. What if she did something drastic? Hadn't she been making progress with therapy recently? Why this sudden change?
Max's team was also out searching, but in a place as vast as Beaconsfield, finding someone determined to stay hidden, especially without a phone, was like finding a needle in a haystack.
Meanwhile, Tiffanie sat on a chilly step in a quiet alley, partially sheltered from the unexpected downpour. Her pants were soaked through, but she barely noticed, lost in her own whirlwind of thoughts. The world moved around her, people hurrying by under umbrellas, while she remained still.
Her solitude was suddenly broken by a familiar voice calling out, full of urgency.
"Tiffanie!"
"Mason's here," she realized, panic rushing through her. Instinctively she tried to hide, but there was nowhere to go. In her haste, she stumbled, cutting her foot on the sharp pavement. 
The pain brought clarity. As Mason's calls grew closer, she staggered to her feet, trying to escape further into the shadows. But Mason caught up, his own clothes soaked and torn, his knee bleeding. 
"Mason, you're bleeding," she exclaimed, horrified, more worried about him than herself.
But Mason only cared about her. His voice cracked with emotion as he begged to know what was going on, to understand what was happening inside her mind.
Max's crew arrived, explaining that Mason had been clipped by a car earlier and needed to get checked out at the hospital. The news twisted Tiffanie's heart with guilt.
Amid the chaos, as rain mingled
with tears on her face, Mason pulled her into a tight embrace, whispering words of comfort. Tonight, he had braced himself for the worst possible scenarios. In his darkest moments, he imagined the O unimaginable, but finding Tiffanie, even in distress, was a glimmer of hope in the storm. 
###Chapter 1432
Tiffanie's tears mixed with the rain, making it hard to tell if she was crying or just soaked from the downpour. When Mason finally found her, he let out a relieved sigh and quickly called Max to call off the search party. "Mason, let me go with you to the hospital," Tiffanie said softly as she climbed into the car.
Mason looked at her for a long moment before he replied, "I'm fine."
He really didn't feel any pain, at least not physically. Tiffanie wanted to argue, but how could she? Tonight's chaos was her doing, and Mason had just been caught in the crossfire. She couldn't shake the thought-would Mason's life be better without her constant drama? Even though she knew it was unfair, the doubt lingered.
When they got home, Tiffanie wanted to check his injuries, but Mason had other ideas. He led her to the bathroom, filled the tub with warm water, and they both slipped in. The tub was big enough for the two of them to relax comfortably.
Seeing the bruises on his knee and thigh, Tiffanie realized he must have been hit hard. "Mason, we really should go to the hospital," she gently insisted. But Mason just continued to wash her gently, as if he hadn't heard her. After their bath, he tried to lift her, but the movement made his leg twinge with pain. Tiffanie noticed immediately, and her fingers brushed over the bruises, massaging them gently before she leaned in and kissed them softly. "Does it hurt, Mason?"
Her boldness took him back to when they first met, when Tiffanie would tease him with flirty gestures and
innocent eyes that belied the mischief behind them. Without saying a word, Mason carried her to the bed, his desire undeniable Feeling guilty and wanting to make amends, Tiffanie wrapped her arms around him as they came together. Mason stayed silent until the end, then captured her lips in a fierce kiss that left her breathless and her lip bitten. 
The next day, Tiffanie had to visit her therapist. After a brief chat, the therapist pulled Mason aside.
"She's putting up walls again. Something's bothering her. You should try talking to her; she's not opening up to me."
Mason, lighting a cigarette, thought back on everything. He remembered seeing Tiffanie on surveillance with a laptop, which he found later in the trash outside his house. He took the laptop to his car and opened it, finding a USB still plugged in. 
The files inside broke his heart. One video focused on little Tiffanie's eyes, full of innocence and despair. It was painful to watch, imagining adults unloading their frustrations on such a young child. 
Tears welled up as he saw Victoria and Everett humiliating Tiffanie, making her act like a dog just to get a meal. She looked so fragile back then.
Her weak "woof" was met with laughter from Victoria and Everett, a cruel reminder of the abuse she endured.
###Chapter 1433
Mason pulled out a cigarette, lighting it quietly as he watched the screen, tears streaming down his face. It all happened over a decade ago; there was no way he could turn back time to save her. If only time machines were real, he'd pay any price to go back and be by her side. The cigarette burned out, yet the video kept playing. It wasn't just one clip but a series of them, pieced together, showing Tiffanie's constant encounters with violence. Mason couldn't watch any longer; even as an outsider, it was heart-wrenching. He could only imagine how shattered Tiffanie must've felt living through all that. It was a miracle she survived, maybe even a touch of divine grace. Still, he couldn't shake off the guilt of wishing for her to keep living, to truly live.
The car was steeped in silence, each swallow felt like a struggle. The floor was littered with cigarette butts, yet the video kept dragging on. It just wouldn't end. He shut off the video, burying his face in his hands, his shoulders trembling slightly. Then his phone rang. It was Tiffanie, asking where he was. Mason quickly wiped his tears. "I'm out. I'll be back soon," he replied. "Okay," she said, hanging up, her gaze lost in the living room TV.
An hour later, Mason returned with a load of groceries, saying he'd gone out to buy some fruit. Tiffanie wasn't eating much these days, though she wasn't feeling nauseous anymore. Still, she wouldn't eat unless reminded.
So, Mason set up alarms in the kitchen for meal times, gently nudging Tiffanie to eat. He even sliced the fruit into daily portions, ensuring that each meal included a bit of his effort.
Seeing him busy in the kitchen,
Tiffanie shuffled over in her slippers,
standing at the doorway. Mason, utterly absorbed in his cooking, looked like an artist perfecting his masterpiece. His hands moved with grace, and everything he made
tasted just as good. 
But today felt different. He wouldn't meet her eye, a knot of anxiety twisting in her stomach. Had he discovered what she feared most? If he'd seen those videos, it would be devastating.
She quickly left the living room, checking yesterday's trash. Thankfully, the computer was still there, and right on cue, the garbage truck arrived, whisking away all of her worries.
That night, they had a meal together, but Tiffanie couldn't sleep, feeling restless from eating too much. She slipped out to the balcony, staring out at the night sky.
Soon, she heard Mason calling her name, his voice shifting from confusion to panic. He searched everywhere, even behind the curtains, before rushing downstairs to change shoes, ready to search outside.
Realizing he was looking for her, Tiffanie finally spoke up. "Mason." His body froze, his eyes warming with emotion. He turned to see her on the balcony, her hair catching the night breeze, looking so gentle and beautiful. 
"What's up?" she asked. Mason shook his head, his racing heart settling, relieved she hadn't vanished like before. Breathing a sigh of relief, he turned to go back inside, but as he bent to change his shoes tears fell again. t
Lately, he'd cried more than he thought was possible for a man. But the fear was real, his hands still trembling as he held his shoes.
###Chapter 1434
Having been through that kind of panic before, Mason just couldn't stomach the idea of going through it again. He knew it was only a matter of time before he unraveled completely. Whenever Tiffanie was out of sight, he couldn't shake the fear that something might have
set her off, that she might slip away quietly to end it all.
Instead of heading upstairs, Mason stood frozen in the foyer, tears splattering onto the floor. After waiting upstairs for what felt like forever, Tiffanie eventually came down to find him still standing there.
"Mason?" she called softly. He looked up, his face wiped clean, managing a weak smile.
"Just got lost in my thoughts. Why didn't you wait in bed?"
"I was worried," she admitted. "You didn't come back, and I thought something might've happened."
Mason put his shoes back in their spot, his eyelashes trembling slightly. "It's okay. Let's head back to bed."
Tiffanie nodded, and they made their way back upstairs.
The next morning, the psychologist dropped by again. Tiffanie still felt uneasy around him. She couldn't bring herself to share the contents of the video she had seen with Mason. Although she had already confided in the psychologist about her past, seeing it was entirely different from talking about it.
She was constantly on edge, fearing more copies of the video might exist, that Everett had set things up so these videos would keep coming. It was only a matter of time before Mason stumbled upon one. Just imagining it was enough to unravel her.
The psychologist pulled Mason aside, noting the dark circles that had taken up residence under his eyes. "Mr. Dorsey, you need to take care of yourself. You look like you haven't slept in days."
Back in North America, Mason had been a mess, barely catching any sleep. Now, in Beaconsfield, he was still living in a state of constant dread. His dark circles were deepening, a glaring sign of his sleep deprivation. "How's she doing?" Mason asked, worry etched on his face.
"Tiffanie's been triggered by something she saw recently, dredging up her darkest fears. I think it's best to give her some space to settle herself down."
Mason just nodded, lost in thought. Meanwhile, folks in North America were on his case about Everett's body, which had been left unclaimed for too long. They wanted to know when he'd come to sort things out. Initially, Mason was all set to handle Everett's funeral, but Tiffanie's fragile emotional state kept him by her side. This delay couldn't go on any longer; he had to make that trip to North America.
But Tiffanie, having just escaped from there, wouldn't want to go back. Leaving her alone wasn't an option he could live with.
With no other choice, Mason reached out to Max, laying it all out for him. Max frowned, deep lines creasing his forehead. "I'll get someone to keep an eye on things here. You go sort out the funeral."
Mason sighed with relief, catching a flight that night, eager to wrap up Everett's affairs. He felt no warmth towards Everett, especially after all the awful things he'd done. Mason honestly wished he could just leave Everett's body somewhere remote, to be picked clean by wild animals. It seemed like only then would his
bitterness fade away.
But he couldn't do that, not with his mother's last wishes in mind. She had loved Everett fiercely, enough to face the world and bring him into it. She'd said if Mason ever found his father, to take him to see her. Mason couldn't help but wonder if the man he was about to bury was still the same person his mother had loved. The shining star, playing the piano on stage, had long vanished.
He visited his mother's old room
again. Thinking back to the last argument with Tiffanie there, his eyes misted over. Now, he understood Tiffanie's mindset back then; wishing that even in death, his mother wouldn't find peace. of her spirit lingered in this room, seeing her son tangled up with the Dorsey family would surely cause her unrest, even in the afterlife. 
But Mason held no grudges against Tiffanie. In fact, his love for her far outweighed any resentment. He
knew the innocence, naivety, and et
mischief she showed when she clung to him were all an act. But he couldn't help it; he was already in too deep. Since he had fallen for her, he had to own up to it. 
###Chapter 1435
Mason made his way to Chinatown to pick up some spirit money, which he then burned in the room for his mom.
"She was truly wonderful."
All his emotions boiled down to that one sentence.
On the day Mason laid Everett to rest, Lewis somehow caught wind of it and suggested they grab a drink.
Honestly, Mason wasn't too thrilled about it. But with his flight scheduled for the next day, and the thought of spending another night alone in his tiny apartment, he figured meeting up with Lewis was the lesser of two evils. When Lewis saw Mason, he was taken aback.
In such a short time, Mason had lost a tonne of weight, and exhaustion was etched into his features.
"Is Tiffanie still giving you a hard time?"
Mason nodded, managing a tired smile.
Lewis knew all about Tiffanie's situation and rubbed his temples with concern.
"Still not cooperating with her doctor?"
"She was willing before, but now she's not."
"Mason, you need to see a doctor yourself. You look worn out. You can't keep on like this."
Mason knew this too well. Even after coming to North America, sleep had been elusive. The only peace he found was in the brief moments he talked to Tiffanie on the phone.
Lewis, while cleaning his glasses, spoke the harsh truth.
"Have you thought about how being
tangled up with someone like her could steal your peace? Most of us crave tranquility and happiness. We look for partners who are equals, supportive, not burdens. But
Tiffanie... she doesn't fit that mold." 
If Mason had other family or friends, Tiffanie wouldn't even be in the running for a partner.
It was one thing for her not to care about living, but she was dragging Mason down with her. That was the reality.
"If love can't heal, it only makes things worse. In the end, Mason, it'll drag you down too."
"If you don't love her that much,
maybe it's time to let go," Lewis continued, his voice calm. "I see my
paston you. My girlfriend als ed
depression." 
Mason blinked, surprised, looking up at the man who seemed so put together. Lewis had finished cleaning his glasses and put them back on.
"It wasn't as severe as Tiffanie's. She just avoided socializing, preferred to stay home alone. We met in college, and I really loved her. My family's well-off, and had a good job. She Thad could've easily been a homemaker. But her mood swings were
unbearable. Every day, I'd come bet
home to her breakdowns. She was so needy, throwing fits whenever I was away. Balancing work and her was exhausting, plus her family drama didn't help. They were always fighting, making her even more irritable. I only lasted a year before I couldn't bear going home. I thought I'd miss her, but when she moved out, I felt this huge relief, like I was finally starting fresh. My career soared without someone constantly crying or dumping negativity on me. She was the most dramatic person I've ever met." 
Lewis frowned as he recalled those days.
"Breaking up was the best decision I ever made. Maybe someone else could help her, but it definitely wasn't me."
Mason stayed quiet, staring at his drink.
"So, Mason, I hope you can cut your losses in time. I've heard about your family; with both parents gone, you're free. Why tie yourself down?" Lewis was the picture of rationality, refusing any deviation from his life's plan.
Just as Mason was about to speak, a woman from the next table stood up and drenched Lewis with her coffee.
###Chapter 1436
The woman stood there, her oversized sunglasses perched on her nose, arms crossed, with a smirk playing on her lips. "Wow, Dr. Lewis, is this really how you see me after all these years?" Lewis raised an eyebrow, leisurely picking up a napkin to dab at the coffee stains on his face. "Years have passed, but some things never change, Kailee."
Kailee took off her sunglasses, revealing her delicate features. "Good thing I showed up today, or I'd have missed hearing you badmouthing me. Funny, because in my eyes, you're still the same old drama king. Oh, and just so you know, I moved on ages ago. The guy I'm into now? He's miles better than you. But of course, you'd only talk trash behind my back."
And to think I once thought I couldn't live without him, what a joke!
What's he even going on about?!
Lewis calmly set down the napkin and adjusted his glasses with a small push. "If you're so into him, is he even interested in marrying you?"
Kailee stumbled over her words, suddenly feeling a bit sheepish. Of course not. King had just married Brielle recently. It infuriated her. Why didn't King choose her instead? Now she was left arguing with her so-called ex without a leg to stand on! Seeing her flustered expression, Lewis knew the man didn't want her, and he chuckled lightly. "Ah, unrequited love, huh?"
Kailee was trembling with anger, this jerk. After dumping her, she ran off to the Middle East, only to fall for King, who didn't even notice her. It wasn't like she was severely depressed back then. She was just under a lot of stress from the Sanchez family, and with her brother too busy, her mood was occasionally off. Sure, she might have lost her temper at him, okay maybe dozens of times, but how dare he talk behind her back like this?
"Ironically, my luck has only gotten better since we split. Looks like the problem wasn't me, Dr. Lewis, it was you. You're like a bad omen."
Lewis's brow furrowed as he glanced at her wrist, gaudily adorned with multiple diamond bracelets a total nouveau riche vibe and he scoffed. "Indeed, seems like life's treating you well. What, did your boyfriend gift you these for his 60th birthday?" Kailee, not the quickest with comebacks, turned red and fumed in silence. She shot a look at Mason, smirking. "Stay away from this heartless guy. Who knows when you'll be next on his hit list!"
With that, she grabbed her purse and stormed off without hesitation.
Lewis, coffee-stained but unfazed, turned to Mason. "See, if I hadn't broken up with her, can you imagine being stuck with that? Even if her depression's better, that princess attitude hasn't shifted an inch."
Mason's lips twitched, taken aback by Lewis's bluntness. "Lewis, thanks for the advice today."
Mason stood up, insisting on picking up the tab. "But I'm not planning on breaking up. Being with her doesn't feel like torture; it actually brings me peace. Maybe you're right, I might need to see a therapist too.
Lewis remained silent for a moment before chuckling softly. "Sorry, I shouldn't have projected my own experience onto you. I was too young back then, maybe not strong enough to handle it."
Mason thought back to the woman's
temper and didn't say much. It was hard to imagine someone as spoiled as Lewis's ex-girlfriend. With his personality, was he really willing to indulge someone like that? But it
in
was none of his business.
After leaving the café, he returned to his small house. He had only managed to get a ticket for the next day. Tonight, he would be alone again.
Tiffanie sent him a photo of flowers she'd picked from the garden. Looking at the picture made Mason's heart feel warm.
Dinner time was approaching. What
should he eat?
arranged fo Before he left, he had
someone to cook for
Tiffanie at home, reminding her every dinner time. Not wanting him to worry, Tiffanie diligently sent photos of her meals-breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks. 
Seeing her eating more and more each day brought warmth to Mason's eyes. Tiffanie sent another message. "Hehe, Mason, I think I've gained a few pounds. What should I do? Do I have a double chin now?" She had been punishing herself, deliberately starving. How could she have a double chin? "You don't have a double chin. You look great. I'll see for myself when I get back."
Tiffanie immediately sent a selfie. Mason smiled and replied with two words. "So cute."
###Chapter 1437
When Mason finally put down his phone, he let out a subtle sigh of relief. Since arriving in North America a few days ago, Tiffanie seemed to be making progress, albeit slowly.
Her therapist had called, mentioning she was still a bit resistant. "She seems to trust only you right now, willing to share her thoughts and feelings. If you keep engaging with her and reassure her that she's safe, she might start to improve." "But, Mr. Mason, that's only if you don't grow weary of the situation."
It's human nature, after all. Initially, a sense of duty keeps you going. But over time, even the most patient partners can feel overwhelmed. Everyone has their own life to live, their own battles to fight. Sooner or later, they start to feel drained, just like Lewis mentioned. Mason pondered for a moment before asking, "So, you're saying if I stick by her, she'll get better?"
As long as he doesn't let go, she'll get back on her feet?
"Yes, Tiffanie has started eating again," the therapist replied.
A wave of relief washed over Mason, warmth flooding his eyes. "I understand. I'll stick by her, no matter what."
The therapist didn't offer any more opinions. He had seen many cases like this. Often, partners would start the journey together but end up parting ways by the end of it. Relationships are supposed to enrich your emotional life. If all you get is negativity, it's only natural to think about leaving.
He wasn't sure where Mason would end up. But considering Tiffanie's past, full of sorrow and despair, he hoped she'd have someone to stand by her.
By the time Mason returned to Beaconsfield, Tiffanie was there to pick him up. She had been waiting outside for a while before she finally saw Mason emerge. Spotting him, she leaped up and waved excitedly. Seeing her bouncing around, Mason felt a rush of relief. He grabbed his suitcase and headed over with brisk steps.
"Mason!"
Her face lit up with a smile. When he got close, she found herself in a warm hug. Mason kissed her neck, suitcase in one hand, her hand in the other.
"I thought I told you not to wait for me."
"I got bored at home," she replied with a playful whine, tugging at his shirt.
"Mason, let's go on a trip. Maxie gave me loads of money, said I could spend my whole life and never run out."
Mason was about to reflect on the kindness within the Dorsey family. Max, usually cold and detached towards others, seemed genuinely caring towards his own. Without that sliver of warmth from Max Tiffanie might not have made it through her darkest moments. Countless times, she stood on the brink, only to step back, thinking of Max. 
"Where do you want to go?" Mason asked, leading her to the car, his voice soothing.
Caught off guard, Tiffanie couldn't immediately reply. "How about we chase the Northern Lights?"
Her eyes sparkled at the suggestion, and she hugged him tightly. "Yes, that sounds amazing."
Mason, seeing her smile, felt a wave of affection. Despite Lewis's warnings, the thought of leaving Tiffanie never truly crossed his
mind. It wasn't about others who
might choose to walk away; it was
about the joy Tiffanie brought him, making every challenge worth facing. 
After deciding on the Northern
Lights, Mason began to plan their
adventure. Tiffanie wasn't much for planning, her strengths lying
elsewhere. Her main pastime was chatting with Max, despite his usual indifference. 
en FindNovel
"Maxie, Mason's taking me to see the Northern Lights!"
"Is that so? That's wonderful."
"It must be cold there, and I've heard only the lucky ones catch a glimpse of the aurora."
"Yes."
"Mason's working out the details. We'll pack plenty of warm clothes. I'll take lots of pictures for you." "No need."
"Maxie, talking to you makes me really happy."
"As long as you're happy."
Content, Tiffanie set aside her phone, diving back into travel discussions with Mason.
###Chapter 1438
Max was kicking back in his office at the newly relocated DreamTech Designs headquarters in Beaconsfield. This building used to house Dorsey International before it got bought out and now served as the bustling hub for DreamTech's top brass. The conference room was unusually quiet, with everyone waiting for Max to say something. But there he was, casually scrolling through his phone, seemingly unfazed by their anticipation.
Patrick stood just behind him, noticing Max was caught up in a chat with Tiffanie. Given that Tiffanie was seeing a therapist and was emotionally fragile, Patrick wasn't surprised. Ignoring her could be devastating, and despite Max's replies being short and seemingly indifferent, the fact that he was replying amidst a room full of waiting execs told a different story. He wasn't indifferent; he just wasn't great at small talk.
Once he was sure Tiffanie wouldn't text again soon, Max finally set his phone aside. "Let's get back to the report," he said.
The execs let out a collective breath of relief, having mistaken Max's serious look for annoyance or the calm before a storm. With the meeting back on track, the atmosphere lightened considerably.
Mason had promised Tiffanie a trip to see the Northern Lights, and she was buzzing with excitement. Before they left, Mason felt the need to thank Max. Over the years, Max's subtle support had been a lifeline for Tiffanie, helping her hold on.
Even though Mason couldn't go
back in time to save Tiffanie himself,
Max had been her steady anchor. His care was understated but unwavering. Through her chats with Max, Tiffanie gradually remembered how she used to reach out for help in her own quiet ways-asking for financial aid when she was broke, and Max, without a second thought, would hand over his credit card, making sure she never had to stoop to survive. 
Max's credit cards had become Tiffanie's refuge during her toughest times, letting her find a sense of purpose by supporting models and celebs. Despite Max's own
reservations and everyone knowing he wasn't a Dorsey by blood, he never hesitated to help Tiffanie. His financial support, though
materialistic, was a form of care she desperately needed.
She held on until she met Mason, giving her yet another reason to live.
As they boarded the plane to Iceland, Tiffanie was captivated by the clouds outside her window, a view she often ignored despite her frequent flights. Now, every fluffy cloud seemed charming.
Mason sat beside her, holding her hand tightly. The biting cold of Iceland's sub-zero temperatures might have been daunting, but with Mason's careful planning, Tiffanie didn't have a care in the world.
Bundled up like a penguin, she
waddled out of the hotel and promptly fell into the snow. Mason rushed to help her but ended up
tumbling in too. As they picked net
themselves up, covered in snow with snowflakes on their eyebrows, they couldn't help but burst into laughter. 
###Chapter 1439
Mason quickly brushed the snowflakes off Tiffanie's cheeks with a gentle hand.
"Are you cold?" he asked, his concern evident. Even though his own face was layered with snow, his first thought was still about her. Tiffanie smiled and returned the gesture, gently wiping snow from his face. Once they both stood up, Mason dusted off her coat.
"Be careful out here," he advised.
"I know," Tiffanie replied with a grin, her eyes sparkling with warmth.
They stood outside, waiting eagerly for the Northern Lights, but all they heard from the locals was bad news-the Lights wouldn't be showing up that day, and the weather wasn't looking promising for the next few days either. Feeling a bit let down, Tiffanie sighed, and Mason wrapped his arms around her comfortingly. "We'll stay until we see the Northern Lights, then we can head back," he assured her.
"Alright," she agreed.
Their wait stretched into a week. Iceland's perpetual snow and limited meat options weren't easy to adjust to, and both found themselves losing weight. Tiffanie, especially, was worried about Mason.
"If we don't see them today, let's go home. You've lost weight, and I've already booked our flights for tomorrow," she said, concern lining her voice.
Mason was taken aback, insisting she cancel the tickets, but Tiffanie's eyes were already misty. "Now I understand how you felt when I wouldn't eat," she confessed, her words hitting them both deeply. Mason sighed heavily. "Cancel the tickets. I promised we wouldn't leave until we saw them."
As they held hands and walked outside, Tiffanie suddenly let out a delighted scream.
"Mason! Mason! Look!" she exclaimed, pointing excitedly.
Following her gaze, Mason saw it-the Northern Lights, shimmering like emeralds in the sky, a breathtaking sight that seemed to symbolize hope.
He was transfixed, watching them for what felt like an eternity. Tiffanie, overcome with joy, ran around before darting back to him and leaping into his arms.
"The Northern Lights! Did you see them?!"
"I saw," he replied, catching her smoothly.
Tiffanie slid down and quickly sent a photo to Max. "Max, after a week, Mason and I finally saw the Northern Lights. Check it out!"
Max, amidst a meeting, responded promptly. "Wow, congrats."
Just as Tiffanie was about to reply, she noticed the dried flower again-the one Mason had given her, the one he'd painstakingly dried himself, and the same one present at Maxie's proposal. 
"Tiffanie," Mason called softly. "You lost it last time, but I found it again. Can we start over?"
His voice was tentative, unsure if he was pushing too fast, but the Northern Lights were said to bring happiness, and lovers who saw them were meant to be together. Tiffanie stared at the flower, surprised that Mason had brought it all the way to Iceland. Words failed her.
Thinking she was unsure, Mason began to pull back, ready to accept her decision. But she took the flower, tears welling in her eyes.
"Yeah," she finally said softly.
Surprise and joy lit up Mason's eyes, his voice thick with emotion. "From now on, can you promise not to wander off?"
"Yeah," she nodded.
"Tiffanie," he said again.
"Yeah?"
"I love you. I know you might not always like hearing it, but I need to say it. I love you."
Tiffanie looked down at the flower, tears spilling over. "I... I love you too, Mason."
Mason's smile was tender as he pulled her into a tight embrace. "That's all I needed to hear."
They held each other tightly for a good ten minutes before finally letting go. They sat there,
contentedly watching the Northern
Lights a bit longer before heading
back to the hotel. 
toFindNovel
For a couple who had decided to be together, their last night in Iceland was understandably intense. The next morning, Tiffanie's legs wobbled as she got out of bed.
Mason, nearby, carefully picked out
her clothes and helped her dress After the long night, her cheeks were still flushed, and with a big beanie hat now perched on her head, her face looked even smaller. 
Mason couldn't resist giving her cheeks a playful pinch, finding her utterly adorable.
###Chapter 1440
As Tiffanie was about to board the plane, she felt the need to send Max one last text.
"Maxie, Mason and I are on our way back. We spent last night under the Northern Lights-it was magical."
Right then, Max was chilling with Isaac, watching Little Noir. When he saw the message, he shot back a quick reply.
"Got it."
"Mason said he loves me, hehe."
"Congrats."
Just as he sent the "congrats," his phone buzzed with a $30 million deposit alert.
"Treat yourself to something nice."
That was Max's way of showing he cared-Tiffanie was used to it by now.
"Thanks, Maxie."
As she and Mason got on the plane, she felt a bit torn about leaving. The local food wasn't her favorite, but the week full of anticipation and holding hands under the Northern Lights was something she'd cherish forever. Settling into her seat, a smile spread across her face, feeling like she was on a flight straight to happiness.
Mason sat beside her, relieved to see her mood had steadied.
This time, his relief was real. Even though he knew he'd still have those moments of panic, waking up at night to find her gone, those worries seemed small compared to the joy they were in right now.
He loved Tiffanie and was ready to face the pain of searching for her, of healing her hurts.
Their fingers intertwined, and Tiffanie couldn't help but squeeze back.
As the plane cut through the clouds, sunlight poured in through the window, bright and blinding. Tiffanie squinted against the glare, feeling bathed in a sea of light.
"Mason, look."
Just like the night she had nudged him to watch the Northern Lights, she shook his hand again. Mason, playing along, leaned over to glance at the sun, grinning. "Yeah, it's gorgeous."
Tiffanie leaned closer to the window, where beams
the
golden
white clouds and each.
mingled, almost within
Sunfeach.
In that moment's beauty, all the ugly, painful memories seemed to fade away.
"You know, the day I ran away was because I saw a video. My mom recorded all those times she
mistreated me. Everett probably et
didn't want me dragging you into my mess, so he sent it as a warning." 
She thought Mason didn't know.
But Mason had seen the video already.
"Yeah, but that's all behind us now."
He kept holding her hand and kissed it lightly.
"Forget about that stuff. Remember the Northern Lights we waited a whole week for. Remember the sun breaking through the clouds on our way back, sunlight like gold, clouds like cotton. I'm here with you, and remember that flower Maxie mentioned, the one that brings happiness. Just hold onto these memories, okay?" 
Tiffanie turned to him, her smile lighting up her face, eyes crinkled with joy.
"Okay, Mason."
The way she said his name was soft and playful.
Mason cradled her face, kissing her lips like it was a promise.
"Just keep these memories, that's all you need. We're together now; don't worry about a thing."
He'd take care of everything-from cooking to cleaning-so she wouldn't have to lift a finger. "Okay, Mason."
She repeated, and Mason couldn't help but smile back.
They locked eyes, and before they knew it, both were laughing.
###Chapter 1441
Returning to Beaconsfield had really lifted Tiffanie's spirits. For ages, she'd been reluctant to reconnect with her old friends, but recently, she found herself eager to hang out with them again. It was like a weight had been lifted.
Still, she couldn't shake this unsettling feeling that someone was tailing her. Probably just her imagination, she mused. Mason would never do something like that, and it's not like she had any enemies lurking around Beaconsfield. Especially now, when she'd promised herself to live life to its fullest, with everything finally falling into place. She was even busy decorating the villa Maxie had gifted her. She hadn't put much effort into decorating before moving in, but now it felt like the right time. Tiffanie always leaned towards a cool, edgy vibe, but she worried Mason might not be into it. After hours of chatting, it was clear Mason just wanted her to be happy, whatever style she chose.
She wanted to buy everything in sight, with Mason's credit card seemingly having no limit.
So, she dove into furniture shopping. When the delivery crew came to move her purchases in, one of the movers, wearing a cap, asked for her number to coordinate a second delivery. Without much thought, she handed it over and kept browsing through the luxury furniture store, making sure the first batch of her picks was sent home first.
Just as she was about to choose a vanity, her phone buzzed with a text.
"I never thought you'd be living it up so well after all these years."
She frowned, puzzled about who it was from, and ignored it, focusing back on the coffee table. But then her phone buzzed again with another message.
Tiffanie's heart pounded, panic clawing at her as she glanced around nervously.
"You and Victoria look similar. Honestly, when me and my brothers messed with Victoria, never thought she'd climb so high. Michael's got skills. Everyone else is gone, only I made it out."
"Changing my name and keeping a low profile, I dodged that old guy's revenge. Lived in Beaconsfield all these years, and figured out Victoria had a daughter. Seeing you today, I'm sure you're her daughter, my daughter. You've got the best of both of us. Hello, my dear daughter."
Clutching her phone tight, Tiffanie lost all interest in shopping. She needed to get home. Her legs felt like jelly, as if her buried fears had resurfaced.
"Had no idea one of them survived. How could there be someone left?"
"The furniture you picked is pretty
nice, and it's pricey too, worth millions. Seems like your boyfriend's spoiling you big time. Wonder if he'd feel the same if he knew your backstory. If you don't want spilling the beans, transfer ten
el?
me
million to this account." 
Feeling dizzy, Tiffanie leaned against the wall for support.
The sales assistant, noticing her distress, came over with concern. "Tiffanie, are you okay?"
To Tiffanie, everyone seemed like a threat. She instinctively shrugged off the assistant's hand. "Need some water?" the assistant offered, a bit awkwardly.
set
Shaking her head, Tiffanie slowly sank into a nearby chair, her hands trembling as she tried to call Mason
but couldn't dial his numbo Mason
19?
shaky fingers. 
her
Seeing her struggle, the assistant took Tiffanie's phone and dialed Mason's number for her.
Mason was at home, arranging their newly bought items, when he got the call. His heart warmed at the mention of Tiffanie's name. "What's wrong?"
"Hello, sir, Tiffanie isn't feeling well. I'll send you the address."
Mason's heart skipped a beat. He quickly delegated the furniture setup to the new housekeeper and rushed to Tiffanie's side.
Huddled on a mall bench,
surrounded by concerned strangers
yet silent, Tiffanie waited until
Mason arrived. Her eyes lit up upon seeing him, and she slowly stood. 
"Mason," she whispered, tears flowing freely.
###Chapter 1442
Mason felt a sharp ache in his chest, echoing the turmoil Tiffanie was experiencing. It was like she was back on the day she ran away from home. The difference was, back then, she wanted to shut everyone out, but now, she was searching for herself. He quickly made his way over, first apologizing to the others, then gently taking her hand. "What's going on? Did something happen? Did someone hurt you?"
Tiffanie let out a breath she didn't know she was holding. Just moments ago, her world was a foggy mess, but now, things started to clear up. She nestled her face into Mason's chest, taking a deep breath, feeling her strength trickling back. Mason wrapped his arms around her, softly patting her back. He didn't press her for answers, just waited until she was ready to look up. In the past, she would have never let him see what was on her phone. Everyone in love fears revealing their vulnerabilities.
But Mason had already seen her at rock bottom. He had watched her struggle and never once turned away. If she kept hiding now, their trip to see the Northern Lights would lose its meaning. As long as she believed that happiness with Mason was possible, they could face anything together.
"I got some texts," she said, handing over her phone-a huge step for someone fighting severe depression. Mason had never touched her phone before, so he knew how much this meant.
He took a deep breath, got her into the car, and checked the messages. His expression turned dark. "I've already called the police. Don't worry about it."
Tiffanie nodded, and Mason slipped her phone into his pocket instead of giving it back. "Stay off your phone for a few days. Trust me, I'll handle everything." She nodded again, her worries melting away, tears welling up in her eyes. "Mason, I trust you."
Hearing that, Mason felt a lump in his throat. He wasn't sure if he had really reached her heart, but her willingness to open up to him meant everything.
The police soon caught the man, who had been hiding among the
movers. As they took him away, he shot Tiffanie a venomous look. "You little rat, calling the cops! You and your mom are no different. Don't
think having a guy changes a thing.
You're all the same, ha!"
"Just thinking of Victoria begging for mercy cracks me up. What a stroke of luck, messing up a Dorsey girl and even having a kid with her. What a ride, ha!"
Mason didn't say a word, just covered Tiffanie's ears. She kept her face buried in his chest, blocking out the man's crazed rant.
Everyone in the Dorsey family knew Tiffanie's story; Victoria had been attacked and then married Everett, who became the child's stepfather. But Victoria couldn't bring herself to leave Everett. As long as she stayed, the Dorseys used their power to keep Everett close. 
as a
Tiffanie clung tightly to Mason's shirt, her eyes filled with sadness. Mason sensed her pain and felt a deep connection with her at that moment. No one could easily accept having such a despicable mana father. It reminded him of the time he turned a corner to find Victoria furiously stabbing Everett. It was like the world had gone mad. 
###Chapter 1443
Tiffanie was probably feeling the same way at that moment.
Here they were, two people carrying their own hidden struggles, laying bare their deepest wounds to each other. They held on tight, finding comfort in each other's arms. The guy was quickly bundled into the police car, still kicking up a fuss and spewing curses that even the cops were tired of hearing.
Once peace settled back in, Mason let go of Tiffanie's ears and sighed softly.
"What do you feel like eating tonight?" he asked.
Tiffanie was still gripping his shirt, silent.
Mason gave her a gentle pat on the back. "How about I cook something special? We can have a movie night in."
That got her attention. She blinked her tearful eyes and looked up at him. "Seen any good movies lately?"
In that moment, she seemed so delicate, like she might break at the slightest touch.
Growing up, she had been surrounded by people who were twisted and dark, never really learning what love was.
Mason's heart ached for her. It felt like he'd spent his whole life saving up all his tenderness just for her.
"I'm not sure, but let's hold off on buying more furniture. I'll set up the home theater soon. Then I'll make some snacks, and we can munch while we watch." Tiffanie felt a bit lighter, like she'd just let go of a heavy load. "Okay, can I have some pretzels? And maybe a fruit platter? Oh, and can you make popcorn?" She glanced down at her stomach. "Mason, do you think I've gained weight?"
Mason wrapped her in his arms and kissed her. "Nah, you look perfect. A little extra just makes you cuter."
His words lit up her face with a smile. "Then I'll watch you cook."
Mason nodded, heading inside, tying an apron around his waist before washing his hands and getting to work.
Tiffanie, not much of a cook,
fluttered around him, stealing a few pieces of popcorn when he wasn't
looking. They were asn't
Mason
QUMS
hes a natural in the kitchen
Even if he was trying a new recipe, he could make it taste amazing just by following a video. 
He whipped up a bunch of snacks in no time, but Tiffanie, nibbling the whole time, was nearly stuffed.
Mason carried everything to the coffee table in their makeshift cinema and dimmed the lights. Tiffanie, not a big movie fan and feeling full, declined the popcorn Mason offered. "I'm stuffed." Mason set the popcorn aside, taking his time. "How about we take a little walk to digest?"
Tiffanie didn't catch his drift until she found herself gently nudged onto the couch, her cheeks turning pink. Mason's hand rested on her stomach, feeling its fullness. "Yep, definitely full."
Tiffanie squirmed, trying to get away, but he held her legs.
"Let's go get our marriage license tomorrow," he said.
Tiffanie froze, wondering if she'd heard right.
Mason gave her cheek a playful pinch. "I want to get married soon. Everything I have is yours. Just promise you won't leave me 
Her voice softened, "Okay."
Mason smiled, calling her "my wife."
QUMS
Tiffanie felt a tingle all over, curious about when Mason had picked up such cheeky habits.
###Chapter 1444
After splashing Lewis with a steaming cup of coffee, Kailee stomped back home, still seething from their encounter. It gnawed at her that she hadn't quite delivered the blow she intended. Flopping onto her couch, she glared at the diamond bracelets on her wrist, their sparkle almost blinding. Were they really that over-the-top?
The thought of Lewis's smug, Ivy-League demeanor and his backstabbing ways made her blood boil. She was so furious, she couldn't even think about eating.
That jerk, digging up ancient history like it was yesterday!
After brooding for two solid days, Kailee had had enough. She picked up the phone and called her brother, Joseph.
"Hey, I need you to take someone out for me!"
Joseph, hanging out in Beaconsfield, was eagerly waiting for his own boss to return, fed up with watching Patrick strut around like he owned the place.
"What's up, Sis? Who's got you all worked up this time?"
"Remember that boyfriend I had back in school?"
Joseph tried to recall but came up empty. Maybe it was because Kailee had always insisted she'd never been dumped, preferring to claim that King was her first love.
"Didn't you say that Mr. Perfect was your first love?"
Joseph was confused but listened as his sister unabashedly declared, "I had to say that to catch him, right? Now, if I like someone new, he's my first love. No past, no exes, you know? Guys are funny like that." Joseph smirked, rubbing his temples.
"So, what did this ex do to tick you off this time?"
Kailee took a deep breath and unleashed a torrent of complaints about Lewis, sparing no insults until she felt a tad better.
"He dumped me, said I'd ruin his
future, his luck, and a bunch of other nonsense. Looked down on me, so I went to the Bahamas to clear my head. Sure, I've got a temper, but he was asking for it, right? Just up and dumps me, the nerve! With his smug face acting all superior while trashing me. I'll get him back, one day." 
Joseph set his phone aside, leisurely finished his drink, and after Kailee's rage ran its course, he asked, "So, how do you want to get back at him?" "Get him fired from the hospital! I can't stand even looking at him!"
"Okay, sure."
Kailee's mood instantly brightened.
"Thanks, bro."
Of course, Joseph wasn't actually planning to do anything. Ever since gaining some clout, he'd been fielding Kailee's daily dramatic calls about someone supposedly "asking for it. By afternoon, she'd often call back, saying the person wasn't so bad after all. 
So, as always, Joseph did nothing after hanging up.
Feeling much lighter, Kailee happily went off to ride her horse.
But, as fate would have it, too much happiness can lead to trouble. As she imagined Lewis getting canned, grinning from ear to ear, her horse suddenly bolted, leaving her with bruises and a particularly painful
injury in a sensitive spot.
Rushed to the hospital, wincing with every step, she ditched all pretense of being ladylike, desperate for a doctor to assure her everything was... intact. Then in strolled Lewis.
"What seems to be the problem today?"
Their eyes met, and it was like flint striking steel.
Kailee glared so fiercely she nearly jumped up, but a sharp jolt of pain had her cringing and collapsing back onto the bed, utterly defeated.
###Chapter 1445
Lewis spotted her and raised an eyebrow, adjusting his glasses with a casual flick. "Feeling a bit off, are we?"
Kailee shot back with a sardonic laugh.
"Seeing you makes me queasy! Get me a different doctor, for crying out loud!"
There was no way she'd let Lewis know she'd been so full of herself that she fell off her horse and got hurt. Now, something was throbbing painfully, and she was on the brink of tears.
But like it or not, Lewis was the only doctor around.
He shut the exam room door and pulled the curtains closed, making Kailee swallow hard, a wave of unease washing over her.
"Listen, Lewis, I'm not afraid of you. Believe it or not, I could have my brother take care of you and feed you to the sharks! And you're about to lose your job too. The Sanchez family pulls a lot of weight, so just wait for that pink slip from the hospital. Don't come crying to me when it happens."
Her smug facade slipped a little as she realized they were alone.
"You'd better not mess around. Push me, and I'll make sure your family regrets it."
Lewis, now gloved up, shrugged, "Just let it be me who regrets it. No need to drag my family into this."
With his hands covered in white gloves, his expression remained cool and collected.
"So, where's the pain? You did say you were injured, right?"
Kailee squirmed, suddenly hesitant. "I want another doctor." Lewis frowned.
"All the other docs are tied up right now."
"Then I'm not getting treated!"
She tried to hop off the bed, but the movement tugged at her injury. She instinctively went to clutch the spot but caught herself, wanting to maintain her poise.
Lewis reached out, gently guiding her back to the bed with a firm hand on her shoulder.
Kailee's defenses went up immediately. "What are you doing?"
Lewis started to unbutton her pants. "Heard you took a spill while horseback riding? Had a few of those cases before. Pants need to come off first." Kailee clung to her pants desperately.
"I'll charge you with harassment! Hands off!"
Lewis stopped, straightening up.
"Don't tell me you're feeling shy because your ex is here, Kailee."
His teasing tone made her neck flush with anger.
"Don't flatter yourself! You're just a walking slab of bacon to me!"
So what if she had to ditch her pants?
She climbed back onto the bed, yanked her pants off, her face burning, eyes squeezed shut.
"Go ahead, take a look."
Lewis didn't say a word, his gloved fingers pressing gently on the sore spot.
"Does it hurt here?"
Kailee fumed.
"Just do your job and quit yakking! Why else would I be here if I wasn't in pain, you quack!"
Lewis raised an eyebrow, pressed a bit more firmly, and Kailee let out a yelp.
Tears sprang to her eyes. He must have done that on purpose.
Seeing her tears, Lewis hesitated, then pulled back.
"Nothing major, just rest up at home, and you'll be fine."
Kailee lay there, hastily wiping away her tears before scrambling to pull her pants back on, cursing him under her breath. "You jerk, you're gonna regret this."
She spat out the words, dialing Joseph's number right in front of Lewis.
"Hey, bro, how's it going with that guy I asked you to handle?"
Joseph picked up on the tremor in her voice and frowned. Had she really been pushed around?
"Your ex, right? What's his name again?"
"Lewis!"
Joseph quickly set about digging up Lewis's details, putting pressure on the hospital.
In under ten minutes, someone knocked on the door.
"Dr. Lewis, sorry to interrupt, but Mark's decided to let you go."
Kailee, standing off to the side, shot Lewis a smug grin when she heard the news.
The messenger looked disgruntled, baffled by Mark's sudden decision. So many had tried to poach Dr Lewis, yet he stayed here and even attracted wealthy clients. Now, they were just tossing him aside. 
Kailee's chin was practically sky-high with pride.
"Lewis, you had this coming. Now you see how powerful I am? Soon, you won't find a job in any hospital in North America. You'll be just another unemployed drifter." 
Lewis calmly peeled off his gloves, his tone even.
"I'm actually due to start at the research institute next week and was wondering how to resign. Plus with the hospital letting me go,
they're breaching our contract ne
so
they owe me a cool million in compensation. Appreciate it, Kailee." 
###Chapter 1446
Kailee's smile froze as soon as she heard about the Sanchez family's involvement. They had connections with nearly every hospital across North America, and it looked like they were covering the cost of Lewis's compensation.
If Lewis had been planning to quit, logically, he should've been the one to compensate the hospital. But thanks to Kailee's recent stunt, the hospital's payout had already hit Lewis's account just moments ago.
Lewis's face was all smiles, and he raised an eyebrow at Kailee's sour expression. "How about I treat you to dinner?" he offered, his voice teasingly light.
Kailee was fuming, shooting a glare at the person who had delivered the news. "Tell Mark to hold off on the firing," she snapped, her frustration clear. The informant looked uneasy. "Um..."
Lewis had already shrugged off his white coat, ready to leave. "Now that I'm officially let go, if the hospital wants me back, they'll need to shell out for a higher salary," he said, a smirk on his lips.
Kailee's face darkened with irritation. After enduring a string of setbacks, her pride was wounded. She knew sticking around would only invite more ridicule. Taking a deep breath, she headed for the door, but Lewis's shadow loomed behind her, adding to her annoyance. "Worried about finding a job elsewhere? Coming to beg me now?" she taunted, trying to reclaim some control.
Lewis chuckled softly. "You're in my way."
Kailee's face flushed with anger, her fingers itching to strike him. "You Just you wait!"
She stormed off, only to wince as she aggravated an injury, making her exit less than graceful. Behind her, Lewis's laughter rang out, stoking her embarrassment and frustration.
Lewis watched her leave, a genuine smile on his face, which didn't escape the informant's notice. Dr. Lewis had always kept a clean reputation, never seen with women, making his interest in Kailee all the more intriguing today.
Outside, Kailee was still seething, angry at the memory of Lewis's smug face. However, the Sanchez family had no sway over the research institution funded by Infinity Brilliance, and she wasn't well-acquainted with the Lynch family.
As she got into her car, still steaming, she spotted Lewis trying to hail a cab. On a whim, she told her driver to pull up beside him.
When the window rolled down, she leaned out. "Really? This down and out after we broke up? Years gone by and not even a car to your name?"
She was driving a Bentley, and seeing him standing there gave her
a twisted sense of satisfaction. "Need a ride? Experience what a Bentley feels like?" she mocked,
half-expecting him to refuse ve
To her surprise, Lewis simply said, "Sure," and got in.
Kailee was taken aback, regretting not locking the door. "Get out!" she demanded.
Lewis, now in his casual clothes, seemed unbothered. "Weren't you the one offering a Bentley experience?"
Kailee rolled her eyes. "Shameless.
You see me in a Bentley and think you can just hop in, hoping for a free ride? Thought you were too good for me back then, what, fallen on hard times?" 
Despite her constant jabs, Lewis remained silent, boring her with his lack of reaction.
The driver, sensing the tension, cautiously asked, "Ms. Kailee, heading home?" Kailee, visibly annoyed with Lewis's presence, asked, "Where do you live now?"
When Lewis mentioned a neighborhood known for its affordability and diverse mix of residents, Kailee couldn't help but scoff, "Living there must be your lucky break. Post-breakup life not treating you well, huh? Thought I was bad luck?" 
Her smugness was evident as she continued to taunt him, relishing the momentary upper hand.
Lewis, lounging back, finally looked at her. "You know, I almost forgot we were together. Still holding a grudge because I dumped you?"
Kailee's attempts to belittle Lewis only highlighted the unresolved tension between them, a mix of old wounds and unspoken feelings simmering beneath their sharp exchanges.
###Chapter 1447
A couple had broken up, and if one of them had already moved on, then the one still clinging to the past was definitely on the losing side. Losing?
Kailee would never admit defeat, not in a million years. She only remembered Lewis's name, that's it. She'd long since moved on, had her eyes set on someone else. There was no way she was still hung up on him! "Stop trying to make yourself look good!" she snapped, her finger itching to poke him in the face.
As they pulled up to the spot Lewis had mentioned, Kailee didn't hold back. "Out you go, don't dirty up my car. I'm off to pick up a young model today, and having you around is just bad luck."
She rolled her eyes, but then a ray of sunshine hit Lewis's face, and she had to admit, despite herself, that he was still annoyingly handsome. What a waste of a good face.
Lewis got out, and Kailee had been ready to give him an earful if he dared thank her. But instead, he just walked away without a second glance.
Sitting in her car, Kailee felt her face heat up with anger. That's it?
Seriously?!
How could anyone be so rude? Was it living in the slums that stripped him of his manners?
Then again, a guy who still gossips about his ex-girlfriend years after the breakup probably didn't have much class to begin with.
She glanced at her driver, feeling a headache brewing from the sheer frustration. "Drive!"
The driver, startled, quickly stepped on the gas.
Meanwhile, Lewis entered his home, neatly hanging his clothes on the coat rack. This was the same room he had shared with Kailee when they were together.
But that woman, always so carefree, had probably forgotten all about it. Not that he expected her to remember.
She had a knack for breaking up and moving on without a backward glance, always ready for the next chapter.
He'd only suggested breaking up once, and she ran with it. She'd mentioned it countless times, and he never agreed. But the one time he did, it turned out to be the last. She was unforgiving to others but so forgiving of herself.
Lewis loosened a few buttons at his neck just as he got a call from the research institute.
"Lewis, when are you joining us? Did you sort things out with the hospital?"
Initially, he planned to pay the hospital a settlement, but thanks to Kailee's unexpected interference, not only was the problem solved, he even walked away with some cash. 
en FindNovel
He relayed the story, and the woman on the line gasped.
"Wow, an angel in disguise! Could it be an ex-girlfriend? Wait, have you ever had an ex?"
A shadow flickered in Lewis's eyes. "Just a stranger, nothing more."
The woman on the phone, Clara, already part of the research institute and from a well-off family, had been subtly pursuing him. Knowing he was headed to her institute had made her day. 
Her earlier question was her way of fishing to see if he had any past relationships.
Hearing his response, a sly smile spread across Clara's lips.
"Got it. Well, I'll be waiting for you then. Congrats on the payout."
Meanwhile, Kailee got home, still feeling the sting of it all.
Remembering how Lewis, with those white gloves, had touched her, her cheeks went crimson. She had never been that close to a guy before.
Back when they were young and
living together, Lewis was the early riser, just stepping into adulthood. Kailee, half a year younger, knew that even though relationships were more open in the West, neither of
them had thought about "that" back then. 
Thinking of Lewis's confident air, Kailee was determined not to lose.
She tried picturing King in her mind, but knowing he was now happily married to Brielle made her lose interest.
If they weren't married, she might have considered setting her sights on him.
###Chapter 1448
Lying in bed with a heavy sigh, Kailee's phone buzzed-it was Clara, suggesting they meet up. After hanging up, Kailee couldn't help but grimace. Truth be told, Clara wasn't exactly her favorite person.
Back when Kailee's mental health took a dive, college slipped through her fingers, while Clara not only got into Harvard but also seemed to have made her way into a prestigious graduate program by now. Ever since Joseph took the reins of the Sanchez family, money flowed like water for Kailee. She could easily drop millions in a single night without batting an eyelid.
After all, her brother was working under King, having taken full control of the Sanchez family's empire, which had its fingers in almost every North American hospital as a major investor. From then on, spending money carelessly became second nature to her.
But Kailee had her vulnerabilities, which Clara often exploited to ridicule her: Kailee's lack of a college degree. In the elite circles of North America, her educational background was a glaring sore point. Others might compensate for poor grades with hefty donations to secure a spot in an Ivy League, but Kailee had scorned such routes, believing wealth made education redundant.
After all, wasn't the end goal of education to land a lucrative job and make more money? She had already achieved that, so why chase after a degree? Kailee's simplistic view blinded her to the deeper significances of education. Hence, Clara's jibes about academic credentials always got under her skin.
Ironically, despite Clara's academic success, rumors had it that Lewis was the real star of their batch. Kailee hadn't gone out of her way to learn this; Clara herself had often spoken of Lewis with an admiring tone. Whenever Kailee saw Clara subtly bragging about Lewis's excellence in front of their friends, she was tempted to reveal her little secret-that she had once shared a kiss with the very man Clara idolized.
The mere thought of Clara's frustration filled Kailee with smug satisfaction, easing her discomfort. Resting until the evening, she headed to the gathering with her head held high, joined by two other "friends" who were nothing more than fair-weather companions. Upon her arrival, Clara couldn't resist taking a dig. "Must be nice, living off your family's fortune without having to work a day. Your brother will take care of you anyway," Clara sneered, barely concealing her jealousy.
Kailee settled into a chair, offering a
smile to the group. "I did think about working, but my brother insisted. Why slave away for someone else deal with office politics, when you can't even afford multiple mansions that way? He said if I wanted them, he'd just give them to me no need for detours." 
Ordering the café's most expensive pastries, Kailee barely touched one before frowning. "I usually have Michelin-starred chefs cook for me. Even a degree too cool affects the taste. This... has been sitting out for hours. Take it away; I've lost my appetite."
Having previously witnessed Kailee's exacting standards, the staff hurried to call the chef to her table, ready to prepare whatever she desired on the spot. Turning to Clara and the others with a friendly smile, Kailee
jel
continued, "Why stop now? Weren't we discussing job hunting? Oh, right, I mentioned it to my brother before leaving. He said I should recognize the fortune I'm living in." 
Ret
Clara, unable to bear the boasting, forced a smile, "Lucky you, having such a brother. Anyway, our research institute is welcoming a new member soon. You know, only the best from Harvard, Cambridge, and Oxford get in. This new person is supposedly even more brilliant than me." 
Kailee rolled her eyes covertly as the others quickly echoed Clara's sentiments. Their backgrounds weren't as privileged, and their wages hardly covered the extravagance of places like this without Kailee footing the bill-their generous benefactor.
###Chapter 1449
Kailee had the ultimate pass at this place a shiny platinum membership card. It was her golden ticket to treat her friends to fancy dinners, with the bill quietly settled against her account every time.
"Is it that Kenzo you've been talking so much about?" one of her friends asked, curiosity piqued.
"I've heard he's a real looker. When will we get to meet him?" another chimed in, teasing gently.
Clara flushed a little, playing it cool. "Yep, that's Lewis Kenzo. He finally agreed to join the research institute. They've been after him forever, but he kept turning them down. Then this big-name academic personally reached out, and he changed his mind. He even had to break his contract with his current hospital. I called him last night, and guess what? He got a million-dollar severance because the hospital was the one to breach the contract."
"Why would any hospital let someone as talented as him go?" someone wondered aloud.
"I did some digging," Clara said, leaning in, "turns out it was all over a patient-someone with money and connections. But it seems to have worked out for Kenzo."
"A female patient, right? Maybe his girlfriend, pulling strings for him?" someone suggested slyly.
"No, Kenzo said it was just some woman he didn't know. Apparently, she's got quite the attitude," Clara replied with a hint of mystery.
Unbeknownst to them, that very woman was sitting right there, taking it all in.
Kailee was savoring the chef's special, cooked just the way she liked it. But the mention of this unknown woman set her off.
Unable to hold back, she jumped into the conversation. "Clara, don't be fooled by some guy's charm. Just because he's smart doesn't mean he's not sneaking kisses behind your back."
Clara's face dropped, her eyes narrowing. "What are you implying? Kenzo's never had a girlfriend. How could he be sneaking around?"
"Never had a girlfriend? Please, I know him too," Kailee retorted. "He split with his last girl and then talked smack about her to his friends. If that's your kind of guy, more power to you. He could come crawling, and I'd still pass." The room went quiet.
Clara glanced over Kailee's shoulder, eyes wide, and quickly got to her feet. "Kenzo, what brings you here today?"
Lewis was there, casually holding
his jacket, fresh from some event but he didn't pay Kailee any mind. "Just enjoying a couple of days off before heading to the institute."
Hearing his voice, Kailee shrank back momentarily but then thought, why should she be intimidated? She was just stating the truth, after all.
she lifted her head high again.
So,
Clara quickly introduced him to the group. "Everyone, meet Lewis Kenzo, soon to be my colleague at the institute." Lewis, dressed in casual attire instead of his usual lab coat, glanced at Kailee, his features striking under the dim light. "And you are?" he asked, feigning ignorance.
Clara smirked, "Just a high school classmate. But don't bother, Kenzo. She's not in your league. Didn't even finish college." Education was Clara's badge of honor, and she relished this chance to diminish Kailee while boosting herself.
Kailee let out a derisive laugh,
covering her mouth in mock
surprise, "Oh, so this is your Kenzo?
Looks just like my ex. I thought it was a coincidence they shared the same name." 
en FindNovel
Clara's expression hardened, disbelief etched across her face. "Kailee, what nonsense are you spewing?"
Kailee stood up, grabbing her card to settle the bill, and sighed. "Lewis, long time no see. Didn't expect you'd have fans now. Congrats on that."
Her words were a direct jab, but Lewis just chuckled. "What, are you jealous I have admirers now?"
###Chapter 1450
Kailee's face turned sour, almost like she was about to throw a fit. But seeing all the people around, she held it in.
"Ha, you must be kidding, right?" she said, but when she noticed Clara's equally sour expression, she felt a rush of satisfaction. Clara's hand, which had been hanging by her side, slowly clenched into a fist. How on earth did these two know each other? Back in high school, she'd never seen Lewis and Kailee say even a word to each other. Seeing them so chummy now made her wonder if Kailee was really one of Lewis's exes. Quickly regaining her composure, she turned to Lewis. "Kenzo, Kailee isn't your ex-girlfriend, is she?"
"No," he replied instantly, making Kailee roll her eyes in frustration.
"Right, no. My taste back then couldn't have been that bad. If anything, I had a crush on King," she quipped, handing her card to a nearby waiter. "Check, please."
Just then, Lewis pulled out his own card. "You helped me with that penalty fee yesterday, so it's only fair I treat you today, Kailee. Don't be shy."
His smile was maddening, and Kailee was seething inside, itching to wipe that smug look off his face. The other women present had mixed reactions, especially Clara, who managed a strained smile. "Kenzo, even if she's not an ex, she must be a friend, right? How did you two meet?" Clara pressed on.
Kailee hesitated, thinking back to her first encounter with Lewis. It wasn't anything memorable. She lowered her lashes, still puzzled over how she could have been so foolish as to date Lewis back then.
Her silence stretched, but Lewis filled it. "Sophomore year, during the school festival."
Kailee was known for her poor memory, as Joseph often teased, her mind couldn't hold onto much. When Clara asked, she genuinely couldn't recall, but Lewis's reminder jogged her memory. He had been the emcee, and she was there to play the violin. With no friends around, she was left to change her outfit alone backstage when the zipper got stuck. Desperate, she called out to Lewis, who had just come off stage, for help.
Lewis, popular and handsome, seemed an unlikely savior.
"Kenzo, can you help me with my dress? I'm up next and can't get this zipper up."
Facing away, her entire back exposed, she didn't think much of it in the western context. Lewis's cool fingers brushed against her skin, sending a shiver down her spine. They weren't even in the same class, and Kailee only knew of him by reputation.
When the zipper finally closed, she breathed a sigh of relief, ready to dash off, but his grip on her wrist stopped her.
"How about a kiss, Kailee?"
She turned, incredulous.
"What?"
He was serious. "Well?"
"Uh, sure."
Their bodies close, his scent of clean soap enveloping her. The kiss lasted two seconds before Kailee pulled away, sensing something was off. Why would someone not close to her want a kiss? She felt weirded out as he grew bolder, wrapping his arms around her waist. 
"Kenzo, that's enough, I have to perform."
He let her go, wiping her lips.
"Let's grab some late-night food after the show?"
"Uh, no thanks."
Kailee was confused, her cheeks flushed. She wasn't good at saying no back then, a bit of a pushover. Looking back, Kailee was still angry. Just because they had kissed, when he suggested moving in together after graduation, she agreed. 
Her brother was busy, no one paid her much mind, and she found fault in everything around her. Any mistake he made, she exploded. Breakup threats were a constant. But honestly, she never really felt involved with him. Harsh as it might sound, aside from that kiss, nothing happened between them. 
Seeing her lost in thought, Lewis thought she was reminiscing, but Kailee quickly snapped out of it, taking her card back from the waiter.
"No need. I don't want to owe you anything. Plus, my boyfriend would get jealous if he knew another guy was treating me to a meal."
Her tone was indifferent, and seeing Lewis's mood plummet, she felt like she had scored a point.
###Chapter 1451
Ruben was just as surprised.
"Kailee, you've got a boyfriend now?"
Kailee nodded, a smug smile lighting up her face.
"Yeah, and he's a real looker."
Lewis's face turned even colder. "You mean that King guy? Didn't he just get married? Are you trying to be the other woman here?"
There was a sharp edge to his words.
Kailee's frown deepened, annoyed that Lewis seemed to know everything about her personal life.
"It's not him. King's wife is actually a good friend of mine now, so don't go spreading rumors. My boyfriend is someone else entirely. Anyway, I gotta head back. He's waiting for me at home and will get mad if I'm late." What a load of nonsense. She'd been chasing after King for years, just to be constantly overlooked.
And when King did show up, it was usually a one-sided thing, leaving Kailee hanging out with Isaac instead.
Running after him only to end up playing stepmom to Isaac, who turned out to be just as heartless.
Just thinking about it made Kailee feel down.
She left quickly, with Lewis watching her leave, a frown creasing his brow.
Ruben's face darkened noticeably. It was obvious something was up between those two.
"Kenzo."
She wanted to dig deeper, but Lewis just chuckled.
"Sorry, got plans this afternoon, can't stick around."
Ruben was fuming, but Lewis was already on his way out.
He got into his car, noticing Kailee's car parked ahead, engine off.
She wasn't inside.
Curious, Lewis headed over to a nearby diner he knew well.
And there was Kailee, quietly enjoying a bowl of chili with a side of cornbread.
The diner owner, a friendly lady who seemed to know Kailee well, sighed.
"Every time after you hit those fancy places, you end up here for a real meal. Why bother, Ms. Kailee?"
Sitting on a bar stool, Kailee asked
for more meatballs and a side of seaweed salad. "You don't get it. My family is ridiculously wealthy, wealthy enough to franchise your diner across North America. I can't
19
women, so I have to put
show. Their food is overpriced and never filling, but I have to keep up appearances, you know? Ever seen a socialite scarf down food? It's a hassle." 
"Why not just avoid them then?" the owner asked.
"And let them gossip about me behind my back? They're just regular workers, making in a year what I earn in bank interest. If I skip a meet-up, they'll think my family's bankrupt. Just one missed outing, and they'd start rumors about us going under." 
Kailee was a regular at this diner and had grown quite fond of the owner.
"By the way, weren't you worried about your son not finding a girlfriend? How's that going?"
The woman's face clouded with concern.
"Still no luck, and now he's thinking of changing jobs. I just want him to settle down, not keep chasing money. What's the use?"
Kailee, munching on her meal, eyes sparkling, said, "Why not come cook for me? I'll pay you a hundred grand a month. I can't go a day without your food. And if your family ever needs money, just give me a call."
The woman chuckled. "We're not
going bankrupt. My son's a doctor with a knack for business. He even studied psychology to understand a condition his girlfriend had. Butthey broke up, and he hasn't touched psychology since." 
Kailee felt a pang of empathy. "Your son sounds devoted, studying psychology for her sake."
Pride glowed on the woman's face. "He's just like his father. He wouldn't let down the woman he loves. It's in his blood."
"And why did they break up?"
"She left him. She was a bit immature, didn't even realize they were in a relationship, asking him if he'd kick her out once he found a 'real' girlfriend. Imagine that." Kailee paused, feeling a strange sense of déjà vu.
###Chapter 1452
It seemed like Kailee had once asked Lewis what would happen if he ever got hitched-would he just toss her aside?
Truth be told, Kailee never really saw herself as his girlfriend. After all, they'd only shared a kiss. Lewis never officially defined their relationship, but he did say, "If you're worried, you can stick around with me for now." Kailee figured, why not? So, she went along with it. But being together felt off. Everything about it just seemed... off. The night they decided to be an item, Lewis suggested sharing a room. Kailee was taken aback. Moving in and sharing a room right from the start? What's next, sharing a bed if they got married? No way. So,
she stirred up a fuss about it, as a pretext to break up.
On top of that, there was the whole drama with the Sanchez family constantly weighing on her. Every phone call from them left her in tears. Naturally, she vented her frustrations on Lewis. Lewis was stubborn too, refusing to break up. Until that last time, when he said, "Fine, let's break up."
Kailee, always concerned about appearances, had talked about breaking up so often it seemed like no big deal. But when Lewis said those words, she felt humiliated and hurt. The day he went to work, she packed her things and left a note. "I never really liked you, so let's break up and let each other go." She shed a couple of tears as she left the note. After all, he was the first man she'd ever kissed.
To heal her heart, she tagged along with her brother to Saudi Arabia, where she met King and quickly forgot all about Lewis. Her mind was like her appetite; when she liked something, she stuck with it until she was sick of it, rarely trying anything new. Just like her later love for money and diamonds, wishing she could decorate her whole room with them. And then there was this little diner she had been coming to for years without getting bored.
Only recently, when she bumped into Lewis again, did she remember her ex. But Lewis had changed. Gone was the guy who'd let her walk all over him. Now, he had a sharp tongu@that left her feeling deflated. "Auntie, can I get another serving? I'm still hungry," she said, her mood lifting as the waitress added more to
her plate. 
"I should've stopped here before meeting my friend," Kailee mused. "Probably won't be a next time, though. She found out today that the guy she's been chasing after is my ex. She's probably fuming. Can't bear to look at me, I bet. But that doesn't bother me. In fact, it makes the food taste even better."
She never liked Rubin and had
wanted to tell her about kissing
Lewis, but without him there, Rubin
would've thought she was just
boasting. But today, with Lewis around and Rubin's face a picture of
dismay, Kailee was feeling triumphant. So much so that she pulled out her phone and sent a message to their group chat. 
"Sorry, Rubin. Just found out the guy I dumped ages ago is your dream guy. Maybe I'll chat with Lewis, see if he'll take you instead. Seems he's been single all these years."
Just as she was about to dive into another bowl, feeling victorious, a hand tapped her shoulder. "Even if you want to mock someone, at least stick to the truth," said Lewis, having seen the message she'd sent.
Kailee's face turned red with anger.
?
"How dare you snoop on my messages?!" she snapped, standing up so quickly she didn't notice the waitress who had brought her food, covering her mouth in surprise The waitress was old but quick on the uptake. When had she ever seen her son mixed up with a woman like this? And the diner's food happened to be exactly to Kailee's taste. It all seemed too planned.
Kailee was fuming, angry that Lewis could intrude into her favorite dining spot. It felt like even the air was tainted now.
###Chapter 1453
Kailee glared at him, her voice simmering with frustration. "Me, not respecting facts? Who was it again badmouthing me over coffee, saying I couldn't live without you, that I was all drama and noise? How dare you even say that, Lewis? When I left you, I did it with style, let
me tell you. It took me less than a month to find someone new, someone way hotter than you."
After her outburst, she quickly turned to the lady behind the counter. "Ma'am, could you pack this up for me? I'll take it to go."
The lady nodded, hurrying to comply. "Of course, dear."
As the lady prepared her order, the diner felt spacious, with just Kailee and Lewis left. Kailee refused to take her seat again, determined not to let him tower over her in any way, physically or otherwise.
She stared him down, hearing his calm reply, "I know."
Know what, exactly?
Kailee's brows furrowed as she huffed, "You better keep your distance, Lewis. I'm seeing someone now, just so you know."
Lewis rubbed his temples, his tone annoyingly serene. "Kailee, why is it every time you see me, you get all worked up? You're not like this with anyone else. Maybe I'm being conceited, but I have to ask, haven't you gotten over me?" Her anger left her speechless, her fingers trembling in frustration. Really? The nerve!
Biting back her outrage, she put her hands on her hips. "Please! If anyone's not over anyone, it's you pining over me!"
"Hmm." His simple response threw her completely off balance.
If Lewis had insulted her, she would have had a snappy comeback ready. But faced with his unexpected acknowledgment, she was momentarily lost for words.
Just then, the lady came back with her order, neatly packed. "Ms. Kailee, your order's ready."
Snapping back to reality, Kailee quickly grabbed her food, keeping her head down as she hurried past Lewis, who didn't move to follow her. As the diner quieted down with only him and his mother left, he finally relaxed.
The woman behind the counter
shook her head slightly. "So, it was
that girl, huh've known her for years. When you first wanted to open this little diner, I knew something was up. The dishes you insisted on weren't our usual fare, not something your dad and I, or even you, particularly liked. But she came in on day one, claiming it was as if this place was made just for her." 
Lewis took a seat, listening to his mother's gentle teasing. "Son, after all these years, you still haven't won her over?"
He poured himself a cup of tea from
the pot on the table. "I didn't pursue her. Like she said, she dumped me and not a month later, found someone else. Followed him around like a bee to a flower. That guy just got married, and she's been single since." 
He had thought she might end up marrying the guy, only to find out it was all unrequited love from the start.
In his professional life, Lewis was always composed, a beacon of empathy and patience. Yet, learning of Kailee's one-sided affection, he couldn't help feeling a twisted sense of satisfaction.
Kailee had always lived in a bubble, her troubles largely self-inflicted. Joseph had protected her well, nurturing her naive and overly simplistic outlook on life.
In that cramped changing room, her willingness to kiss him had been a testament to her simplicity - any decent-looking guy might have received the same response.
Kailee was straightforward in her actions, driven by simple desires and a naive heart. Yet, when she decided to cut ties, her coldness was unmatched.
Lewis, lost in thought, slowly spun
his tea cup by the handle. That day
at the coffee shop with Mason, he had intentionally spoken loudly, knowing Kailee would overhear and recognize him. He wanted to
provoke her, to rekindle some form of connection between them. 
Mason had seen right through him, understanding his intentions. But Kailee, she remained oblivious, convinced he was conspiring against her behind her back. Perhaps it was for the best, ensuring she wouldn't forget him anytime soon.
###Chapter 1454
Lewis sat there, thinking about the lively spark in Kailee's eyes, his own gaze flickering with a hint of something unsettled. After Kailee stormed off, her steps seemed to cut through the air, and she couldn't help but wonder why she kept running into that jerk. But then again, his casual "Hmm" had stirred something warm inside her. Could it mean what she thought? That couldn't be right; he was the one who wanted to call it quits.
Pride was a big deal for Kailee. She had bragged to her so-called friends that she was the one who dumped Lewis, but in reality, it was Lewis who had ended things. As she sat in the car, a nagging unease lingered. What did Lewis really mean with those last words? Checking her phone, she saw a message pop up in the group chat from Ruby: "Kailee, are you sure you dumped Kenzo? I'm gonna ask him myself. If he dumped you, well, just move on. It's pretty standard, considering you probably didn't last more than a month, right?" That message made Kailee's blood boil. Below Ruby's message, the other so-called friends added their two cents. "No way Kailee dumped Lewis. He's like a genius, and Kailee didn't even finish high school."
"Yeah, if Lewis liked someone, it'd be someone on his level. I heard during his internship, heiresses were lining up, not just for medical reasons. And did you know about his family? They're loaded." "Exactly. Kailee's pretty, but among all those classy women, why would Lewis choose someone less... intellectually stimulating?"
Those words hit Kailee where it hurt. She'd been mocked plenty for not being the brightest. Fuming, she thought if these so-called friends went to Lewis and he confirmed it, she'd be the laughingstock. Compared to Lewis, these girls were way more awful. Meaner, too.
Kailee didn't tell the driver to go; instead, she got out and marched back to the diner. Luckily, Lewis was still there sitting by the window, all alone From outside, he looked pretty darn good. Ugh! Why was she finding her ex attractive? Maybe she needed her eyes checked, 
Taking a deep breath, she pushed open the door and walked in. Lewis noticed her, but didn't even flinch, casually pouring himself a cup coffee with the kind of elegance that made her want to roll her eyes. Such a show-off. 
She sat across from him. Lewis smirked, "Back already?"
Kailee slapped a card on the table. "There's fifty grand on this. Keep our secret."
Lewis, always sharp, feigned ignorance. "What secret?"
Kailee took a deep breath, her voice a whisper. "Don't tell them I was the one dumped."
Her voice was barely a whisper. Lewis raised an eyebrow, "What was that? Speak up. I didn't catch that."
Kailee gritted her teeth, "Don't let those girls know you dumped me! Lewis, if you say anything, my brother will make sure you regret it!"
She grabbed his collar, pulling him
closer. "Just so you know, my brother doesn't mess around. Some guy tieked me off once, and poof, he vanished from North America the next day." 
Their faces were so close, they could feel each other's breaths. Lewis, reminded of a certain incident, blushed but tried to keep his cool. "Let go of me first."
###Chapter 1455
Kailee just couldn't wrap her head around it. She was completely in the dark, glaring at him with all the annoyance she could muster.
"Say yes first, then we'll sort it out."
"And why should I agree? What's in it for me?"
Kailee frowned, feeling a bit put out herself. "You just said you can't get over me, right? If you can't forget me, that means you like me. And if you like me, you'd naturally want what's best for me." Lewis chuckled as he gently pried her fingers apart, one by one.
"You've got it all wrong. Sure, I can't 'forget' you-but that just means I remember your name and your face. After all, you're the first girl I ever broke up with. It's only natural I'd remember what you look like."
His smile was as carefree as a sunny day, making Kailee want to spit in his face out of sheer frustration. But she was an adult, and adults don't do that sort of thing. She took a deep breath.
"Then at least do it for the half a million."
"I'm not exactly hard up for cash right now."
Kailee didn't know much about Lewis's financial situation, but the guy had bought a house right after college graduation, so he must be doing alright for himself. His fashion sense, always wearing clothes that seemed tailor-made since she couldn't recognize the brand, was a giveaway of his refined taste. But that wasn't the point. The real puzzle was, how could a guy living in a rundown neighborhood not need money?
"Lewis, you must be joking. You don't even own a car, living in that place, and you're saying you don't need money? Come on, man. Drop the pride. Even if you got a million-dollar settlement, nobody thinks they have too much money."
Lewis glanced at the card on the table, his long fingers pushing it back towards her. The message was clear: he wasn't interested.
Kailee felt a rush of panic. She couldn't lose face in front of those gossip girls, especially after boasting about her wealth. If they found out Lewis was the one who dumped her, she'd never live it down.
"What do you want, then?" she asked, desperation creeping into her voice.
That was exactly what Lewis wanted to hear.
"If you're so worried about them finding out I dumped you, it's simple. Just get back together with me and then you can dump me."
A spark lit in Kailee's eyes. This guy was a genius!
That settled it. She sat back down. "Alright, it's a deal. From now on, we're a couple."
Lewis's gaze flickered, a mischievous glint in his eyes as if a fox had just swished its tail behind him.
"Kailee, I only suggested it. I didn't say I'd accept your pursuit."
Great. Now, not only had he dumped her, but he'd also gained the noble title of rejecting her advances. Kailee was seething. Was this jerk setting a trap for her?
She took a deep breath, knowing full well it was a trap but better than being the laughing stock of her frenemies.
"Lewis, what will it take for you to agree to be with me?"
Kailee's mind was a total blank, not realizing she had initially wanted to confront Lewis but was now begging him to be with her.
Lewis calmly smoothed out his shirt, rumpled from her earlier grasp.
"To woo someone, you need to show some real effort."
Kailee squinted, sensing something was off but couldn't pinpoint what it was. After leaving the diner, it hit her. If Lewis went straight to Ruben and spilled the beans about her rejection, she'd be the joke of the century. 
She rushed back.
"Lewis, until I win you over, we keep this between us, got it?"
Lewis chuckled, "That depends on how sincere you are."
Kailee breathed a sigh of relief, then started to panic once she was back in her car. What did 'effort' even mean? When she was chasing King, she didn't do anything special, just made sure to be around him, making her presence felt. Clearly, that wasn't going to cut it this time. 
Deflated, Kailee pulled out her phone to do some research.
How to pursue a guy?
After a moment, she edited her query.
-I come from a wealthy family, so wealthy I could spend millions a day without batting an eye. So here's the dilemma-how do I chase a guy living in the slums, who's got a sharp tongue and looks... well, average at best? 
###Chapter 1456
After hitting send, Kailee felt a secret thrill bubble up inside her. It wasn't long before the comments started pouring in.
"Why are you so obsessed with chasing this guy? Did all the men in the world suddenly vanish?"
"If you were really loaded, you wouldn't even glance at a guy like that."
"Stop trying to play savior, girl."
Kailee frowned, caught off guard by the blunt responses. She didn't really want to chase Lewis, but to keep him quiet and to one-up her frenemies, she felt like she had to.
But the comments sparked a light bulb moment for her. She'd made a deal with Lewis: he wouldn't spill their secrets until she had successfully won him over. Lewis had agreed. So, as long as she didn't actively pursue him, she hadn't technically failed! The logic was solid! Feeling like a genius, Kailee quickly typed back. "Totally, why would I chase some guy? I'm cute as a button, a real heartbreaker. Heck, I even had a Saudi prince confess his love to me. Why waste my time on some broke dude? You all just opened my eyes, haha. I'm off to sponsor some hot young model instead."
Despite the joke about sponsoring a model, Kailee had no interest in that. She'd rather splurge on some new jewels.
Once she set her phone aside, her focus shifted to her latest obsession: her diamond-encrusted wings. Trying them on, she admired herself in the mirror, completely forgetting about Lewis.
Meanwhile, Lewis was supposed to report to the research institute. He waited outside his house for Kailee's car, which never showed. With
Kailee's usual approach, he expected nothing more than a ride to and from work as her attempt to woo him. 
After waiting for two hours with no sign of her car, Lewis's initial optimism turned to disappointment The institute called, politely asking about his whereabouts since they'd planned a welcome gathering for him. Left with no choice, Lewis halled a cab. 
Upon arrival, he was greeted by the institute's leading scholars, their warmth almost making him forget about the morning's letdown. Despite his calm demeanor, whispers of his past publications and influence buzzed around him. 
whispers of his past publi
Ruby, unable to believe someone as brilliant as Lewis could ever be dumped by Kailee, approached him with a mix of admiration and skepticism. "Kenzo, welcome to the institute. We're honored to have you."
As Lewis changed into his lab coat, the institute was abuzz with speculation about his marital status, fueled by Ruby's jealousy and disbelief over Kailee's claims of breaking up with him.
Driven by a mix of jealousy and curiosity, Ruby couldn't resist stirring the pot, texting in their group chat, "Kailee, I'm thinking of asking Kenzo out, just to see if you really did dump him."
Kailee, lounging at home admiring her gemstones, nearly jumped out of her skin. She scrambled to think of a way to keep Lewis from spilling the beans but then realized she didn't even have his number. "Why didn't I save it when I had the chance?" she lamented, realizing she might have played herself.
###Chapter 1457
Kailee paced around like a restless cat, regretting not giving Lewis a ride to work that morning. If she had, she'd have his number by now, making all this a lot easier. Frustrated, she threw on her clothes and rushed out. Thanks to Ruby's constant bragging in the group chat, Kailee knew exactly where the research institute was. Ruby never missed a chance to show off.
"Check out the institute's cafeteria, Kailee. Bet you've never seen it. With your grades, you'd need a miracle to have lunch here."
"Look at this professor from the institute, a real big shot in the academic world. He once taught a future president!"
"And these dorms, wow!"
Ruby's incessant bragging paid off, and Kailee drove straight to the institute. But as expected, security was tight, and she couldn't just stroll in.
After waiting ages, she finally saw someone heading inside.
"Hey, do you know Lewis? Can you tell him Kailee's waiting for him out here?" she asked, hope flickering.
Luck was on her side; the person she approached happened to be Lewis's new colleague.
Lewis, slipping into his lab coat, was informed of Kailee's presence outside. Yet, his face gave nothing away, as if her name was just a whisper in the wind.
Ruby, upon learning this, couldn't resist taunting in the group chat.
"Someone said you're waiting outside, Kailee. Looks like Kenzo doesn't care much. He went back to crunching data after hearing about it. Want me to check on you at lunch?" Kailee fumed.
That witch.
Always finding ways to rub salt in her wounds.
Without Lewis's number and knowing Ruby would never help, Kailee was stuck.
She returned to her car, eyes glued to the entrance, waiting for Lewis to come out.
It wasn't until 8 PM that Lewis and his colleagues, Ruby included, finally emerged. Lewis, in his lab coat, stood out with a kind of effortless grace.
"Graceful? More like just getting by," Kailee muttered, her patience worn thin.
The moment they appeared, she shot out of her car, waving frantically.
"Lewis! Over here!"
His colleagues, noticing her sleek car and striking looks, exchanged knowing glances with Lewis.
Lewis hesitated before moving.
Ruby quickly sidled up to him, sneering, "Isn't that Kailee? Did she really wait all day?"
Lewis stayed silent, knowing Kailee's persistence all too well.
He was about to head over when Ruby tried to hold him back.
"Kenzo, you should steer clear of her. Kailee never went to college We got into this institute because we were top-notch. Hanging out with her might make people question our smarts." 
Lewis paused, then looked at Ruby "Every time you guys dine at that fancy place, she's the one footing the bill. If she's not a friend, make it split the next time." 
Ruby's face turned crimson, caught off guard by his insight.
By now, Lewis had reached Kailee, who had dozed off in her car, her cheek marked by the steering wheel.
Seeing Ruby hadn't followed, Kailee let out a sigh of relief.
"Lewis, I didn't get your number last time. I had no way to reach you. Could you give it to me now?"
Her words seemed to send a chill through the air, and Lewis's expression turned icy.
"You don't have my number?"
Kailee was genuinely clueless.
"Wow, Kailee. Memory like a goldfish, huh?"
She bristled at the jab, feeling its sting.
"What do you mean by that?"
Lewis's gaze was cold as he replied, "My number hasn't changed."
Kailee felt her cheeks burn with embarrassment. She'd deleted his number after their breakup, and it had been years. How was she to remember?
But asking again might only make
things worse, and the last thing she needed was for their past to become gossip fodder, especially in front of Ruby and the others. That would be a disaster. 
###Chapter 1458
Noticing Ruby glaring daggers at her, Kailee quickly latched onto Lewis's arm. "Oh, come on, don't be mad. Let's talk this out," she suggested, opening her car door and nudging him inside.
Their colleagues weren't far off, watching the drama unfold. When Lewis slid into her car, a colleague with golden locks started whistling, making Ruby fume with anger as she stomped over. She couldn't believe Lewis would actually go for someone like Kailee! Seeing Ruby approach and fearing Lewis might bolt, Kailee pressed him down into the seat. Lewis instinctively wrapped an arm around her waist, but Kailee, always so carefree, didn't notice. Her focus was on Ruby, who was now reaching for the car door. To show off how close she was with Lewis, Kailee scooted even closer to him, making his breath catch and his eyes widen. When Ruby managed to yank the door open and saw them, her face turned beet red with anger. "Kailee, why are you sitting on Kenzo's lap?" With her back to Ruby, Kailee rolled her eyes. A woman sitting on a man's lap could only mean one thing-they were an item. But Ruby seemed clueless by asking. Still, Kailee couldn't just blurt out the truth, especially with Lewis right there. If her fib got exposed, she'd be mortified. Worried Lewis might spill the beans, she pinched the back of his neck. Lewis tensed, realizing he still hadn't learned to keep his distance from women. Ruby locked eyes with Lewis and felt a shiver from his intense gaze. She quickly shut the car door and scurried away. Kailee heard the door close and brightened up, ready to get out, but something was poking her. "Lewis, what do you have in your pocket?" she asked, glancing down at him, only to meet his deep gaze, which made her heart skip a beat. Suddenly feeling shy, she looked away and shifted back.
"Kailee," he called softly. Feeling her scalp tingle, Kailee realized there was no need to stay so close now that Ruby was gone. She swallowed nervously, "Yes? What's up?"
Lewis held her waist firmly, not letting go. "Ever been with any other guys?" he asked.
"Huh?" Kailee was taken aback by his question. Quickly, their positions flipped, and she found herself
pinned to the backseat, which had somehow been laid flat. His lips were on hers before she could react, not just kissing but exploring. Kailee's mind went blank, her eyes widening in shock. She pushed against him in a panic. 
"You haven't answered my question," he murmured, his arms bracing her in place.
Kailee felt overwhelmed, noticing the veins on his strong arms. Why hadn't she realized Lewis could be so assertive? "I-I've only ever been on the merry-go-rounds at the fair!" she blurted out.
Lewis paused, clearly surprised by her answer, and then burst into laughter, burying his face in her neck, his shoulders shaking. Kailee's cheeks flushed, confused by what he found so amusing.
After what felt like ages, he finally
wiped his eyes, still chuckling at her innocent response. Feeling a tender ache in his heart, he leaned in to kiss her again, leaving her breathless and her head spinning with unfamiliar sensations. 
But then pain hit, and her face turned pale. She pushed at his shoulders, tears welling up and spilling over.
Lewis felt terrible, sweat breaking out on his forehead. "Kailee," he whispered softly.
Kailee was crying miserably, hating the pain more than anything. "You can leave. I don't want this," she sobbed, trying to push him away.
Lewis knew he'd been wrong, taking
advantage of her distraction like that. But given her innocence, he thought it better she be with him than fall for someone else's lies. "It'll feel better soon," he assured her gently. 
"Really?" she asked through her tears, her voice small and uncertain.
###Chapter 1459
Lewis held her close, his voice a soft whisper. "Yeah."
Neither of them had ever been in a situation like this before. They were both navigating unfamiliar territory, thankfully shielded by the shadow of a tree, keeping their activities hidden from anyone nearby.
Kailee wasn't like other girls; she saw the world in black and white. But now, as Lewis caused her pain, she immediately labeled him a villain.
She cried for an hour before she started to see the humor in it all. Deep down, she knew something was shifting between her and Lewis, and it made her uneasy.
She had once entertained the idea of having kids with King, but it was all just talk. The thought of actually being with King that way made her cringe. Besides, with a sweet son like Isaac, she felt no need for more children. But now, being with Lewis, did that mean she was supposed to have his children? She wanted to push Lewis away, but he, having tasted the forbidden fruit, wouldn't stop.
It wasn't until the early hours of the morning, after she had passed out, that he finally covered her with a blanket and drove off.
Kailee awoke, clueless about her surroundings, finding herself clean and cozy in bed. Her first instinct was to slap the jerk awake. She felt tainted, sullied by him. But she was too drained. The slap could wait until tomorrow.
Lewis stood by the bed, amused by the sight of her sleeping like a kitten, eyes swollen from crying and cursing, only to fall asleep once her head hit the pillow. After showering, he lay in bed, still finding it surreal how easily things had gone his way. Kailee, too trusting for her own good.
In the morning, she woke up feeling sore, every small movement sending pain through her back. But the smell of food hit her nose, sparking a fierce hunger.
Seeing an unfamiliar ceiling startled
her, and she tried to get out of bed, only to collapse weakly to the floor. There, she spotted a feast on the table, bizarrely made up of all her favorite dishes. 
en FindNovel
She looked toward the window, where Lewis was engrossed in a book, also busy with some data work.
Kailee had planned to slap him first thing, considering what he did was criminal. But faced with all her favorite dishes, she hesitated, gulping down her pride. She figured there was no rush; she could eat first. She needed the energy.
After devouring the meal and just as she was about to confront him, Lewis brought over beautifully plated slices of fruit.
Kailee was a complex person. Tease her, and she'd fight back with everything she had. But treat her well, and she'd suddenly feel guilty and unsure.
After all, here he was, cooking and slicing fruit for her. Slapping him now seemed a bit much, didn't it?
Hesitating, she picked up a fork and began to eat slowly. Once she was full, she felt ready to slap him. But Lewis approached, gently pressing along her waist, hitting a spot that made her sigh in relief.
She thought maybe she could slap him after he finished the massage. But his hands were too soothing, working magic on her. Damn, if only she could keep those hands 
After eating and being massaged, Kailee fell asleep again, without hesitation. From the moment she was taken to waking up and falling back asleep, she hadn't spoken a word to Lewis. He had completely overwhelmed her. 
By evening, when she woke up hungry again, another delicious meal awaited her, all her favorites once more.
How did Lewis know her tastes so well? Kailee ate while silently shedding tears over her lack of willpower.
###Chapter 1460
Why does this food taste just like Aunt Betty's?
After another feast, Lewis even had his toothbrush and cup set by the bed.
Honestly, Kailee had always dreamed of being surrounded by handsome men and, well, being rich. She nailed the rich part, but as for the handsome men? That seemed elusive.
Then Lewis came along and made it happen.
For two whole days, she barely left the bed, except for bathroom breaks. Each evening, she'd soak in a luxurious bath before climbing back into bed. And once she was there, well, things got pretty steamy with Lewis. Kailee got used to it, even started enjoying it, so she just rolled with it.
That is, until a week later when Joseph called, wondering why she hadn't been home. Kailee shot up from bed!
"Bro, I totally fell for the handsome man trap."
And not just a pretty face, but a food trap too. The call snapped her back to reality, reminding her she'd planned to give Lewis a piece of her mind the first night. But a week had flown by, and instead of confronting him, she was swept away, night after night. She ran her hand over her waist, feeling the extra softness. After a week of indulgence and lounging, she'd definitely put on a few pounds.
"Kailee, what on earth are you up to?"
Joseph was still in Beaconsfield, or he'd have come to haul her back himself. Feeling guilty, Kailee hurried to get out of bed, her legs shaky from the week's exertions, her cheeks flushing. "Bro, it's a long story."
She couldn't quite explain it, not even sure how things had gotten to this point.
"Then make it short."
Joseph's voice was icy, "Are you causing trouble again?"
Kailee, caught off guard, instinctively wanted to argue, but was this really a mess she'd made? She wasn't sure.
Just then, Lewis walked in with a tray of his homemade desserts, and noticing she was up, he asked casually, "Why not sleep in a bit more?"
Kailee's cheeks flushed. She'd been pampered all week. She looked up, ready to scold him, but for what?
Accuse him of taking advantage? But she hadn't ed all week, so it felt too late to complain now. She took a deep breath, trying to sound aloof. "I should head back."
"Isn't it nice here?"
"It is," she admitted without thinking. His cooking was amazing, better than any chef she knew, and his fruit platters and desserts were works of art. How could someone like Lewis even exist? en FindNovel
Sigh.
Whoever ends up marrying him is going to be so lucky.
Lewis stopped her, "Stay another week. You don't have anything pressing back home."
Kailee thought he had a point and was almost convinced, but then Joseph's ominous voice came through the phone. "Kailee, who's the guy with you?"
Kailee froze, suddenly remembering she was still on the call with her brother.
"Bro, it's me, my ex-boyfriend. I told you it's complicated."
Feeling guilty, she quickly ended the call, her eyes drifting to the tray Lewis held, then to her slightly rounded belly.
She thought, No more eating, or I'll really pack on the pounds.
"Lewis, don't forget our deal. Until you win me back, you can't tell Rubin you dumped me, got it?"
Lewis raised an eyebrow, a teasing smile on his lips, "That depends on your sincerity."
There it was again, sincerity. Kailee was still clueless.
"Then... maybe a few more sleepovers?"
Lewis's eyes darkened as he set the tray aside slowly. "Kailee, are you serious?"
Kailee backed up a bit, "Or tell me, what kind of sincerity are you after? Picking you up from work every day is a no-go. I just can't do mornings; I have to sleep until noon." 
Reflecting on her life, she realized it seemed pretty indulgent. If it weren't for her family's wealth and her brother's generosity, she might not even be able to support herself. 
But hey, that's the life of being born into money!
###Chapter 1461
Lewis stared at her for what felt like ages, noticing the same innocence in her eyes he'd always seen, leaving him a bit at a loss for words. Her grasp on love was still pretty foggy, and when it came to the whole men and women thing, she was just as clueless. To her, it was simply something people did together, and as long as it felt right, it didn't have to be exclusive to just couples.
Lewis rubbed his forehead, clearly frustrated. Meanwhile, Kailee took the chance to sneak a pastry off the tray. Lewis lightly smacked her hand away.
"Kailee, you still don't get it," he said.
Kailee frowned, puzzled by what exactly she was supposed to understand since he hadn't been all that clear.
"Lewis-" she started.
"Just go," he interrupted, his voice cool as he tossed the tray into the trash without a second thought.
Kailee's heart sank. What a waste! Why couldn't she have just a nibble if it was already made? And now, it was just thrown away?
Taking a deep breath, she felt a wave of frustration wash over her. After being kept up so late last night, her throat was sore, and she just wanted something to eat. But he tossed it out like it was nothing.
She'd heard of other guys giving gifts after spending the night, but Lewis didn't even bother with that. What a letdown. Not that she needed gifts, but it was the principle of the thing with Lewis.
The more she thought about it, the more her anger and sense of injustice grew.
"Fine! I'll go!" she snapped, jumping out of bed and quickly pulling on her clothes. "I'm never coming back to this dump!"
She yelled, slamming the door behind her with such force it seemed to shake the whole hallway.
Once outside, she realized how familiar everything looked-the room, the walls, even the neighborhood. Wasn't this the same place she and Lewis had stayed together when they first started dating? Back then, the most intimate they got was a simple kiss. But now, leaving this room felt like an entirely different chapter with Lewis.
Kailee couldn't bring herself to dwell on that thought. Stepping into the sunlight, she realized just how ridiculous the past week had been Her cheek's flushed with embarrassment. Good grief, she must have been out of her mind to stay at Lewis's place for a whole week, going along with his
half-hearted advances every day.
If her brother found out, she'd be in big trouble. The thought made her shiver as she quickly got into her car.
Just then, a message from Rubin
popped up in the group chat.
"Kenzo's been online discussing data with us all week. Seems like
he's sick. I'm thinking of checking on him." 
en FindNovel
Kailee paused, staring at the message. Sick? Lewis was anything but sick with the energy he had every night.
Feeling a bit smug, she quickly typed back, "Oh, Lewis's cooking is amazing. He cooked for me all week, and his desserts are top-notch, better than any Michelin chef." After sending the message, she could almost picture Rubin fuming.
"He cooked for you?" he replied.
"Yep, been crashing at his place all week. Remember when I dumped him? Now he's begging to get back together. Still deciding if I should," she teased.
Rubin went silent, clearly annoyed. Kailee chuckled to herself, driving back home.
But as she walked, she couldn't shake the feeling of discomfort. That night, trying to sleep, she felt even more uneasy. It was like she wasn't used to being alone anymore.
Usually, by now, Lewis would have
started kissing her, slowly undressing her, making sure she was completely comfortable. Kailee lay in bed, tossing and turning, unable to sleep. en FindNovel
Funny, she thought, how did she ever fall asleep before?
###Chapter 1462
Kailee let out a long, weary sigh, feeling an emptiness that gnawed at her both inside and out. In an attempt to fill the void, she wandered downstairs and absentmindedly flicked through the TV channels, hoping for something to catch her eye. But nothing seemed to do the trick.
Her mind drifted to Lewis. What was he doing right now? Had that guy put some sort of spell on her? It was the only thing that made sense because, after just one day apart, she already found herself missing him.
Sinking deeper into the couch, Kailee felt a wave of self-pity wash over her. She'd heard stories about tribes in Australia who were adept at witchcraft. Could Lewis have used some kind of dark magic on her? It sounded absurd, yet how else could she justify these unwanted feelings?
After a sleepless night, tossing and turning, Kailee was exhausted. The week before had been so cozy and comforting that the stark contrast now felt unbearable. The family doctor, after a thorough check-up, insisted there was nothing wrong with her physically; she just needed rest. But sleep was elusive.
The maid, noticing her distress, gently asked if there was anything she fancied eating. Kailee rattled off a list of dishes, only to remember that the household chefs couldn't make any of them. Defeated, she sighed, "Never mind, just bring me some toast."
If last week was paradise, being home felt like a descent into misery. Even the perks of her wealth couldn't lift her spirits. She missed those lazy days in bed, and, despite herself, she longed for Lewis - handsome as he was, enough to have Robin, a woman of considerable influence, chasing after him non-stop.
The idea of Lewis marrying Robin
was intolerable. If that happened, Robin's disdain for her would
mean she'd never get to enjoy his delicious desserts or his relaxing massages again. Jolted by the thought Kailee sat up in bed, thinking she couldn't let that happen. 
Why shouldn't she be the one to marry Lewis? With his precarious financial situation, a few million dollars from her would surely be enticing. Her brother had already given her half of the Sanchez family fortune, so he likely wouldn't .
With her mind made up, Kailee quickly got dressed and drove to Lewis's place, only to find him out, probably at the research institute. She waited for him to finish work, her determination growing stronger.
When they finally met at a café,
ét
Lewis seemed a bit irritable, but Kailee didn't let that stop her. She blurted out her marriage proposal, and Lewis's reaction was instant coffee sprayed from his mouth clearly caught off guard. Trying to stay composed, she laid out her case: the wealth, the global
—
properties, the luxury cars - all to secure a comfortable life for him. 
Lewis, surprised by the sheer scale of what she offered, wondered how no one had managed to swindle all this from her yet. Her naivety was as striking as her fortune.
Seeing his uncertainty, Kailee's
frustration bubbled over. Could he really be thinking of marrying Robin? Tears wetted up in her eyes as she accused him of being a jerk for not appreciating the lavish lifestyle she was offering, especially since he hadn't even bought her a handbag after their night together Now, he seemed hesitant to marry her.
###Chapter 1463
Lewis saw the tears in Kailee's eyes, and it tugged at his heartstrings. "Why are you crying?" he asked gently.
Kailee slammed her hand on the table, her eyes brimming with tears yet filled with defiance. "Just you wait. Once my brother's back in North America, I'm seriously going to have him sort you out." Lewis tried to grab her hand, but she pulled away sharply. "Kailee."
Her brother wasn't someone who could be easily fooled. It'd be smart to get the marriage license first thing tomorrow morning. By the time her brother returned, there'd be no turning back. "Let's get that marriage license first thing tomorrow," Lewis suggested.
Kailee hadn't expected him to agree so quickly. It caught her off guard. Maybe it was because since their reunion, Lewis had been so sarcastic. His sudden agreement made Kailee suspect there might be an ulterior motive. But since she was the one who proposed marriage, backing out now would make her seem indecisive. "Alright."
The next morning, just as they got their marriage license, Kailee got a call from her brother, Joseph. He was back home and wanted to talk.
Joseph was uneasy after Kailee's call, especially after hearing a man's voice in the background. He worried his sister might be getting duped.
He knew Kailee too well: gullible, believing every tall tale, and always too proud. If a man wanted to deceive her, he probably could.
Joseph was sitting in the living room when Kailee walked in with Lewis. Having him by her side seemed to boost her confidence. She strutted in, already planning to show off Lewis to her so-called frenemies later. "Brother, I didn't expect you back so soon."
Seeing Lewis, Joseph's eyelids twitched involuntarily. "Kailee, what's going on here?"
Kailee beamed with joy. "Bro, let me introduce you. This is my husband, Lewis."
Joseph nearly choked. As realization dawned, his expression darkened. "Say that again?"
Kailee had rarely seen her brother angry, especially at her. When he slammed the table, she turned pale.
"This is my husband, Lewis. We just got our marriage license. We were planning to tell you later."
Joseph's gaze was sharp, piercing through Lewis. Lewis stood his ground, patting Kailee's back as she looked like she might cry.
"Kailee, step outside for a bit. I need to talk to your brother."
Kailee hesitated, knowing her brother's temper. If she left, Joseph might just lose it.
Lewis leaned over and kissed her gently. "Wait for me for half an hour. After this, we'll take Ruby and the others out for dinner."
It was more about showing off than dining. After all, she had snagged Ruby's dream guy and even married him. She couldn't wait to see Ruby's reaction! 
Kailee's mood lifted in an instant. "Okay, Lewis. Have a good talk with my brother." She sauntered off, humming a tune, her mood light as a feather.
Once Kailee left, Joseph sneered. "Kailee's been sheltered her whole life and doesn't know a thing about men. Yo&might have tricked her into marrying you while I was away but she'll come to her senses eventually. She doesn't understand loyalty, marriage, or responsibility.
He knew this well, having teased her about her naivety before. Her heartbreaks were fleeting. In a week, she could easily move on.
And now, Lewis, her ex, had
somehow convinced her to rush into
marriage. There had to be a catch, and Joseph was convinced it was all Lewis's doing. 
###Chapter 1464
Lewis pulled out his business card, a testament to his achievements and the state of his family's enterprise.
"Here's a rundown of my family's background, my personal accolades, and the operations of our family business," he said, laying out a thick stack of documents on the table.
Joseph frowned as he sifted through the papers, his brow furrowing even deeper when he came across the company's profile. The Sanchez family had ties with major hospitals, and the Xu family's hospital was no exception. As North America's leading medical equipment manufacturer, they also had collaborations with the Sanchez family, standing toe-to-toe in terms of wealth and influence.
What was more impressive was Lewis's life, which seemed like a cheat code in action. Excelling in everything he ventured into, his publications in the medical field had caused quite the stir. Now, working in a research institute, he was directly mentored by a leading figure, poised to become a medical authority within the next five years-all before hitting thirty. Such a catch was rare across North America. And to think Kailee, of all people, had dumped him?
"I've been into Kailee for years, knowing well she doesn't care for these accolades. But I'm willing to accommodate her. All she needs to do is keep being her carefree, laid-back self with me."
"After she broke up with me, I've kept an eye on her." Kailee had him wrapped around her finger, and he couldn't pinpoint why, but just seeing her filled him with joy.
Joseph's frown deepened as he went through Lewis's glowing resume. Finally, he let out a sigh. "Maybe you should get your eyes checked. Need me to book you an appointment?"
Kailee was a happy-go-lucky spirit,
living life without a worry. If it weren't for the Sanchez family's wealth, who knows where she'd be begging for scraps. Innocent to a
fault, with a mind that never wandered to the complex issues of life And yet, she snagged such an impressive husband-someone who went out of his way to win her over. Where was the justice in that? 
Even if Joseph was biased towards his sister, he couldn't help but question Lewis's taste. Lewis's lashes fluttered downwards. "In this world, many dwell in filth and vice Kailee is the purest soul I've ever met, and I can easily guess her thoughts and preferences. Being with her is incredibly relaxing, a soothing experience throughout. Sure, she can drive me nuts sometimes, but it's always sweet, and I relish it." 
Outside, Kailee waited anxiously for Lewis, not forgetting to brag in her group chat. "Guess what? I married Lewis. We're hosting a dinner today, and don't you all act shy because; hey, I'm loaded. Lewis is now my hubby, and my brother's cool with it.
Same place as before, I'll head out to
meet you guys soon."
The chat went silent for a moment before erupting into disbelief. "Yeah, right. As if Lewis would marry you. He and Rubin are at the same institute, and you think he'd choose you over closer prospects?"
"Lewis once said he doesn't fancy women with no brains."
Seeing the chat, Rubin's blood boiled. Though aware of some secret between Lewis and Kailee, marriage seemed out of the question. "Kailee, could you be any more shameless, bad-mouthing Kenzo behind his back? You probably don't even know the first thing about Kenzo's background."
Kailee, oblivious and indifferent to Kenzo's stature, shrugged it off. She was wealthy, after all. "Just wait, I'll bring him over soon."
Right after her message, Lewis stepped out. Kailee hurriedly linked arms with him, trembling with excitement at the thought of showing up her so-called friends. Seeing her smug expression, Lewis knew she was up to no good. But what could he do, if not spoil her even more?
###Chapter 1465
Walking into the diner, Kailee held onto Lewis's arm like she was the queen bee, radiating with triumph.
"Oops, sorry we're late, everyone. Lewis had some last-minute data stuff to handle, and honestly, it was all Greek to me," she said, flashing a sweet smile.
Ruebin was floored seeing Lewis actually show up, and with Kailee hanging onto him, no less. The others were just as stunned. As Lewis settled in, with Kailee still glued to his side, she decided to rub it in a bit more, calling out to him in the most over-the-top affectionate way. "Honey, these are the girls I've been talking about. How about you treat us today?" she asked, her eyes gleaming with mischief.
Lewis's lips curled into a smile. "Sure thing."
Ruebin, sitting close to Kailee, felt a surge of disbelief and anger at her words. Could it really be? Had Kenzo gotten hitched this fast?
"Kenzo, did Kailee really dump you back then, and now you're married to her?" he asked, incredulous.
Kailee froze. If Lewis blurted out the truth now, she'd be the butt of tonight's jokes-even though they were married. Knowing Ruebin, he'd be hoping for a split just to swoop in and play the hero.
Lewis glanced at Kailee, noticing the guilt in her eyes, clearly worried her fib would come to light.
"Yeah, I waited for her for years," Lewis replied smoothly.
Ruebin's eyes widened in disbelief. It was hard to wrap his head around Lewis saying something like that.
Tears welled up in Ruebin's eyes, and she grabbed her purse, ready to bolt.
But Kailee wasn't about to let this moment of victory slip away. Just a moment ago, she was worried about being found out, but Lewis had played along perfectly!
Securing Lewis early on was the best decision she'd ever made, she thought. Now, no one would ever know their past.
She discreetly gave Lewis a thumbs-up, then turned to Ruebin with a smug grin.
"Oh, Ruebin, leaving already? My hubby finally got some time off. I hoped you all could get to know him better. I never imagined someone would think about me for so long. I'm so touched. I must have saved the galaxy in a past life, haha!" Kailee laughed heartily, her confidence filling the room.
The rest of the group couldn't take it anymore; this woman was too much.
Once everyone had left, Kailee looked around, confused.
"Why'd they all leave? I hadn't even started bragging yet."
She let go of Lewis's arm and sighed.
"They always go on about my education. If I wanted a degree, lo could just donate a building, right? It's just that I don't want to. You get it, Lewis? It's not that I can't; just don't want to." 
It wasn't that she didn't want to; she was just a bit lazy. Even if she did donate a building, she'd have to earn the grades to graduate, which was a hassle she wasn't keen on. But she didn't want Lewis to think less of her for not going to college. Even without attending, she'd heard all about his accomplishments. 
Lewis, seeing right through her, chuckled.
"Yeah, you're just not cut out for the ordinary."
That's exactly how Kailee wanted to describe herself but couldn't quite find the words.
"Exactly," she agreed, nodding enthusiastically.
Lewis couldn't help but laugh as Kailee continued to boast.
"Being with me is like hitting the jackpot. A character like mine is rare. If I hadn't decided against romance, you wouldn't have stood a chance."
It was as if her past rejection by King never happened. In her version, she was the one who decided not to pursue love.
Lewis kept smiling, and eventually, Kailee felt a bit sheepish about her exaggerations.
Clearing her throat, she suggested, "Let's not eat here. Even if we ordered the whole menu, it wouldn't
fill me up. Let's go to that restaurant we tried last time." 
###Chapter 1466
Arriving at the diner, Kailee waved confidently as she walked in. "Hey there, Auntie! Just the usual for me, but make it a double today, alright?"
Auntie glanced at Lewis, their eyes meeting briefly before they looked away. Kailee, always the life of the party, could chat up a storm with anyone. In a nutshell, she was a natural storyteller!
Once Auntie brought over their order, Kailee jumped right into the conversation. "So, Auntie, where did we leave off last time? Your son, the one with the unshakeable crush-did he manage to win back his ex-girlfriend, the one who dumped him?" Auntie gave Lewis a sidelong glance, unsure how to respond. What was the deal now? Did he get her back or not?
Lewis had always been fiercely independent, never involving his family in his business. Any decisions he made, he kept to himself. As parents, they never had to worry about him. Their family was well-off, and when he decided to become a doctor, no one ed. He studied psychology, then switched careers without a word to anyone. It was only through the news that Auntie learned about his career shift.
"He's probably still trying, but honestly, I don't know for sure."
Kailee raised an eyebrow in surprise. "Your son doesn't even give you a heads-up? That's kind of rebellious, isn't it?"
"My son values his independence. Whatever he chooses, we support him wholeheartedly."
Kailee nodded, flashing a cheeky grin. "Oh, by the way, I might need double helpings from now on. I got married today, and this is my husband."
Auntie's eyes went wide. "Say what now?"
Kailee repeated with a laugh. "Yep, I'm a married woman. This is my husband. Lucky guy, huh? I think so too!"
Kailee continued, her bragging in full swing. "My family's pretty wealthy, you know. I've mentioned investing in your diner to turn it into a North American chain, but you love this place too much. So I'll just keep coming here, but now it'll be with my husband." Auntie's eyes lit up, and she gave Kailee a congratulatory pat on the shoulder. "Well, congratulations!"
Kailee beamed. "Absolutely thrilled!
just saw those so-called friends of mine. They were fuming when they heard I married their dream guy. Almost fainted from shock!" 
She laughed, taking a deep breath. "So today, I'm eating for three!"
Auntie watched her fondly, finding her quite endearing, chattering away like a little sparrow. She had imagined her son, with his sharp mind, would fall for someone more intellectual. But he fell for someone lively and genuine. She chuckled was all that
softly-his happiness ckled
mattered. 
Lewis watched Kailee devouring her meal, her cheeks puffed like a chipmunk. With his head propped on one hand, he wasn't really focused on his food, just on her. When Kailee finished, she noticed his gaze and teased, "How do I look? Stunning enough to knock you out?"
Lewis chuckled, his shoulders shaking. "Yeah, absolutely stunning."
"Oh, and Lewis, you've got to see my mansion. Let's head there now. It's our home, and the code is 666666." Typical of her to go for something straightforward. Lewis ruffled her hair, his eyes full of affection. "Alright, I'll call the movers."
Kailee smiled, setting down her utensils, full and content. "I'll show you around now. I've got loads to share with you. I even made a pair of diamond wings-nobody's thought of that!" 
"Wow, impressive."
"Right? I'm pretty amazing. You're really lucky, you know."
Lewis laughed, leaning in to give her a quick kiss. "Yes, I am very lucky."
###Chapter 1467
Two months after Brielle's wedding, she was all set to jet off on a honeymoon with Max, leaving Dustin to steer the ship at Stellar Stage Entertainment once again.
After slogging through a marathon of meetings and sorting through a mountain of emails from Infinity Brilliance, Donny walked in with another stack of documents for Dustin to sign off on.
"Mr. Lynch, here are the invites for the artists and hosts for this year's Stellar Stage Entertainment annual gala. But Emma mentioned she's not feeling well and wants to skip it," Donny reported.
Emma, the top host at Stellar Stage Entertainment, skipping out? That raised Dustin's eyebrows.
This was the first gala since the company revamped its culture, making it mandatory for all signed artists. They even had gifts lined up and a ton of media set to cover the big event. Emma's absence would definitely be noticeable. Rubbing his temples, Dustin wondered what could possibly be wrong with the young host as he dialed her number.
Emma, seeing an unknown number, hesitated to pick up the call.
Meanwhile, Peyton was in the kitchen whipping up dinner. With their finances looking up, and Emma being pregnant and starting to show, they were focusing more on nutrition. Peyton, who used to be unsure about the local stores, had gotten used to going out shopping on her own, even if the prices still made her wince. But, with Emma's assurance that they could afford a more comfortable lifestyle, Peyton was slowly coming around.
As the chicken soup simmered in the slow cooker, filling the house with its comforting aroma, Peyton was also preparing a cucumber salad, one of Emma's cravings.
When Emma finally answered Dustin's call, she greeted him politely but tensed up at his question about skipping the gala.
"Mr. Lynch, I've already submitted a leave request due to health reasons," Emma said, keeping her tone steady.
Dustin leaned back, teasing, "What kind of health issue needs three months off? Are you hiding a secret lover's baby?"
Emma went quiet, prompting a chuckle from Dustin. "Come on, Emma. Earning what you do, is this really the path you're choosing? You know it could tank your career." Emma, after a moment, explained her situation, mentioning her mom's health as the reason she was staying home, with a promise to return once things got better. Dustin wrapped up the call by reminding her to let her Twitter followers know about her absence.
Emma logged into her Twitter account, where her follower count was already in the millions, mulling over Dustin's words about keeping personat decisions from wrecking her career. She was set on
Love
supporting her child on her own.
"Dinner's ready," Peyton called out, her recent weight gain a testament to their better circumstances. The news of Leona's family going bankrupt brought a hint of satisfaction to Peyton, considering past grievances.
Emma, realizing the struggles her
mom faced, reassured her, "Next time, speak up. We don't owe anyone anything. Stellar Stage
Entertainment is a great place net
and
they back us up if we ever face unfair treatment." 
Peyton, still coming to terms with their newfound fortune, sometimes felt like it was all a dream, fearing she might wake up back in the village. But with Emma's success and the support from Stellar Stage Entertainment, the future was looking bright. 
###Chapter 1468
"Hey Mom, just hang out here, okay? I'm heading to the mall for some baby stuff. You're not exactly a mall pro, so it's better if I go solo."
Peyton was a bit uneasy about letting a pregnant Emma wander around by herself. Even though she was generally healthy, the morning sickness had been relentless lately.
Hiring a nanny was off the table-way too expensive. Plus, their place was snug, perfect for two but kind of cramped with three.
Emma threw on a thicker jacket to cleverly hide her baby bump, popped on a hat, and headed out. She left a note behind with a list of things she needed to pick up.
Without a driver's license, getting a car was a no-go, regardless of her financial situation. She figured she'd wait until the baby arrived before tackling that.
As she entered the mall, she instinctively tugged her hat down a bit. Being somewhat of a celeb now, she was cautious about being recognized. If folks found out she was shopping for baby gear, the news of her pregnancy would be all over the internet. The first floor was all high-end stuff, and Emma decided to get a gold bracelet for her mom. Her mom had been upset about losing one before, and now that Emma could afford it, she was set on making it right.
She spotted a 60-gram bracelet that seemed perfect, and then her eyes landed on a stunning gold phoenix hairpin. She didn't need it, but the craftsmanship was mesmerizing.
"Could I see that one, please?" she asked.
Just as the salesperson was about to show it to her, a glamorous woman with a striking figure chimed in, "I love that! I want it, buy it for me, will you?"
Emma was momentarily taken aback and looked over to see Dustin standing next to the woman. She had a striking figure and a sun-kissed complexion, dressed lightly for the weather, clinging to Dustin's arm and sweet-talking him. Dustin, rubbing his temples, seemed a bit exasperated. "Yuna, since when did you start liking gold?"
He gestured at the hairpin, prompting the salesperson to hand it over. "Here you go, sir. We also have a variety of other designs, all crafted by artisans with over ten years of experience."
Emma was smitten with the hairpin,
but with Dustin and his girlfriend there, it was awkward to insist. After all, Dustin was her boss, and she had just taken some leave. 
She pulled her hat down further, about to leave, when Dustin spoke up. "Actually, wasn't this lady interested in the hairpin first?"
The salesperson, reminded by Dustin, awkwardly nodded at Emma. "Oh, right. Ma'am, do you still want the hairpin?"
Emma, dressed plainly, didn't exactly scream big spender, so the
salesperson was more eager to neg
serve Dustin, who looked like he had
deep pockets. 
Emma was about to say no, but her love for the piece made her disguise her voice a bit. "I'll take it. How much?"
The salesperson, surprised by her quick decision, replied, "That would be four thousand dollars."
Emma was ready to pay with her phone when Yuna ed. "Is there another one of these in stock?"
"Sorry, this is the last piece, and it might be two months before we get another one, due to the intricate craftsmanship. It's a slow restock process." 
Yuna gave Emma a once-over, then, in a negotiating tone, said, "I'll give you ten thousand as compensation. Can I have it?"
Her time was more precious than money; she couldn't wait two months.
Emma was stunned. Why pass up such an easy gain? "Well..."
Seeing Emma hesitate, Yuna's frustration was evident. "Twenty thousand."
Emma quickly pulled out her phone's payment app. "Deal. Scan here, and it's yours."
###Chapter 1469
Yuna turned her head, giving Dustin's sleeve a playful tug.
"Come on, buy it for me. I came all the way from North America just to see you. Hurry up; I've got my eye on a few more things."
Dustin had always been a softie when it came to women.
Dropping a few grand to make someone smile? He didn't even hesitate.
But when he scanned the payment, he noticed the account name was Moll, which made him raise an eyebrow.
Emma hadn't seen any payment notification on her phone and was about to ask about it when someone suddenly grabbed the brim of her hat. Dustin bent down, caught a glimpse of her face, and chuckled. "Thought you were sick?"
Emma froze, scrambling to pull her hat down, but Dustin had already seen her.
"Sick, huh? But you seemed pretty lively asking for a transfer. Wouldn't want folks thinking Stellar Stage Entertainment doesn't pay their people."
Emma's cheeks turned crimson with embarrassment.
She'd been lured by the thought of buying several designer hairpins with that money, thinking it was a deal she couldn't pass up.
She hadn't counted on Dustin recognizing her so easily.
Trying to play it cool, she acted like she'd only just noticed him.
"Oh wow, Mr. Lynch! My bad, didn't see you there."
Dustin found it amusing, even letting out a laugh. He never realized how great an actress the young host could be.
Caught, Emma couldn't push for the money anymore and politely handed over the hairpin.
"Since it's for Mr. Lynch's lady friend, I can't possibly take your money. Please, haha, I'll just browse elsewhere."
Her smile was strained as she adjusted her hat, planning to make a quick exit.
But Dustin wasn't letting her off that easily, pulling her back.
"Leaving without paying, are we?"
Emma regretted her little scheme more with each passing second, forcing another laugh.
"How could I take your money, Mr. Lynch? You're my boss! If I did, I could never show my face at Stellar Stage again."
Dustin squinted, a grin tugging at his lips.
"Really letting it go, then?"
"Yep, yep, letting it go. I'll come back another time."
She nodded eagerly, just wanting Dustin to let her go.
He released her, deciding not to press further.
Emma breathed a sigh of relief, walking away until she was sure his gaze was off her.
Meanwhile, Yuna looked at Dustin with surprise.
"A new girlfriend?"
"No, just a host from the company."
"So, she's next in line then? You're
Wo you know that? We've all been
working hard for you on sociale media, and you don't even care." 
Dustin ordered another tiara, "I'll get this for you too."
"You're the best."
Yuna tiptoed and planted a kiss on his cheek, leaving a bright lipstick mark.
Once the salesperson wrapped up the tiara and hairpin, Dustin handed over his card, paying forty grand.
"You know, if you're thinking about dating that host, maybe you should reconsider me. I've been waiting for you."
"Yuna, aren't you about to get married?"
Yuna sighed, "Yeah, but if you say the word, I'll call it off right now."
Dustin chuckled, "Let's not mess with fate. Think of these as wedding gifts. Now that you've decided to settle down, live happily." Yuna's smile faded, "You're heartless. Doesn't my wedding news even bother you?"
Still smiling, Dustin gently pinched her cheek.
"Better get going. Don't you have a shoot today?"
Nodding, Yuna left with her assistant.
Dustin, reminded of Irene's pregnancy, decided to shop for baby items.
Clueless about what to buy, he just went for the most expensive options.
Irene, never one for subtlety, had set up a chat group for gifts as soon as she found out she was pregnant.
Even Ricardo, who barely knew her, chipped in a grand.
Bryan's attempts to calm things down were futile; he had no say in the matter.
When Dustin reached the baby store upstairs, he spotted Emma again.
Recognizing her silhouette instantly from their earlier encounter, Emma was browsing baby bottles and strollers. Dustin frowned, piecing together her absence from Stellar Stage Entertainment.
"Hey, little host."
He tapped her shoulder from behind.
Emma startled, instinctively t
to slip away, but Dustin caught t hold of her collar, pulling her back.
belongs to en.kikist
His tone was casual yet probing.
"Feeling guilty, or can't face me? You denied having a secret baby, yet here you are in a baby store, having taken a few months off. Should I
believe you?" 
###Chapter 1470
Emma hadn't expected him to follow her upstairs. Now, she was drenched in cold sweat.
Her hat was lifted, and her long hair tumbled down her shoulders. Dustin glanced at her cheeks and couldn't resist lifting her chin gently. "Looking closely, you seem to have put on a bit of weight. Do you realize what being pregnant could mean for the company's image?" "Mr. Lynch, it's not me who's pregnant. It's just a friend of mine. I was just picking out a gift for her."
Dustin squinted, giving her a once-over. It was winter, and everyone was bundled up, making it hard to discern the truth from her appearance. Feeling the pressure, Emma instinctively sucked in her stomach.
"If you are pregnant, that's a breach of contract. Even streamers here are in the public eye, and you'd have to pay a hefty penalty. Everything you've worked for could just vanish."
This was typically the case for pop stars, where dating, let alone secretly having a child, was strictly off-limits. Emma's eyes widened in shock. Aubree had known about her pregnancy but hadn't breathed a word about any such rule. Seeing her panic, Dustin smirked. "I thought you said you weren't pregnant?"
In this kind of business talk, Emma was clearly outmatched, and her real fears were laid bare. "Come on, tell me. Who's the father?"
With Dustin now running Stellar Stage Entertainment and Emma being the most popular streamer, he had every right to inquire. A leak could be a massive blow to her, especially with fans who saw her as their virtual spouse. Emma's lashes fluttered down, her fingers nervously toying with the baby bottle she'd picked out, staying silent.
Dustin's gaze sharpened. "Little streamer, I'm asking you this as your boss."
Emma closed her eyes, taking a steadying breath. "It's the top donor in my stream."
Dustin's brow furrowed. The top donor? Hadn't he always been her biggest supporter, dropping over ten million to secure her spot as the top streamer at Stellar Stage Entertainment? Others had donated, but none came close to his level.
"Ah, Mr. Lynch, you remember when I trended because of a big donation from boss 0000? He's been a huge support. This child is his. I honestly didn't know about this company policy."
Emma was genuinely clueless,
el.t
which only added to her confusion. Especially after Dustin mentioned that her earnings wouldn't cover the penalties, it terrified her. She'd fought tooth and nail for her current lifestyle. If it all fell apart, what would happen to her mother, or the child she was carrying? 
Feeling overwhelmed, her palms were slick with anxiety. Dustin remained silent, standing there.
If it wasn't him, it had to be boss
0000. He almost believed her story. Since she'd become the top
streamer he'd been scarce, busy managing two companies. This little streamer wasn't being truthful, protecting that man. Was it true love? 
Her background wasn't the best, and now, at such a pivotal moment, she was ready to risk everything for a man's child. It was hard to
comprehend. Men and women net
should both focus on their careers, especially someone like her who had seen how hard life could be. 
Dustin's expression turned colder. He'd been joking around before, not taking it seriously, but now he was genuinely annoyed.
"In three days, bring the father to Stellar Stage Entertainment. Your agent will spell out the stakes. Decide together whether keeping the child is worth it."
Having a child now would be a devastating blow to her career! If this ever got out, those men who had donated could easily claim she'd defrauded them. Emma, naive about the entertainment world, had oversimplified things. Hearing him mention ending the pregnancy made her go pale. Dustin, usually patient with women, sighed at her reaction.
"Think it over carefully."
###Chapter 1471
Emma felt like she was just going through the motions during her shopping trip.
When she got home, Peyton immediately noticed something was off and rushed to help her inside.
"Emma, what's going on? You look terrible."
Emma shook her head, feeling like her brain was about to burst. She tossed her shopping bags aside and jumped online to search, "What happens to streamers who secretly have babies?" The search results were pretty mortifying. It seemed others had faced this before, and once it came out, they disappeared from the scene, leaving their reputations in tatters.
Emma's headache worsened. She wanted to quit streaming right then and there. The money she was making only just covered her expenses anyway.
Sure, it'd be a letdown, but it seemed better than facing cyberbullying down the line.
Yet, she'd signed a five-year contract with Stellar Stage Entertainment, and breaking it would mean coughing up a hefty penalty.
She hadn't really thought it through before. Now, as it weighed on her, she let out a small sigh.
Her streaming time was coming up fast, so she pushed her thoughts aside and started her live stream.
As soon as she went live, she noticed Mr. 0000, a major supporter, was online. Since her debut, he hadn't shown up, despite fans leaving messages asking where he'd gone, without any replies. Seeing him, Emma realized she hadn't thanked him yet. Her debut owed a lot to him, after all.
While chatting with her fans, she clicked on his profile.
"Hey, I never got to say this, but I've signed with a company. Thanks a bunch for your support. How about dinner sometime?"
Dustin, reading her message, raised an eyebrow.
Earlier, she'd claimed she was carrying Mr. 0000's child, which was a total lie. Now, she was reaching out for a chat and even suggesting meeting up. What was on her mind?
A streamer meeting her top donor could sure spin a tale.
But Emma didn't seem to realize this.
She seemed off today. Was she just in a bad mood?
Emma used her real name as her username, and she felt a bit flustered when he called her by it.
Dustin's words had gotten to her, which was why she was off her game today. But not wanting to let her fans down, she tried her best to engage and chat, unaware he had seen right through her. "Yeah, a bit, Mr. 0000. When are you coming to Beaconsfield? I'd love to treat you to dinner."
"I'll actually be in Beaconsfield soon."
Emma's eyes lit up, eager to finally meet the man who'd helped her so much.
"Great, if you do come, drop me a message. Can I add you on WhatsApp?"
Dustin's social media was surprisingly low-key, especially compared to his public image. He
set his posts to disappear after three days and rarely posted anything
new. 
en FindNovel
He shared his WhatsApp, and Emma added him right away.
Her verification message read: "It's Emma."
Dustin accepted the request.
Emma had always been curious about this generous benefactor. She browsed through his social circle, which was devoid of any updates, leaving her a bit let down. Once her stream ended, she messaged him on WhatsApp.
"Boss, have you had dinner?"
"Yeah. You seem down today?"
Emma needed someone to talk to but hesitated, worried that if she mentioned her pregnancy, he might think she was pulling a fast one on him, like Dustin had suggested. 
She didn't reply right away, and Dustin, sensing her reluctance, offered some comfort.
"If something's up, you can talk to me. Think of me as a friend."
Emma, unable to hold it in any longer, opened up about her problem.
"I've got an issue and don't know who to talk to about it."
"Emma, I'm here to listen."
Emma knew this man, who'd helped her rise to fame without asking for anything inappropriate, wasn't supporting her for personal gain.
Candice had warned her about meeting big donors, saying it could lead to gossip.
But Emma felt Mr. 0000 was a good person.
"Boss, I signed with a company but didn't pay much attention to the contract details. Now I'm pregnant. planned to quietly have the baby and then report to the company, keeping it under wraps. But today, my boss noticed I'm pregnant and wasn't very nice about it. Now, I'm really confused." 
At last, they were getting to the crux of the issue.
###Chapter 1472
Dustin logged onto the platform today with one goal in mind: to get some info out of her. She wasn't about to spill the truth to Dustin directly, but she might just let her guard down with this so-called "Mr. Zero" - after all, he was the one who jump-started her career. "So, who's the baby's dad?" Dustin wondered.
Emma hesitated for a few minutes before finally responding: "The father doesn't want the baby, and he's not interested in being with me. I've stopped hoping for us to be together. I can manage as a single mom on my salary, but I'm worried about breaking my contract. Boss, do you know anything about contract breaches?"
Dustin read her message and instantly got it. Emma had been duped. The guy who got her pregnant wanted nothing to do with the kid or her. Classic jerk move, right? Given Emma's modest background and limited experience with guys, she probably fell for some sweet talk and ended up in this mess.
Dustin's brow furrowed deeply. "Sort it out now before it becomes a big deal. You're making good money, so why leave yourself vulnerable? Plus, your boss already knows. If she decides to pull the plug on everything you've worked for, she can. Don't risk it." Emma's hands shook, and tears filled her eyes. But she was already three months pregnant. Terminating now could harm her health. Her bump was getting noticeable, hidden under a big coat. Every night, she could feel the baby kicking. How could she even think about termination now?
When Dustin didn't get a reply, he figured she might be crying. After all, she got played by a jerk and now faced a potential financial mess.
"Don't worry too much," he tried to comfort her. "Your boss hasn't taken legal action yet. There's still a way to fix this. But it's best to be honest about the baby's father. The company would rather be prepared than kept in the dark."
Emma felt a lump in her throat, almost blurting out that the baby was her boss's. But that would just lead to more questions and complications. She was lost in thought until Peyton walked in.
"Emma, why don't you take a shower and get some rest? You're pregnant; you shouldn't be up all night."
Emma nodded, putting down her phone. After her shower, she still felt uneasy. The morning sickness had been intense lately. During her livestreams, she would sometimes feel so nauseous that she'd have to excuse herself, claiming she felt unwell, then sneak off to the bathroom to quietly throw up.
Living under so much pressure, she had been walking on eggshells. Now that Dustin knew, he'd given her three days to bring the baby's father to Stellar Stage Entertainment. But where was she supposed to find him?
Feeling suffocated, Emma reminded
herself to stay calm for the baby's sake. But her stomach churned again. Heading to the bathroom, nothing came up. Streaming required makeup, and she stuck to herbal skincare products out of concern for the baby. Even her hair dye was the priciest brand, despite the doctor's advice against it. 
People are too greedy, she mused. She had fought hard for what she had and was determined to hold onto it. After buying her mom a smartphone, she finally saw her mother find a bit of joy in showing it off to others.
Phones were everywhere now, but back when they were struggling, neither she nor her mother had one, unlike their neighbors. Her mom memorized everyone's numbers and eagerly shared her own. Their departure from the village had been far from graceful, and everyone was waiting to see them fall flat.
But when someone called to mock
Peyton, she stood tall and proudly declared, "I've got a house in Beaconsfield now, thanks to my daughte I'm almost back to full- health, thanks to the best hospitals in Beaconsfield. She even bought me a gold bracelet that cost a fortune, and the house? That cost hundreds of thousands. My Emma's really made something of herself." 
The caller couldn't believe it. How could a young woman earn so much so quickly? In their view, women needed men to succeed. Sure, there were men from their village working in Beaconsfield, but the high living costs there meant saving a few thousand was tough. Yet, Emma and Peyton had managed to buy a house worth hundreds of thousands in under a year. 
"Yeah, right," the caller scoffed. "You couldn't even afford a house in the county, and now you're saying you've got one in Beaconsfield?"
###Chapter 1473
If this had been back in the day, Peyton would've been absolutely livid. But things were different now. Her daughter was rolling in dough, and even if she shouted it from the rooftops, no one in the village would buy it. Why waste her breath? Just enjoy life, she thought. As expected, when Peyton mentioned Emma was pulling in millions every month, the person on the other end burst into hysterical laughter, accusing her of being delusional. After hanging up, Peyton let out a cold snort. "Short-sighted fools, my Emma really is making that much!" Emma overheard this and couldn't help but chuckle, feeling a warm sense of pride. Yet, the thought of confronting Dustin dampened her mood. Was she really considering hiring someone to pretend to be her child's father? It seemed like the only solution left.
She quickly spread the word, offering a grand to anyone willing to play the role of her baby's dad, provided they could keep their mouth shut. Being a popular streamer now, Emma needed someone who wouldn't buckle under pressure. But after scouring for options, she realized relying on her own resources was too risky. If the truth got out, it would affect too many people.
With no other choice, she called Aubree for help. They met at a cozy café for afternoon tea. Aubree had just finished shooting a film and was enjoying a short break, sipping juice at a leisurely pace.
"So, Dustin knows you're pregnant, but you want to keep it from him that he's the dad?" Aubree was one of the few who knew the truth.
Emma nodded, her face clouded with concern. "Aubree, I thought about finding someone to pretend, but with my fanbase, if I pick the wrong person, this whole thing could explode."
Aubree frowned, hesitant to get tangled in such affairs. If Emma and Dustin ended up together and he found out she was complicit in hiding the truth, she'd be in a tight spot.
"Aubree, I just want to raise this child on my own. The gap between Dustin and me is just too wide." It might sound unbelievable, but she truly hadn't planned on marrying Dustin.
Aubree remained silent, unsure about Dustin's feelings for Emma. If Dustin did have feelings, it was only a matter of time before they got together. Few could resist Dustin's charm; when he turned on the charm, it was irresistible.
Rubbing her temples, Aubree knew
she couldn't simply help Emma with
Lover
a deception. Emma, I wouldn't recommend getting someone to play the dad. And don't lie to Dustin. He's sharp. Not many can pull the wool over his eyes. Maybe just share part of the truth-say the father won't acknowledge you or join you at Stellar Stage Entertainment. That should be enough for Dustin. He's usually pretty understanding with women." 
Emma blinked, then stood up. "Aubree, I understand. I'll try to have an open conversation with Mr. Lynch."
Aubree felt a pang of guilt for not
being more helpful. After Emma left, she noticed Dustin's social media update: "Arrived in Beaconsfield." He'd been in Beaconsfield for ages, so the sudden post was odd. She couldn't resist leaving a question mark in the comments. Soon, Brielle and Keiran chimed in with their own question marks, knowing Dustin had been there all along, puzzled by his airport photo. 
Emma, seeing her boss's post, brightened up and quickly replied, "Boss, since you're in Beaconsfield, let me treat you to dinner." After sending the message, she felt a mix of excitement and nerves. She owed him so much, and with him in town, not offering a meal would be rude. 
Dustin saw the notification and knew he'd hooked her. "Sure."
Emma, seeing his quick reply, suddenly felt a flutter of nerves. Was this what they called meeting an online friend in real life?
###Chapter 1474
She had never experienced anything like this before, and thinking about how it was all to honor the person who had kickstarted her career made her want to make it extra special. Not knowing much about the fancy dining spots in Beaconsfield, she did a quick online
search and booked a place that had great reviews.
"When might the boss be free? I've already set up the dinner reservation," she said.
Dustin, of course, wasn't planning on showing up in person. "I'm here on business. I'll reach out to you once I'm done," he replied.
Emma nodded, figuring his hectic schedule might not allow for a get-together. After tucking his phone away, Dustin got a call from Brielle.
"Hey, what's up with your social media posts?" Brielle asked. After months in Beaconsfield, it seemed odd for him to post something like that.
"Just having a bit of fun," Dustin replied.
"You're not actually fishing for something, are you?" she teased.
Brielle and Max were on their honeymoon. She initially wanted to bring Isaac, but he couldn't bear to leave his little fur babies back at Premier Palace, so it was just the two of them on this trip.
Dustin chuckled, "Yeah, fishing. Let's see if I catch anything. Are you and Max enjoying the honeymoon?"
"Yeah, I'm about to go diving," Brielle said before hanging up, ready to dive in despite it being winter in Beaconsfield. The weather was perfect for a bikini.
Motherhood hadn't touched her figure; her stomach was still flat and smooth. Her white swimsuit made her skin glow, catching eyes all around, something Max noticed with a slight frown.
But Brielle, not picking up on it, just reminded him, "Make sure you get photos of me with the fish. I want everything captured."
Seeing the attention she was getting, Max wished they'd gone skiing instead, where she'd be all bundled up, rather than showing off at the beach. Brielle's beauty was striking, with her fair skin and curves in all the right places.
Not wanting to spoil her fun, Max joined her in the dive. Like a mermaid, her hair flowed through the water, and her joy was evident when she swam with the fish, playfully making a peace sign. Max smiled, unable to resist snapping lots of photos. Out of the water, Brielle rushed to remove her goggles and check the photos. "How did they turn out?" she asked eagerly.
"They're beautiful," Max assured her, causing her cheeks to blush.
Fresh out of the water, her delicate look drew even more attention, so Max wrapped his arms around her and said, "Okay, diving's over."
"But I wanted to catch some seafood," she protested, aware of the eyes on them.
Understanding the attention those looks brought, Max carried her back to their hotel room nearby. Once inside, he started running a bath, prompting Brielle to joke, "So, a romantic bath is in order?"
Before she could say more, she found herself in the bath with him, in a room Dream Tech Designs had long prepared for him.
In the past days, Brielle had been careful about not leaving marks on her skin because of the swimsuits she wore around Max. But now, Max couldn't resist, leaving his mark from her neck downward despite her playful ions about needing to fish the next day. 
He agreed verbally but continued to shower her with affection. Brielle couldn't truly resist, and soon warmth spread across her cheeks.
"Brielle, the doctor said you're ready for another child," Max murmured, gently tracing her leg. "Have you thought about it?"
He wasn't pushing for another child
but genuinely wanted her opinion. Brielle did want to have another child with Max, given their love and financial stability. Her only worry was tsaac's feelings, having grown up without them and just now accepting Max. 
"Max, let's talk it over with Isaac when we get back," she suggested.
Max chuckled softly, kissing her leg in agreement. "Okay," he said.
What followed was natural and intimate. Brielle felt a bit silly, sensing Max's jealousy over her attire. By morning, she was too exhausted for any seafood fishing, feeling utterly drained.
After a bath, Max gently took care of
her, then they returned to bed. Brielle's dark hair spread across the white pillow, her beauty captivating Max, who sat by the bed, fighting the urge to kiss her but respecting her need to rest. He stepped out to the balcony with a cigarette, his desire to have her to himself growing stronger, wishing she'd dress just for him. 
###Chapter 1475
He was desperate for another child with her-so much so that it even filled his dreams. Before they set off, he'd grilled the doctor multiple times to make sure her health was top-notch. He figured their honeymoon was the perfect opportunity to try a bit harder, charming her
into the idea more often. But Brielle, being as meticulous as she was, left him no room for maneuver.
If it were King, he might have resorted to sneaky tactics, like poking holes in the condom. But Max could never bring himself to do something like that. Midway through his cigarette, a thought caught him off guard. If King was truly gone, why was he feeling this way? If they had really become one, shouldn't he be the one considering such underhandedness?
He frowned, putting out his cigarette in the ashtray and feeling an unexpected wave of irritation. On his way back to the room, he took a pit stop in the bathroom, scrubbing the smoke smell off himself with care. As soon as he saw her curled up on the bed, his heart melted. Climbing in beside her, he gently pulled her into his arms.
Brielle snuggled closer, finding a comfy spot against him, her voice soft and dreamy. "Mmm, Max, why aren't you asleep yet?" He was about to answer but noticed her eyes were tightly shut-she was talking in her sleep. He chuckled softly, tracing his fingertip along the bridge of her nose.
When Brielle woke up, the first thing she did was reach for her swimsuit from the night before. She'd picked it out carefully in Beaconsfield, and it was particularly alluring. But spotting the torn remains on the floor reminded her that Max, in his eagerness, had ripped it apart. It was her favorite, and she felt a pang of loss. She dug around in her suitcase and pulled out a pink swimsuit instead.
Max walked in just as she slipped into the pink one, and his eyes widened at the sight. It looked even better than the last one, highlighting her porcelain skin. He could already imagine the stares from other men if she wore it out. His mood darkened instantly. Oblivious, Brielle was searching through her jewelry box for a necklace to match. She finally settled on a pink gemstone necklace, adding an anklet that glimmered with every step. Max's gaze followed her every move, especially when she fastened the anklet, his brow furrowing.
""Take it off."
Brielle paused, finally noticing him. She stood up and gave a little twirl. "Doesn't it look good?"
Ever since everything in Beaconsfield wrapped up, she had been in a state of bliss, practically glowing. Her hair was tied back in a simple low ponytail, her radiant face could make anyone she met want to snap a photo. And with her current outfit... "Change it."
His voice was calm but firm. He mentally ran through her wardrobe but remembered she'd mostly- packed swimsuits for the beach. Feeling the pressure, he called
Patrick right away. 
"Book us a ski resort. Brielle and I are heading there tonight."
Brielle looked surprised, then let out an amused sigh. "Weren't we planning to stay here for a month? Max, why the sudden switch to skiing?"
Max grabbed a blanket and wrapped it snugly around her. "Didn't you say you wanted to ski?"
"Well, yes, but not right now. This messes up our plans."
"If you really want to enjoy the island vibe later 'll buy an island. We'll take little Zhi Liao and Noir with us. It get Patrick to look into it, so we can avoid any unwanted attention." 
Finally catching on, Brielle playfully sniffed the air. "Does it smell sour in here? Did someone spill some vinegar?"
Max didn't think he was in the wrong
.n
and planted a kiss on her cheek. I'm already working on finding a
beautiful island for a family vacation, just the three of us, with no
interruptions." 
Watching him start packing for skiing, Brielle felt a sense of resignation but couldn't help smiling. What could she do? After all, he was her man. "You know, I never realized just how jealous you could get."
###Chapter 1476
Max was packing their bags when he heard her sigh. His fingers paused for just a moment before he went back to it.
"Take it easy, I've got this," he assured her.
Brielle sprawled out on the bed, feeling a bit let down. Here she was, all dolled up with nowhere to go. What a waste, she thought.
Max worked quickly, getting their luggage sorted in no time, then handed her a comfy set of clothes.
"Slip these on, we're heading out soon," he said.
Brielle let out another sigh but did as she was told. The outfit was her usual choice for a laid-back day, nothing too flashy, which seemed to sit well with Max.
Once they were on the private jet, Brielle found all her skiing gear neatly laid out for her. She had only ever skated on ice rinks, never on real snow.
A day later, they arrived at the snowy mountains, and the sight of the vast, icy expanse took her breath away-it was a whole different kind of beauty from summer's warmth.
After settling in at the hotel and shaking off the jet lag, she was eager for Max to teach her how to ski.
The ski slopes were divided into beginner, intermediate, advanced, and professional levels. The professional slope was nearly empty, meant for the truly brave and skilled. Brielle, being a rookie, nervously made her way to the beginner slope.
Max, ditching his signature suit for some sporty casual wear, looked surprisingly youthful. Yet, his charisma was undeniable, drawing attention even in the crowd.
They hadn't been out of the hotel long before Max started attracting admirers like bees to honey.
Brielle's mood took a nosedive. Now she knew exactly how Max felt when others were flirting with her at the beach.
It was like being submerged in a sea of jealousy.
Luckily, Max was quick to turn down the advances, staying focused on teaching Brielle.
After a short while, her legs started to feel the burn-a reminder of their late-night escapades.
Curious, she asked, "Max, if you weren't stuck with me, which slope would you be on?"
Max, looking effortlessly cool with his glasses and helmet, exuded a confidence that was hard to miss.
"Want to see?" he asked with a sly grin.
Brielle nodded eagerly. After all, everyone loves a bit of praise from their partner; it's a universal joy.
"I'll show you," Max said, heading toward the professional slope. The blonde from earlier was there, greeting him in French.
Max nodded politely, then took off down the slope, performing with a skill that drew applause from all around. Brielle's heart swelled with pride, albeit tinged with jealousy. 
en FindNovel
Max was exceptional, a standout even by the Dorsey family's high standards, proof of his extraordinary talent in everything he did.
When Max finished, the blonde skier
was quick to praise him, inviting him
to join her for a run, clearly
swnover.
interested in more than just skiing. 
Brielle watched, fuming, wishing she was somewhere else-like diving in the ocean.
She took a deep breath, ready to stride over, but Max signaled her to stay put for safety's sake amidst the crowd.
Even knowing Max would turn the woman down didn't ease Brielle's annoyance. She turned her head, feigning disinterest in his performance. 
Max's face darkened at her reaction.
###Chapter 1477
All that showing off for nothing. Brielle couldn't help but laugh at the look of defeat on Max's face. "Wow, that was quite the performance. Even better than some pros I've seen." Max's mood improved as he knelt down to unstrap her gear, and Brielle felt a bit guilty for teasing him. "Max, is there anything you can't do?"
He was talented with so many instruments, managed the company flawlessly, and was ridiculously good-looking. Did the universe forget to give him any flaws? As Max helped her with her equipment and heard her compliment, a pleased smile spread across his face. "If I had any flaws, I wouldn't be worthy of you."
Brielle's cheeks turned crimson. She used to think King's straightforward flirting was overwhelming, but now Max's words had the same effect, making her heart race and her knees weak. As Max got up, he noticed her bashfully covering her face and chuckled. He took her hand and led her toward the beginner's slope. "I'll keep teaching you. If you want to learn, you've got to focus, or you'll fall."
"Okay, okay." Brielle's mind was a blank slate, the thought of skiing far from her mind. As she slid down the slope, her legs gave way, sending her careening straight down. "Brielle!"
Max shouted as he swiftly skied in front of her, catching her in his arms. The momentum, however, sent them crashing into a tree. Wincing in pain, Max immediately checked on her. "Are you okay?"
Brielle, panicking, scrambled out of his embrace. "I'm fine, but what about you? Did you hurt your back?"
Max was relieved she was unharmed. "As long as you're okay." But Brielle insisted they check his back at the hotel.
With no way to refuse, Max agreed. Thankfully, his thick clothing had prevented any serious injury. As Max took off his shirt, he quickly went to close the door and led her to a chair, intending to ease her worries 
"Max, we need to go out later," she reminded him.
QUMS
His response was to kiss her, leaving her speechless. "Brielle, we should talk to Xiao Zhi about planning for our second child," he murmured between kisses, leaving her agreeing in a daze.
Nearby, Emma leaned against a chair, her face pale from severe morning sickness. With a live stream scheduled soon, she felt too weak to continue and had to apologize to her fans on Twitter. Instantly, thousands of supportive messages flooded in, urging her to rest. 
Peyton watched with concern. Emma had always been healthy, rarely sick, so her current state was alarming. "Emma, maybe we should go to the hospital?"
Emma shook her head, worried
about being recognized and sparking rumors about her
pregnancy Peyton felt anxious. In
their small town, pregnancy care was basic, often just a bowl of chicken soup. Yet he knew the dangers of childbirth without proper medical care. For many women, giving birth was like walking through death's door. 
###Chapter 1478
Peyton's eyes flared up with a fiery anger. "Damn it," she muttered, "if I ever run into that jerk, I'll definitely give him a piece of my mind!"
"Emma, just take it easy at home today. We're not streaming. We're not exactly hurting for cash at the moment, so let's wait until you're feeling better." Emma nodded, looking as pale as a ghost, and sank into the couch nearby.
The house was always spotless, thanks to Peyton's meticulous cleaning. Lately, she'd been making chicken soup non-stop, but just the smell made Emma queasy.
She craved something with a kick but wasn't sure what Beaconsfield had to offer. Hesitantly, she said, "Mom, I really feel like something spicy."
Peyton's face lit up at the suggestion. "You want spicy, huh? They say craving spicy means you're having a girl."
Living together in the cramped space for months, Emma had once mentioned wanting a daughter, which Peyton hadn't openly opposed, but she seemed a bit off about it.
In their town, folks thought daughters were a burden; once they were grown, all you got was a dowry. A son, though, could bring a wife home to care for the family. To them, raising a daughter was like raising someone for another family, while a son was an asset.
Peyton had been hoping for a grandson, but Emma's reasoning and desire not to upset her had started to change Peyton's old-school thinking. Now, she could even joke about it.
"I'll whip up some spicy dishes tonight. Let me run out and grab some groceries."
"Okay."
Emma, too drained to tag along, curled up on the couch, gently cradling her growing belly.
With three months to go, she could only fit into her roomiest down jacket.
Her phone buzzed with a message from her boss.
Feeling unwell?
Yeah, the morning sickness is pretty rough.
Since Emma had been upfront about her pregnancy, there was no point in hiding it now.
Weren't you going to meet with your boss? Have you figured out what to say?
I'll just tell him the truth. Lying's not right. I considered hiring someone to pretend, but my boss is too sharp. He'd see right through that.
When she praised his smarts, Dustin smirked and raised an eyebrow but stayed silent, his fingers idly spinning his phone.
Boss, thanks for understanding. I was worried about backlash after being honest with you. I know being pregnant before marriage isn't ideal, but I didn't see this coming until it was too late. I thought about ending the pregnancy because of the stigma back home. Leaving with my mom was humiliating, but as the baby grows, the initial bitterness fades, and now I just hope for a safe birth. 
Dustin could only imagine how tough it was for a woman to face pregnancy out of wedlock in a conservative community. Society seemed to always blame the woman, while the man involved usually vanished into thin air. 
He'd been set on having a serious talk with Emma, thinking she should consider ending the pregnancy-not for the company's sake, but for her own.
Reaching this point in her life hadn't been easy, and it seemed reckless to risk everything for a man or a baby.
In his view, a woman shouldn't sacrifice her career for a man. Men might change, but a career and the security it brings are constant.
Yet, reading her message about moving past her initial sadness, he found he couldn't bring himself to persuade her.
He tapped his fingers on the desk, then couldn't resist replying.
Do you love the baby's father?
Emma's response was quick, showing she'd given this a lot of thought.
I don't love him, nor do I dare to. I'm out of his league. Coming to Beaconsfield made me see the huge gaps between people, way beyond what ever imagined. Once I realized this, knew we had no future. Let him be the moon in his sky. 
She'd once basked in the moonlight, but that didn't mean she could selfishly pull it from the sky.
Growing up, when others gave her and her mother disdainful looks, Emma dreamed of a day when her hard work would lead to success.
But when the time came for college and she couldn't afford it, even her teacher, who had felt sorry for her, cut ties.
The few thousand dollars that stood between her and Beaconsfield was also the distance between her and her dreams. She had never imagined how rough the road to success would be, with time and distance being such harsh adversaries.
###Chapter 1479
"He should just keep being my moon in the sky, and that's fine."
Dustin stared at the message, his brows furrowed deeply. How much understanding does it take to say something like that? No resentment at all?
Her life had changed completely because of this child, and yet she felt no bitterness? Why blame him? It's not like it was his fault. Honestly, I allowed it to happen. If I'd said no from the start, he wouldn't have laid a finger on me. It was my own doing, caught up in the moment. Hating Dustin would be absurd. Dustin was at a loss for words.
The next day, Emma had prepared herself mentally for what lay ahead. As she pushed open the office door, she already had a plan on how to explain things to the company. Worst case, she'd have to give back the apartment and the money she'd earned. But maybe she could talk to Dustin, see if she could keep a million considering her dedication and hard work over the past few months. With that, she could buy a cozy house in town, invest in her mom's retirement, and find a job to raise her child in peace. Before she could say anything, she felt Dustin's complicated gaze on her as soon as she walked in. Was he pitying her? Confused, she hadn't even spoken yet.
"Mr. Lynch?"
Dustin rubbed his forehead, his tone softening. "So, what's your plan with the baby?"
Emma shared her thoughts, a bit worried he might not agree, especially about keeping some money for herself. "Mr. Lynch, I hope you can consider all my hard work."
Dustin's brows furrowed. He had never met anyone like Emma. She covered for the guy and asked for nothing, and even now, with her career on the line, she didn't complain.
"Emma, you're making millions a month. Have you thought about how different life will be later? Someday, when you argue with your child, you might bring this up. The child would have to bear that guilt and blame. Have you thought about their feelings?" Dustin was blunt. A child is a reflection of their parents. Constantly saying, "I gave up a lucrative career for you," can lead to resentment and depression.
Emma looked at him with resolve.
"Mr. Lynch, this is my choice. I
promise I'll never mention this to my
child. I understand what you're
saying, but once I'm back in my hometown, I'll forget all about Beaconsfield. I've already received so much. Maybe a million doesn't mean much to you, but not many people can save that in a lifetime. And besides, I'm still young." 
Youth is about daring to make mistakes and giving oneself the chance to learn from them. Dustin found her stubborn, rubbing his forehead again. He couldn't suggest she terminate the pregnancy.
After a few moments of silence, he
sighed. "Do what you feel is right. If you're not feeling well, just stream occasionally. It's better than going back to town. I won't try to change 
Emma's eyes lit up, disbelief written all over her face. Dustin stood up, grabbing his coat. "You took a cab here. Let me drive you home."
"Ah? Oh, okay, thank you, Mr. Lynch."
Emma was surprised at how agreeable Dustin was. No wonder he had so many ex-girlfriends who still got along with him. When he was gentle, it was truly heartwarming.
In his car, she settled into the passenger seat. Noticing she hadn't buckled up, Dustin leaned over. Emma startled, moving aside.
Seeing her reaction, Dustin chuckled. "Emma, what are you doing?"
His fingers hooked the seatbelt, leaning down to fasten it for her. Emma's heart raced, realizing she'd overreacted, and quickly tried to laugh it off. "Sorry, Mr. Lynch, I usually sit in the back and forgot the passenger seat needs a seatbelt. My mistake." Dustin held back a laugh, secured the seatbelt, and asked, "Where do you live?"
Emma gave him her address, and Dustin set the navigation. It was rush hour, and traffic was heavy. This was the first time Emma shared such close space with Dustin feeling nervous, her hands gripping the seatbelt tightly Dustin, noticing her tension, turned on some music. With the car no longer silent, Emma finally relaxed a bit. 
###Chapter 1480
Emma had underestimated her morning sickness, especially with the traffic moving in fits and starts. Her face turned pale quickly, and she couldn't fight the urge to vomit. "Mr. Lynch," she managed to say.
Dustin glanced over, noticing her discomfort, and promptly pulled the car over.
"Feeling sick?" he asked.
Emma nodded, her hands shaky as she fumbled with the seatbelt. "I'm really sorry," she muttered before opening the car door.
Dustin dashed to a nearby convenience store, returning with a small trash can lined with a trash bag and a bottle of mineral water.
Emma sat on a nearby bench, looking like she might lose her breakfast at any moment. Dustin placed the trash can in front of her just in time.
Unable to hold it back, Emma leaned over and vomited, her stomach heaving until it felt like there was nothing left.
Dustin handed her the water, and she gratefully rinsed her mouth, her eyes red and watery. "I'm sorry, Mr. Lynch," she said, embarrassed to have such a polished man see her like this.
Offering her some tissues, Dustin said, "My dad always told me my mom had terrible morning sickness too. She couldn't even ride in a car, so she stayed home during her pregnancies."
His words eased some of Emma's embarrassment. She started to see why so many women were drawn to him; being around him felt so comforting. It was only his status or looks that might make someone nervous. Emma, still feeling queasy, stayed quiet. Dustin gently patted her back. "Feeling any better?" he asked.
With her father long gone and the father of her unborn child absent too, Emma sighed deeply. "When's your due date?" Dustin inquired.
"Three months from now," she replied.
Emma's bulky down jacket hid her belly well, so Dustin couldn't gauge how far along she was. He advised, "You should stay home for the next few months. Your mom might not be up to speed on taking care of a pregnant woman. You've got some money now; maybe hire a nanny?" 
Emma had thought about it but worried about Peyton's reaction. Her mom felt her only purpose now was caring for her daughter, and a nanny might make her question her role. Aging comes with the fear of becoming redundant. "I'm thinking about it," Emma said.
After sitting quietly for half an hour, Emma started feeling better. She noticed Dustin had stayed with her the whole time and worried she might be keeping him from work.
"Mr. Lynch, you should head back. I can get a cab home," she suggested.
Seeing she was recovering, Dustin
went to dispose of the trash can, but Emma quickly took it from him, not wanting him to handle something so dirty. She hurried to the large bin, tossing it in. Dustin found her flustered state amusing. 
Back in the car, Emma's phone rang. It was Peyton, asking where she was.
"Mom, I'll be home soon," Emma reassured her.
Peyton, worried about Emma's severe morning sickness, had been waiting outside. She watched as an expensive-looking car pulled up and Emma got out with a man. Peyton's eyes narrowed. In their small-town lingo, wasn't that the guy who got Emma pregnant? She was ready to storm over but paused when she saw Emma nodding politely to the man, who waved casually in return. She remembered seeing him once when she was bedridden. His striking appearance was unforgettable. She was certain it was him!
But Emma seemed so composed. Once inside, Peyton confronted her, "Emma, is that him? The jerk who got you pregnant?"
Emma worried her mom might actually confront Dustin. With her mom more confident now that they were financially stable, what if she did? Their peaceful life could be upended.
"No, mom, that's my boss. You were always in the back room back then and probably didn't see him. You don't know what he looks like."
Peyton noticed the unease in Emma's face and scoffed internally. She'd snuck out once when Emma went to gather herbs and saw that man sunbathing in the yard. She'd never forget that celestial beauty. She was absolutely sure it was him! 
###Chapter 1481
"You're the boss at Stellar Stage Entertainment?"
"Yeah."
Emma wasn't too thrilled about chatting about Dustin, so she quickly shifted gears. "I'm really craving something spicy today."
"Alright, I'll whip something up for you."
Peyton silently cursed Dustin under her breath as she helped Emma upstairs. After Dustin had dropped Emma off, he didn't notice the woman standing nearby.
The next morning, after breakfast, Peyton mentioned she needed to pop to the store again.
"You've been on a spicy kick lately, haven't you? I'll grab some more meat and whip up a spicy fish stew for dinner."
"Thanks, Mom."
Emma was getting ready for her live stream. Peyton, not quite up to speed with mobile payments, preferred the old-school way of keeping cash on hand. It felt safer to her. She grabbed a small cloth purse, stuffed it with a couple of hundred dollars, and headed out. She'd once taken a cab to the big farmers' market with just fifty bucks and barely made it back. This time, she'd learned her lesson and carried more cash, especially since she planned on confronting that man. Boss or not, he shouldn't be mistreating Emma!
Peyton had her reasons for this confrontation. When she first went to sell a gold bracelet, she met a nice girl named Brielle, who turned out to be Emma's top boss. If this man was also a boss, surely he couldn't outrank Brielle. Brielle seemed like the type who'd stand up for what's right if she knew what was happening.
Peyton figured it was straightforward: even if Emma was pregnant, the father shouldn't be a no-show. She was determined to get some answers.
Arriving at Stellar Stage Entertainment, Peyton bumped into Donny in the lobby. Donny recognized her and, knowing Emma hadn't been around for months, asked, "How's Emma doing?"
"She's good, Donny. I'm here to see someone. Can you take me up to the top floor offices?"
Donny didn't hesitate and chatted with her in the elevator. "Tell her to stop by the office now and then. We've let her stream from home, but it's been ages. She even missed the last company party. Rumors are swirling, some even saying she's quitting." 
Peyton, a bit lost on these corporate details, just smiled politely.
When they reached the top floor, she realized she didn't know the man's name. "I'm looking for a very handsome man, one of Emma's bosses. Do you know which office is his?" "A very handsome man and Emma's superior?"
The only exec known for his looks was Mr. Lynch, but he wasn't in today.
"You mean Mr. Lynch? He's not here today. He only comes in a few times a week, and we're not sure if he'll show up today."
"I'll wait for him here then," Peyton said, pointing to the guest lounge, feeling a bit shy.
"Go ahead, have a seat. I'll have someone bring you a glass of water."
"No, that's too kind, really, thank you."
Meanwhile, Dustin wasn't at Stellar Stage Entertainment that day but was out having drinks with Jaired. With Irene and Bryan being all
lovey-dovey, Jaired found Riddle net
family gatherings a snooze and ended up hanging out more with Dustin. Both single and not tied down like Andrew, they had plenty of time to spare. 
Their table was crowded with liquor bottles, surrounded by other Beaconsfield elites. But in Dustin and Jaired's company, those folks were just background noise. Jaired noticed Dustin nursing a drink and couldn't help but ask, "It's been over a year since Mr. Lynch's last relationship. This must be your longest dry spell, huh?"
"No one's caught my eye," Dustin
said, setting his glass down. "Maybe
it's because Bri's so happy these days. Their little family is all
lovey-dovey, now off on a
honeymoon with Max. As here
brother, not having a solid
nov
relationship myself kind of makes
me feel like I'm being shown up." 
Jaired could relate. Watching his brother and Irene so wrapped up in each other sometimes made him want to gouge his eyes out. But the thought of actually dating was even more unbearable. The real issue was, he had no clue what his type was, having never met anyone who sparked his interest.
###Chapter 1482
It was one of those quiet moments, with neither of them saying a word. Dustin had been spending a lot of time with Isaac lately, and seeing how much the kid looked like Max made him a bit envious.
He wondered what his own kids would look like if he ever had any. Staring into his glass of whiskey, Dustin found himself genuinely contemplating whether it was time to find a girlfriend. Otherwise, he'd be stuck in a loop of boozy hangouts, which was starting to feel pretty dull.
Jaired, leaning against the bar, gave Dustin a light nudge on the shoulder. "Hey, Dustin, seriously, don't go falling in love on me. If you do, who am I gonna hit the bars with? I'd be the only single guy left, and you know how awkward that'd be at group dinners." Jaired was counting on Dustin to stay a bachelor, knowing it might be a tall order.
Dustin chuckled and sighed. "I think I've had my share of casual flings. Settling down doesn't sound half bad."
"Don't even think about it! Life's too short to settle for just anyone," Jaired shot back, more for Dustin's sake than his own. After all, he'd already accepted his own solitary fate.
By the time Dustin left the bar, it was already past four. He decided to swing by Stellar Stage Entertainment. He arrived just as Peyton was leaving, and they missed crossing paths by a hair.
As Dustin stepped into the main hall, Donny spotted him and hurried over. "Dustin, Emma's mom has been here waiting for you for hours. Seems like she's got something urgent."
Dustin frowned. Was it something about Emma? They had just sorted things out yesterday, hadn't they?
He quickly called Emma. She had just wrapped up her first live stream and was about to get some lunch when she saw his call.
"Dustin."
"Emma, Donny mentioned your mom's been waiting for me. Is there something going on?"
Emma hesitated. Her mom had told her she was going for a walk in the nearby park; not visiting Stellar Stage Entertainment. It seemed odd-her mom wasn't one to go to the park alone. It looked like she'd gone to confront Dustin. 
Clearly, her mom had recognized Dustin yesterday!
Emma, now worried, hung up and was about to dash out when Peyton walked in with groceries.
"Emma, how about some spicy fish for dinner?"
"Mom, how could grocery shopping take you hours? Dustin called, saying you went looking for him at his work. Please, don't do that again."
Peyton's face fell as she set down the groceries, did it for you. I remember his face-you saved him, and now you're left with a child. He should take responsibility. You're pregnant, still working hard, and dealing with all the judgment. It breaks my heart that he's out there not caring. Having a baby isn't something you can do alone." 
Emma felt a pang of sadness and gently patted her mom's back. "Mom, I know it's not about his money."
Peyton got more worked up. "Sweetheart, you're making millions. We don't need his money. Who knows if he even makes as much as you? I just wanted to get justice for you."
Emma realized her mom couldn't
grasp Dustin's wealth and status. She gently led her to the couch. "Mom, I won't hide it anymore. That guy from before was Dustin. Blame me if you need to. I chose to be with him. His family is seriously wealthy. Remember Brielle? She's his sister. His wealth could buy several Stellar Stage Entertainments. My salary is pennies compared to his fortune. I get this might be hard to believe, but he's out of our league. I'm tired of being talked about. We can stand on our own." 
Hearing her daughter's words, Peyton's eyes glistened with tears.
###Chapter 1483
Hearing about that guy's background again, it was no wonder her daughter was so taken with him. A rich man with killer looks was way out of reach for a country girl like her. Today, she nearly embarrassed herself trying to keep up. "Emma, you were spot on. We can make it on our own. I'll get dinner started, and from now on, I'm not going to worry about this anymore."
Emma had been a real lifesaver, constantly reminding Peyton of the importance of self-reliance these past few weeks. Finally, Peyton's mindset had broken free from the small-town mentality.
Emma breathed a sigh of relief, feeling content with their life as it was.
Meanwhile, Dustin got a last-minute meeting invite from Infinity Brilliance, requiring him to head back to North America the very next day. He caught a flight that night, and without any time to shake off the jet lag, was thrown into back-to-back meetings for two days. The hectic schedule left him with a cold.
It had been forever since he last got sick, his voice reduced to a hoarse whisper, prompting him to share the news on social media. "First cold in years," he posted.
Almost instantly, his exes flooded the comments, offering to come over and asking where he was. Dustin couldn't help but feel a mix of amusement and slight regret for sharing his status.
His posts always stirred up a buzz among his North American friends, not so much for the content but for the spectacle of his exes showing their concern in their unique ways. As he set his phone down, Dustin sighed, gazing out at the North American night view from the Sky Lounge the continent's priciest bar he owned. It sat atop the tallest building, offering breathtaking views of the cityscape below.
Tonight, the bar was closed to the public; Dustin wanted to drink in peace. Standing by the floor-to-ceiling windows, drink in hand, a staff member informed him that Clare had arrived.
Clare, a striking biracial model with an ethereal beauty, had been trying to win Dustin over for years, though she wasn't one of his exes. Setting his drink aside, Dustin hesitated, aware that his past relationships had dulled his appreciation for beauty. Yet Clare's allure was undeniable, always capable of catching the eye.
"Let her in," he decided.
When Clare entered, she darted toward Dustin like a sprite, wrapping him in a full embrace. "Dustin, you finally agreed to see me."
Her eyes, a brilliant blue, once voted the most beautiful in the world, pleaded with an irresistible vulnerability. No man could easily resist such a gaze.
Dustin's hands naturally found her waist, "You've lost weight."
"It's lovesickness. Don't you Aussies have a saying, 'Wish you'd gather more,' this thing being the greatest reminder of longing?"
"And what about the first two lines?" he teased, releasing her to lean against the nearby desk, his usual late-night workspace.
ét
Flustered by his intense look, Clare's cheeks turned a deeper shade of red. "I forgot, only memorized that part. Dustin, it's been over a year since your last relationship, is it my turnyet? I've been chasing you for three years, let me have a taste of happiness, please?" 
She leaned in closer, her eyes hinting at something special, slowly unveiling her coat to reveal a
stunning lingerie set, bold enough to set any man's heart racing,
complete with a tastefume
a at her neck. 
Taking Dustin's hand, she placed it on her bow, "This gift is yours to unwrap."
Despite the allure, Dustin's touch was gentle but firm, choosing not to untie the bow. His mind remained clear.
"Even if I gave in now, I'd be heading
back to Beaconsfield by morning, unable to commit to you, Clare. Being with me is exhausting. If I fall for temptation now, what's to stop me when the next beauty comes along? Would you still trust my loyalty?" 
Falling for a wanderer was never a desirable fate.
Clare's face paled, her heart sinking. Dustin, thinking of lighting a cigarette but reconsidering in her presence, tossed the pack aside.
"If I take you now, and tomorrow another temptress appears, I might succumb just as easily. Is that the kind of partner you're looking for?"
He carefully refastened her clothing, button by button. "Your gift is precious, but I'm not the one to accept it."
"What you seek, I can't provide. So, I'm truly sorry."
Even in rejection, he remained a gentleman.
###Chapter 1484
Clare's tears came pouring down, feeling like a complete mess. Here she was, facing rejection, and the worst part? She couldn't even find a word to defend herself.
Dustin was just that magnetic, the kind of guy who lingered in your mind long after he was gone. It was only after spending time with him that Clare realized just how unforgettable he truly was.
"Clare, I've said this to all my exes, and I'll say it again: once it's over, I never look back. Clinging to me won't change a thing. They've all met my expectations, earning a spot by my side. But you, you've been chasing me for three years, and I've turned you down every time because we don't see eye to eye. I live for the moment, and you're in it for the long haul."
Dustin's voice had a raspy edge to it, thanks to a cold. He grabbed a tissue to gently wipe away her tears.
"My exes and I moved on quickly, but I'm even more detached; I move on faster than they ever did."
Clare cried even harder, her minimal makeup smudging, but it only highlighted her natural beauty.
Dustin bent down a bit, lifting her chin softly with his fingers to wipe away her tears more thoroughly. "Go home."
He tossed the tissue in the trash and reached for some cold medicine. Just then, she wrapped her arms around him from behind, her voice still trembled from crying.
"Dustin, what if all I want is just one wild night?"
Dustin froze for a moment, swallowing the medicine as his throat eased.
"Do you really know what you're asking?"
"I do. I'm not asking for anything more. Can't you even grant this one wish?"
Her fingers reached out, pausing at a certain spot.
"If you turn this down too, I might as well jump off a building after leaving this room. It'd be less humiliating."
Dustin rubbed his forehead, turning to effortlessly lift her onto the desk.
Her eyes sparkled, the soft blue gaze wandering over his shirt.
"Are you sure about this?"
"I've never been more certain. What's your answer?"
No sooner had she said it than Dustin kissed her.
The lights outside seemed almost too bright, and her mind buzzed with a whirlwind of thoughts.
Dustin always made sure his partner was pleased before thinking of himself.
What was supposed to be a single night of madness stretched into a full day and night.
Clare was left worn out, barely having the strength to dress. It wasn't until the next evening that Dustin had someone bring her fresh clothes and had the chef prepare dinner. 
She ate slowly, finally feeling her throat wasn't as raw.
As for Dustin, maybe sweating it out during their time together did the trick; his cold seemed to have lifted. Clare, feeling triumphant, claimed she was his cure.
After his shower, Dustin came out to hear her say that. He tossed aside his clothes and slipped into a new suit.
Once Clare finished eating and doing her makeup, Dustin, ever patient, drove her to the airport.
As she was about to leave, he pulled her back with a playful grin and kissed her without hesitation.
Clare melted into his embrace,
thinking he might ask her to stay but instead, he quoted, "As the red beans grow in the southern lands, with spring they bloom anew" 
With a slight pang of sadness, she nodded with a smile, "This time, I'll remember."
Inside the departure lounge, she felt
something in her jacket pocket.
a black
swno
Pulling it out, she disco
card. 
He had slipped it in during their kiss.
Just like he said, he was more detached than anyone.
###Chapter 1485
Dustin had been up to his ears in work in North America for a full two months. When he finally made it back to Beaconsfield, it just so happened to be the town's first snowfall of the season.
Dressed in a sharp black trench coat, he smoothly slid into the car that came to pick him up. As he settled in, Donny started filling him in about Emma.
"Emma got sick and threw up during her live stream last night. Now, her fans are buzzing with rumors. They're wondering if she's pregnant with that guy known as 'the boss's son', and some are even gossiping that she's being financially supported. It's turning into quite the spectacle."
A crease formed on Dustin's forehead, the mention of Emma's morning sickness clearly troubling him.
"Did it hit the trending topics?"
"It did, but we managed to pull it down. Right now, the company's trying to touch base with Emma to figure out what's really going on."
Donny was clueless about Emma's pregnancy, but Dustin wasn't. He rubbed his temples, deep in thought.
"If she's pregnant, how's the company supposed to handle this?"
Donny was caught off guard, confirming his suspicions. "Mr. Lynch, this is a bit of a tight spot. Fans are already in a tizzy, and 'the boss' himself hit the trending topics. We've been trying to contact him, but he hasn't responded to any messages."
Dustin had been too swamped to check the news himself. Now, as he skimmed through the trending topics, everything seemed calm-a clear sign that Stellar Stage Entertainment had stepped in. But this would only make the fans more suspicious.
"Mr. Lynch, if we deny it now and later the truth comes out, Emma will still face online harassment, maybe even more than now. But if we admit it, with her current pregnancy, she'd be overwhelmed by the media storm. You know, pregnant women need peace and happiness."
Dustin rubbed his temples again, hoping the father would step up, but Emma always seemed to defend him.
Without her speaking out, the company couldn't make a move.
After getting to his villa in Beaconsfield, Dustin took a day to recharge before calling Emma. She was having a rough time with morning sickness, looking as pale as a ghost. Peyton, not wanting to rush her to the hospital, tried to cheer her up with some tasty meals, but nothing seemed to work. Emma's morning sickness was worse than ever.
Peyton suggested, "Emma, let's rent a villa, not buy. If we buy now, we'll be pinching pennies later, and you'll feel the pressure. But if we rent a nice place with a garden for about four or five thousand a month until the baby turns one, you won't be stuck in this small room. You can go outside, see the flowers, enjoy the grass. Plus, we'll make sure there's good security, so you won't have to worry about people finding out you're pregnant."
Emma's eyes lit up. She hadn't expected Peyton to be so thoughtful.
"Mom, I'll have someone look into it. Let's get ready to move."
The first person Emma thought of was Aubree, wondering where they could find a villa for rent nearby.
Aubree, without missing a beat, spilled the beans on where Dustin lived.
Dustin had a place in Beaconsfield, but it wasn't cheap. The rent was about twenty thousand a month, way over their budget.
"Emma, it's ready to move into,
beautifully decorated, and actually, a
friend of mine owns it. He can cut you a deal, let you rent it for half price. Living there for a while will lift your spirits." 
When Emma heard twenty thousand, she almost declined, but Aubree's glowing recommendation and the promise of a discount swayed her. "Can I check it out first?" Emma asked.
Aubree wasted no time and took her to see the place.
Emma was blown away by the stunning house-it felt like a dream. She was so captivated she couldn't tear herself away.
Even Peyton, who was initially hesitant about spending ten grand, was ready to take the plunge after seeing her daughter's joy. "Emma, this is it. You've worked hard; you deserve this. Someday, when we've made more money, we'll buy this place!"
Peyton, who had lived a life of
thriftiness, agreeing to rent a place for ten thousand a month was a big deal. Normally, she'd argue about wasting money, insisting Emma compromise. 
Seeing her mother's support, Emma quickly signed the lease, but to their surprise, the landlord only charged them four thousand.
Little did they know, the place was
actually Aubree's, one of many properties she owned in
Beaconsfield. Considering how freely she lent money to Brielle it
was clear she wasn't strapped for cash. 
QUMS
And if Dustin and Emma ended up together, Dustin would owe Aubree a big thank you.
###Chapter 1486
Moving only took three hours. Emma was still getting used to living in such a big house. Peyton, on the other hand, was so excited she couldn't sleep. Instead, she took a ride to buy some offerings and spent the night quietly burning them at the doorstep for her late
husband. Years ago, he had come to Beaconsfield with dreams of giving them a better life, but fate had other plans.
Peyton never thought she'd end up in a villa in Beaconsfield. As she lit the offerings, tears slipped down her cheeks. The villa was a stand-alone, not as grand as a manor, but with over a thousand square feet on each of its two floors and a beautifully kept garden that was the pride of the place. Dustin returned to the neighborhood late at night, surprised to see his neighbor performing such a late-night ritual. Smelling of alcohol, he loosened his tie and approached to give a friendly warning.
Before he got too close, he overheard Peyton talking softly to the night. "Darling, watch over Emma and make sure she delivers the baby safely. Her boss refused to step up, and I've decided not to chase him down. Emma's right; we can't compete with people like that. We just need to live our lives as best as we can."
"If you can hear me, help us out. If you need anything, let me know, and I'll burn more for you. We aren't struggling for money anymore. You probably don't know, but Emma and I are living in a villa in Beaconsfield now."
Just as she finished, Peyton noticed a pair of fancy leather shoes in her view. She looked up to see a familiar face. It was him! Emma's boss!
"Ma'am, open flames aren't allowed around here. They could cause a fire," he said.
Peyton wanted to snap back and call him a jerk, but his refined demeanor held her tongue. Some people have that effect, making you second-guess yourself.
She frowned as he asked, "Are you Emma's mom?"
Peyton almost turned to leave. She knew it was rude, but it was hard to be civil to the man who got her daughter pregnant. Especially when he played innocent, as if he had the right to bring Emma home. "Did you say Emma is having her boss's child?"
Emma's boss? That meant someone from the higher-ups at Stellar Stage Entertainment? Peyton felt a jolt of panic. She quickly tried to cover it up. "I was just joking."
Dustin raised an eyebrow. Burning offerings for her deceased husband didn't seem like a joke to him. It looked like the child really was connected to someone at Stellar
Stage Entertainment. But why had
Emma moved here?
He chuckled softly. "No need to worry, ma'am. I was just curious. You should head inside; it's late, and you don't want to catch a cold."
Peyton hurried back inside, her heart
pounding as she closed the door.
She had kept this ritual a secret from Emma, who was dealing with severe morning sickness. Peyton worried that seeing her like this might upset her daughter. 
The loss of their family's pillar was a pain they shared deeply.
Dustin, now back home, hung up his coat and called Donny. It was two in the morning, and Donny sounded groggy when he answered. "Mr. Lynch."
"Donny, I need you to send me all the details on the Stellar Stage Entertainment execs, especially their marital and parental statuses. Make it a priority."
Donny quickly got out of bed, thinking something serious had happened, and agreed. "Right away, Mr. Lynch."
Sitting in his study, Dustin pondered. Emma, coming from a humble background, was often overlooked in her small town, where they called her a tomboy-not at all like the wild, natural beauty admired in the West.
Tapping his fingers on the desk, he
wondered if Emma had gotten pregnant after moving to
Beaconsfield. But with the due date soon, the timing didn't fit for a premature birth. His brow furrowed. Could one of the Stellar Stage Entertainment execs have a past with Emma? 
###Chapter 1487
In no time at all, Donny sent over the files. The top brass at Stellar Stage Entertainment were all pushing past thirty-five and married, with some even juggling a couple of kids at home. The more Dustin read, the more something felt off. He couldn't help but text Donny. "Hey Donny, you hitched yet?"
After all, this was about Emma's higher-ups too.
"Mr. Lynch, my daughter just arrived last month."
"All married, every last one of them."
Emma wouldn't be the type to mess around with a married man, right?
"Anyone in the upper ranks still single?"
Donny hesitated, then replied with a bit of a tremble.
"Mr. Lynch, it seems like you're the last bachelor standing."
Dustin was taken aback, then chuckled to himself. As if it could be him, of all people.
Rubbing his temples, he told Donny to get some rest.
Then, he shot Emma a message on WhatsApp.
"Saw that trending topic by accident. You holding up, Emma? Big fan here, supporting whatever you decide. But you wouldn't break up a marriage, right?"
It was way past 2 a.m., and Emma, being pregnant, should've been asleep.
Dustin wasn't expecting a reply.
When he woke up, there was a message from Emma.
"Boss, I wouldn't do that. He's single."
"As for his character, I get worried you might get played."
"He's kind, really gentle with women, has plenty of admirers and ex-girlfriends. I'm just a small blip."
"Boss, single, loads of exes."
Dustin frowned, mulling over her words without replying.
Pondering it, the only person fitting that description seemed to be himself?
He couldn't help but find it amusing.
Flashes of memory zipped through his mind, his frown deepening.
But they vanished too quickly for him to catch any details.
After a moment, he decided to knock on the door across the hall.
Emma hadn't expected him to be her neighbor. She stiffened, hearing him suggest, "Maybe we should talk about this trending topic?"
She reluctantly stepped aside.
"Mr. Lynch, come on in."
Dustin stepped in, swapping his shoes at the door.
Only Emma and Peyton's shoes were there, so she quickly offered him a brand-new pair, still in their box.
"Mr. Lynch, these are for you."
He slipped them on and followed her to the living room.
Peyton was in the kitchen, prepping some fruit. He nearly dropped the tray when he saw Dustin, quickly setting it on the coffee table before making a hasty retreat to the garden. 
Dustin took a seat, glancing at Emma's belly.
It was winter, but the place was cozy. She wore maternity clothes, showing just how far along she was, her movements noticeably 
swnower.
Yet, it was mainly her belly that had grown, her face barely changing.
Emma had been struggling with her appetite, often feeling nauseous. Occasionally, she'd have cravings, but those were rare.
Dustin's gaze lingered on her belly for a moment before he asked, "Fans are in an uproar. Got any plans?"
Emma shook her head, visibly downcast.
But then, Dustin's next question caught her off guard.
"Is the child's father your boss?"
Emma froze, her hands clenching on her lap, ready to deny it.
"No."
"He's had quite a few ex-girlfriends,
Emma. Thinking it over, the only one
at Stellar Stage Entertainment
fits this bill, someone
unmarried,
without kids, and who's crossed
paths with you... seems to be me." 
Emma's hands trembled on her lap, her lips pressed tightly together, avoiding his gaze.
All her nervous little movements were clear as day to Dustin.
He knew he had guessed right.
Leaning back, he considered lighting a cigarette to clear his mind but remembered her condition and refrained.
"Was it during that time you saved me?"
Emma remained as if frozen, silent.
Dustin wasn't in a rush, giving her time to gather her thoughts.
But even after ten minutes, Emma remained tight-lipped.
"Looks like it really is mine. I'm sorry, I must have hurt my head back then, can't recall some things."
It took Emma a long while to finally speak, her voice barely a whisper.
"Mr. Lynch, I'm sorry, have I caused you trouble?"
In that moment, Dustin's heart ached.
###Chapter 1488
Emma was carrying the baby and dealing with all the challenges that came with it, yet here she was, asking a question that surprised even her. Dustin glanced at her belly, feeling a whirlwind of emotions.
A baby before tying the knot? That was never in his plans. He liked Isaac, and lately, he'd been lost in thoughts about what having a child might be like-boy or girl, what kind of person they'd grow into. His dream had always been to give the woman he loved a beautiful wedding first, then plan for kids when they both felt ready. But now, his child was almost here.
"Mr. Lynch, I'm sorry," Emma began, but Dustin interrupted.
"No, I should be the one apologizing. When Aubree called me twice, I figured out last night that I was the father. Still, I needed to hear it straight from you. I didn't think you'd be so determined."
He rubbed his temples, feeling a mix of pressure and confusion. He'd handled past relationships, but having someone pregnant with his child was uncharted territory. Should he marry her?
"Emma, would you marry me?"
"Is it just because of the baby?"
"I won't lie. Yes, it is. We don't have a real connection, but I can't let my child grow up without a father. I'm sorry, Emma."
He did find her intriguing, but not enough to take that leap. Emma lowered her gaze, her hands clenched but slowly relaxing.
"Mr. Lynch, I never planned on marrying you. I didn't want to tell you about the baby because I feared you'd feel forced into something. You don't like me, and I didn't want to disrupt your life. It's my choice to have the baby."
Dustin was at a loss for words. After a pause, he asked, "Have you had the prenatal checkup?"
"I have, but there's another one this afternoon. I should get going."
"I'll come with you."
Emma wanted to refuse, but Dustin was already on his feet, kindly picking up her purse. She couldn't argue.
As they headed out, Dustin grabbed
a hat and mask for her. Peyton
to see them leaving togethpris.co
returned from the garden, surprised
"Emma, wasn't I going with you for the checkup?" her mom asked, slightly taken aback.
Emma felt awkward, "Mom, Mr. Lynch is coming with me."
Peyton's face clouded with displeasure, but given Dustin's standing, she kept quiet.
In the car, Emma felt uneasy. This was her first time having a man accompany her to a prenatal appointment. At the hospital, the maternity ward buzzed with expectant mothers. Dustin,
vel
unfamiliar with the scene, helped her queue for several procedures, drawing curious looks from the
pregnant women. 
A nurse approached him gently, "Sorry, sir, this area is off-limits to men. Please wait in the hallway."
Surprised but not embarrassed,
Dustin found the situation intriguing. The hallway was a microcosm of life, full of men waiting nervously or idly scrolling on their phones, and even a couple arguing loudly causing a commotion. 
Watching from afar, Dustin realized he was witnessing a slice of life he'd never seen before.
###Chapter 1489
Emma didn't even realize Dustin had stood up until he was right by her side, smoothly taking her bag and holding it for her.
Her belly was getting quite round now, and standing for too long made her back ache terribly. Once they settled into the restaurant, she noticed Dustin had thoughtfully reserved a private booth for them. She quickly took off her hat and mask, revealing strands of hair clinging to her sweaty forehead-a sign of just how exhausting her recent check-up had been.
Dustin frowned, feeling a twinge of concern. Is this what all moms-to-be go through?
"How many check-ups have you had?" he asked.
Emma blushed a bit, "Oh, quite a few. My morning sickness has been brutal, and I keep worrying something might be wrong with the baby. My mom didn't have much experience with all this-back in the countryside, prenatal check-ups were rare. If a child was born with issues, well, that was just life. I'm trying to be extra careful, so I go in for a check-up at the slightest discomfort. It's my first time being a mom, and I'm still learning the ropes."
Her words struck a chord with Dustin. Emma was proving to be an attentive mother, while he felt unsure about his role as a father.
"I saw you shopping for baby stuff the other day. Did you get everything?" he asked.
"Not yet. I got a bit flustered when you bumped into me last time. Plus, the morning sickness has been so bad that I've hardly been out," she admitted.
"I'll go with you after we eat," Dustin offered.
Emma wanted to refuse, knowing he was trying to make up for things. She didn't really need his help.
"Mr. Lynch-" she began, but Dustin cut her off.
"Emma, this isn't about making amends. He's my child too. Unless you plan on telling him his father's dead from day one, we need to face this together. What do you think?" he said, serving her a bowl of soup to warm her up.
"If I say I like you, you probably won't believe it. Honestly, I'm not sure I believe it myself. Even on this trip abroad, I had a brief fling. I don't want to hide anything from you. You see a different world than I do. Right now, everything with you feels new and exciting, but I can't guarantee I won't get bored someday. I can't promise you anything, but I want our child to know I'm a good father."
Every head of the Lynch family had only one spouse, and his mother always said it was an accident they ended up with a wayward son like him. But no matter how much of a playboy he was before marriage, he never intended to pretend he was perfect. 
"Emma, for our child's sake, we should at least try to get along. Try to understand me, maybe even love me. I'm offering you my loyalty, okay?"
Emma's heart skipped a beat. She always thought Dustin was someone she had to look up to, someone out of her reach. But his words made it clear; he didn't want her to idolize him. They could meet as equals.
He was offering his loyalty in exchange for her love.
Dustin lowered his eyelashes, speaking sincerely.
"I can't promise to trade my love for yours. I've loved many women, and I can't belittle those relationships just to persuade you now. I cared deeply for each of them. So using my love as a bargaining chip isn't fair because I've already given it away." 
For him, loyalty meant everything-something he had never promised lightly before. Offering it to Emma for her love seemed like a fair deal, right?
Emma stayed silent, gripping her spoon tightly. She tried to find a reason to turn him down, but Dustin had a knack for saying exactly what mattered. His words weren't just empty promises; he followed through.
Emma felt she might have to eat her
words. She had once advised her friend Candice to avoid getting involved with a man like him,
insisting that a woman's career net
shouldcome first. She had worked hard to leave her remote village, and she couldn't afford to waste time on a man. That would be a mistake. 
She looked down, focusing on her bowl of soup. She'd already drunk half, and the warmth spread through her stomach.
Dustin nudged the other dishes closer to her. Seeing her hesitation, he took a step back.
"At the very least, let me help you get what the baby needs now," he said.
Emma finally looked up, a smile breaking across her face.
"Okay."
###Chapter 1490
After dinner, Dustin drove Emma to the mall. They ended up at the same baby store they visited last time, where he went on a spree, picking out twenty different outfits for both boys and girls. Emma sighed at the sight. "We really don't need this many. Kids grow so fast, and we should have enough with seasonal outfits. Twenty sets are more than enough."
Dustin just gave her a look and insisted, "I can't let our child go without."
Emma fell silent. It wasn't until Dustin had nearly cleared out the entire store that she gently tugged his sleeve. "We've got enough now. The car's full."
"I've arranged for another car to come and pick up the rest. We'll have space," Dustin assured her.
Emma was speechless once again. As people loaded the boxes into the cars, Dustin took her to the first floor for a bit more shopping. When they came across a Hermes store, he led her inside.
There was a line at Hermes, as each customer needed a personal attendant, making the wait longer. Emma remembered how she once considered buying a designer bag but decided against it, thinking it too extravagant.
Now, seeing Dustin speak to an associate and flash a card, it wasn't long before a manager appeared. Several bags were placed in front of them, and after a quick glance, Dustin had them all wrapped up.
"Mr. Lynch," Emma called, not wanting him to spend more.
"It's for the baby," he replied.
This time, Dustin personally carried the bags. As they were leaving, Emma was nearly bumped by someone entering, and Dustin instinctively grabbed her hand to steady her. "Watch out."
Emma's cheeks turned bright red, and she reflexively pulled her hand away, stepping back a bit.
Seeing her startled, Dustin was surprised. "You've never held hands before?"
Emma stammered, "Uh, no."
To think they had been so close, yet she hadn't experienced such a simple gesture? Dustin let go, advising, "Watch your step."
Emma, realizing she overreacted, sighed. "Thanks, Mr. Lynch."
"Emma, do you find me off-putting?" Dustin asked.
"No woman would find you off-putting," she replied honestly.
Dustin chuckled at her candidness. Carrying the bags, he walked beside her. After a moment, he reached out again, taking her hand. "Then get used to it. It's crowded, and I'd rather be safe than sorry." FindNovel
Emma, heavily pregnant and caught in the mall's evening rush, appreciated his caution. The last thing they needed was for her to fall.
Once back in the car, with the shopping bags stowed safely, Dustin helped Emma in before settling into the driver's seat, which he had adjusted for her comfort.
Emma seemed genuinely happy, possibly because it was the first time someone had joined her on such an outing. Even after a tiring day, her cheeks were flushed with contentment.
When they got home, Peyton was at
the door, watching as workers
unloaded a car full of boxes. nel
unfazed by Peyton's clear disapproval, handed her two of the Hermes bags. "Aunt Peyton, these are for you." 
He had bought seven bags in total, giving two to Peyton and keeping five for Emma. Peyton, taken aback and embarrassed by her initial judgment, hesitated to accept.
Dustin, ever polite, placed them at
the entryway Just a small token for taking care of Emma during her pregnancy. I'll be with her for the
rest of her appointments. If you net
need anything, don't hesitate to call me. I've already set things up with the hospital for next month's due date, and we'll have a room ready.
Here's my card." 
He left his card at the entryway, smiling warmly at Peyton. "We've had a long day, and she must be tired. I won't keep you any longer. Make sure she gets some rest tonight." Caught off guard by Dustin's charm, Peyton found herself at a loss. "Oh, well, thank you. That's very kind. Would you like to stay a bit longer?"
After all, it's hard to stay mad at someone who's so genuinely kind.
###Chapter 1491
Dustin got home, took a shower, and after thinking it over, decided to text Brielle.
"Little Eagle, I'm going to be a dad."
Brielle was still out skiing with Max in broad daylight, so she hadn't seen his message yet. It wasn't until a couple of hours later, when she sat down for lunch, that she glanced at her phone. "What"
She wondered if Dustin had been drinking. He didn't even have a girlfriend, so how could he be about to become a father? Was it an ex? "Bro?"
"Emma's pregnant with my kid, from that rough patch I went through. That's the timeline."
That's when Brielle finally believed it, but why Emma, of all people? Brielle wasn't one to judge based on social status, but Emma wasn't like Dustin's usual crowd. His exes were all carefree and adventurous, while Emma seemed different. Had she even dated anyone else? Probably just Dustin.
Brielle immediately called Dustin. It was 11 p.m. his time when he answered, chuckling softly.
"Surprised?"
"Bro, do you even like Emma?"
more.
That question hit Dustin hard. When he didn't reply right away, Brielle knew he didn't have feelings for her. Dustin was always open about his emotions. If he really liked her, he would have said so right away. All the flirting was just because he was a free spirit, nothing
People always warn against falling for a free spirit; you're bound to get hurt. But some women think they're the exception, that they can make him settle down. There's even a saying, "A reformed rake makes the best husband." But if he's always chasing the wind, how's he ever gonna settle down?
Brielle knew Dustin was a great brother, a great son, a great friend, but not necessarily a great partner. She suddenly felt anxious, not for her brother, but for Emma. No one could resist Dustin's charm; his exes still held a torch for him, hoping he'd come back. He might be the ideal lover, but as a life partner? That'd bring nothing but heartbreak.
"Little Eagle, the due date's next month. I'm gonna be a dad."
Dustin's voice had a hint of confusion, cigarette in hand.
"I don't dislike her, so I thought I'd give it a shot, especially since I've got to help take care of the baby once it's born."
Basically, it was the baby that brought him and Emma together. The truth was harsh but undeniable.
Brielle rubbed her temples, thinking it over before she couldn't help but advise.
"Bro, I don't mind you dating anyone, but Emma's not like the others. She's got courage to get this far and hasn't seen much of the world.
velice
know your charm; if you really wanted to, she'd fall for you quickly. But with all those exes around, it's gonna be a mess, and she'll end up breaking." 
Dustin fell silent, his brow furrowing slightly. "Is it really that bad?"
Brielle knew Dustin couldn't fully understand; he couldn't see it completely from a woman's perspective.
"Just be careful, that's all."
That was Brielle's advice, but she
also
Dustin really wanted thi
Emma keep it. 
as 13 therwise, he wouldn't have let
"Bro, just try not to hurt her."
After hanging up, Dustin stared at the cigarette burning down to his fingers.
Across the street, in another villa, Peyton looked at several high-end bags, unsure of what to do.
"Emma, you said he's loaded, but should we really accept this stuff?"
"Mom, it's fine. This amount means nothing to him."
Refusing it would just seem pretentious. To Dustin, a few million was nothing.
Peyton was still uneasy, but relaxed at her daughter's reassurance. Yet, she couldn't help but ask.
"How much does one of these bags cost?"
"The two you're holding, one's forty-five thousand, the other's fifty-five thousand."
Peyton's eyes widened in shock.
"My goodness, that's like several houses back in our town."
The pressure was palpable. In the
past, Peyton might have encouraged her daughter to use the child to tie down such a wealthy man, especially one as handsome as Dustin. 
"Emma, does he know the child is his? What does his family think? He isn't already married, is he?"
If that were the case, she'd throw those bags out in an instant.
###Chapter 1492
"No wedding ring, no girlfriend, like I mentioned last time. His sister is that kind-hearted woman you talked about, Mr. Haywood from Stellar Stage Entertainment." Peyton felt a jolt in her chest and grabbed Emma's arm.
"Emma, I know his sister's a gem, but who knows what the parents are thinking? We're just regular folks, better not to get too carried away. Remember, you taught me not to rely too much on men. Now, as your mom, I'm passing that advice back to you. Don't get too wrapped up with him. My daughter deserves the best, and I'm worried you might feel out of place there."
Emma felt a warmth spread through her, genuinely touched by her mom's independent mindset.
"Mom, don't worry, I won't lose myself in this."
But the next morning, while Emma was still sleeping, the doorbell rang, echoing through the living room. Opening the door, she found Dustin standing there with a bunch of groceries, bright and early at 8 a.m. "Emma, have you had breakfast yet?" he asked, switching to a more familiar tone.
Emma's heart skipped a beat, and she shook her head.
Dustin stepped in, slipping on the same shoes he wore yesterday.
"Where's your kitchen?" he asked casually.
Still a bit dazed, Emma pointed towards it.
Peyton was still snoozing, and the kitchen was empty.
Dustin slipped on the apron he brought and said, "I'll cook here. I've got a meeting at noon, so I'll just have it here. Could you grab the laptop from the living room across from mine?"
The whole situation felt oddly intimate, especially with him cooking.
Emma, taken aback, quickly grabbed his sleeve.
"Mr. Lynch, let my mom handle it. I can't have you doing all this."
Dustin just smiled, gently turned her around, and nudged her out.
"Go get the laptop. I changed the room's passcode to your birthday this morning."
Emma blushed and felt a bit flustered.
Arriving at Dustin's place, Emma took a deep breath and entered her birthday as the code.
The door swung open, revealing a space with understated elegance, dignified and tasteful.
She hurried in, grabbed the laptop from the desk, and made her way back.
From the kitchen, the sound of chopping vegetables echoed.
By then, Peyton was up, assuming Emma was cooking, and started to scold.
"Emma, if you're hungry, just wake me up. Why are you in the kitchen?"
Her words caught in her throat when she saw Dustin.
"Good morning, ma'am," Dustin greeted.
Peyton took a step back, then quickly moved closer when she realized.
"I can handle it. You're a guest, please, just relax."
"It's no trouble. I cook for myself at home."
Peyton noticed the intricate vegetable carvings, her face flushing.
Back
cooking was all about.
throwing things in a pot; nothing like detailed work, which looked both beautiful and appetizing.
belongs to en.kikistoriewontent
Not
thing to embarrass herself,
thinking her cooking might not match his taste, she excused herself
to the living room. 
Emma returned with the laptop, noticing her mom seated tensely, hands nervously clasped. "Mom," she called softly.
Peyton instantly gestured for her to look towards the kitchen.
Emma set the laptop down, acknowledging with a nod.
As she approached, Peyton pulled her close to whisper.
"Emma, what do we do? He's
ЭЛ
amazing at cooking, those carvings are stunning. Should we hire a chef? If he visits, will he think my cooking is terrible?" 
Emma wasn't even sure if Dustin would visit, "Mom, let's just see how it goes."
Two hours later, Dustin started bringing dishes to the table.
Peyton hurried to help, her eyes widening at the sight of six beautifully presented dishes.
Emma was equally stunned, frozen by the table.
Dustin guided her to a seat.
"Let's dig in."
In a daze, Emma picked up her fork and tasted the food, her eyes lighting up.
Dustin, still wearing his apron, rested his chin on his hand, smiling gently at her. "These are to help with your morning sickness, to make your stomach feel better." Emma quietly took a few more bites, her eyes misting over, "Yeah."
###Chapter 1493
Peyton sat across the table, nervously picking at the two dishes nearest to her, savoring flavors she'd only dreamed of. The man who whipped up these amazing meals was not just wealthy and good-looking but also kind and a whiz in the kitchen. How on earth was he still single? Throughout dinner, Peyton mostly kept quiet, struggling to find something to talk about. The six dishes were devoured, with Dustin taking only a few bites himself, as he was busy serving Emma and Peyton.
Peyton felt too shy to dig in heartily, and Dustin, worried she might not eat enough, kept piling food onto her plate. "Auntie, just eat like you normally do, have some more," he encouraged her.
The Moll family hadn't had a man around for ages, and Peyton couldn't help but think how great it would be if Dustin and Emma got hitched. A man like him must be in high demand elsewhere too. Emma was flustered by Dustin's thoughtful gestures, especially when he peeled fruit for her, calling her name with each offering. Really, who could resist that?
In the afternoon, Dustin switched to work mode, speaking with the top dogs at Infinity Brilliance about working with other companies in North America, all in smooth, charming English. Peyton was captivated, pulling Emma aside to whisper, "Emma, let's be real. He's out of our league."
Emma felt a mix of amusement and self-doubt. She had always loved English, nearly acing her exams, but resources in their small town were limited, and even their English teachers struggled with pronunciation. Dustin's English, on the other hand, was a delight to listen to.
The gap between their worlds was becoming more apparent. After his meeting, Dustin took Emma for a walk in the garden, saying it was good for the baby. Emma could see he was genuinely excited about the baby, which was a relief for her.
Dustin had a knack for charming women, and for a whole month, he was always around, cooking and spending every spare moment with Emma. She went from feeling awkward to getting used to, and then depending on his presence.
A week before her due date, Dustin suddenly stopped coming by. Emma waited at the villa, but he never showed. Checking her phone, she found a message from him saying he had to rush to North America for urgent business but had arranged for a nanny to help out. 
Dustin had thought of everything from baby clothes to outfits for Emma and Peyton for every season, leaving nothing to chance. His attentiveness was impossible to overlook.
Emma had grown so accustomed to him being there that she kept glancing at the door, half-expecting him to walk in at any moment, a worrying sign.
Meanwhile, Dustin arrived in North
America to a tense atmosphere, his
bodyguards unable to locate a missing person. "It's probably an obsessed fan. Considering dal's rising fame and them spotting you two at the airport, they couldn't résist," one bodyguard suggested. 
"Use all of the Lynch family's resources. Find her," Dustin ordered.
By evening, they found her, badly injured but alive. Rushing to the hospital, Dustin saw Clare looking pale but stable, her ordeal ending with a tumble down some stairs.
He sat by her bed, waiting until Clare awoke, her eyes tearing up when she saw him. "Dustin, I was so scared," she said, her voice a mix of relief and fear.
Dustin gently reminded her of the
need for personal security,
especially with her career taking off. Clare, grateful and relieved,
expressed how terrified she was of never seeing him again. 
Their reunion blended professional concern with personal relief, highlighting the intricate ties of their lives.
###Chapter 1494
Her eyes, as blue as a clear sky, were filled with warmth for Dustin as she gently took his hand and placed it on her cheek.
"Do I look like I've lost some weight?" she asked softly.
"Not at all, you're still as stunning as ever," he replied with a smile.
Clare chuckled lightly, "Honestly, can you stay here with me for a couple of days?"
Dustin's brow furrowed a bit, but the sight of the scar on her neck, a chilling reminder from the doctor that she had been just inches from death, tugged at his heartstrings. "Alright," he agreed.
Clare's smile widened, her gaze never leaving his.
Dustin settled into a chair, his phone buzzing at that moment with a message from Emma.
"The baby just kicked! Feels like it knows it's almost time to make an entrance."
A grin spread across Dustin's face as he read her message.
"The due date's just a week away. I'll be back in two days," he texted back.
Emma nodded to herself, then realized he couldn't see her nodding, so she quickly typed a reply.
"Okay."
Dustin was about to ask if she'd been eating well and if they had any names picked out for a boy.
But just then, Clare playfully snatched his phone and leaned in, pressing a kiss to his lips.
"Are you busy with work?" she teased, her voice soft as she nestled into his arms.
"I hadn't finished what I was saying. I thought I might never see you again, but I always believed you'd come to save me," she murmured, wrapping her arms around his neck and leaning in for another kiss. Dustin gently pushed her back, "Clare, we were clear that night was just a moment of madness."
Clare's eyes lowered, "Can't we have a week, a month, together?"
Dustin scooped her up and laid her on the bed, tucking the blanket around her.
"In two days, I've got to head back to Beaconsfield. My fiancée's about to have our baby."
Clare's eyes widened in disbelief, as if she'd heard wrong.
"A baby?" she asked.
Dustin nodded, "So, I'm truly sorry."
"But I can see you don't really love her. With your means, you could easily raise the child on your own."
"I'll try to love her," he said.
Clare's gaze turned determined, "But that takes time, doesn't it? Right now, you don't love her. You're drawn to me, I can feel it. Otherwise, you wouldn't have left her to come see me. It's just the baby that makes her special to you." Dustin sighed softly.
"Clare, I'm sorry. She came into my life at just the right time when I was ready for marriage and kids."
Clare's eyes dimmed, "Is that so? You
open as Australia's views aren't as
open as North America's. I get your past flings, even your wife, and your thoughts on love and marriagez But she might not understand you. You always said, 'Live in the moment, savor life as it happens."
That had always been Dustin's motto.
But now, he could only look at Clare, "I want to give it a shot with her."
Tears welled in Clare's eyes as she looked down.
"Then stay with me for two days, and you can head back to Beaconsfield," she whispered.
Seeing her so downcast, Dustin reached for a tissue and offered it to her.
Clare didn't take it.
Two days later, before Dustin could even board his flight, his phone rang with a call from the hospital. Emma had gone into labor early and was already admitted.
Dustin froze, then quickly rushed back to Beaconsfield.
Emma was having a difficult birth, with heavy bleeding, and the hospital was scrambling to save her.
The baby's umbilical cord was wrapped around its neck, nearly causing suffocation.
Eventually, a C-section was needed, and it turned into an exhausting ordeal that lasted a full day and night.
Peyton was outside, crying in fear, and Dustin arrived in a panic.
Emma hadn't come through yet, and he was engulfed in a cloud of fear, feeling powerless despite all his wealth.
After three gruelling hours, a nurse finally emerged, holding twins-a boy and a girl-all exhausted.
"The mother is still very weak. We'll be moving her to a room soon," the nurse informed them.
Dustin arranged for the best room, but Peyton stopped him from going in.
"Emma needs a moment to change and clean up. I'll let you know when you can see her," Peyton advised.
Knowing that a man without deep
emotional ties might not want to see
her in such a vulnerable state,
eliset
Peyton was the clearest-headed of
them all. 
So Dustin waited outside, the corridor still heavy with the scent of blood.
Peyton and the nurse helped Emma change and clean up, ensuring she was comfortable before allowing Dustin inside.
The room now had fresh flowers, and the smell of blood was gone.
For Dustin, it felt like stepping into a new world, especially seeing Emma lying unconscious on the bed, his heartaching as if pierced by an
arrow. ove
She had just gone through a life-and-death struggle to bring their son and daughter into the world.
Now, so weak and pale, she was a shadow of the vibrant, spirited woman she used to be, lying there in a small hospital bed, as if trapped.
###Chapter 1495
Dustin sat there, casually tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear. Peyton walked in, cradling a baby, her emotions swinging between laughter and tears.
"Dustin, look, Emma's given us a baby," she said, still a bit unsure about calling him by his first name but feeling that Mr. Lynch was too formal.
Dustin stood up, clearly out of his element. This man, the youngest CEO of Infinity Brilliance, who could stand toe to toe with the likes of Max, now wore a look of panic on his face. Seeing the two wrinkly little faces brought close to him, he reached out, wanting to hold one but feeling unsure about how to do it right.
He felt like a failure, having been preoccupied with another woman just days before his future wife gave birth. Now, facing Emma after she had narrowly escaped death to bring their children into the world, he felt a deep sense of guilt.
Peyton mistook his hesitation for disapproval of the babies' appearance and quickly reassured him. "Babies always look a little wrinkly when they're first born. Give them a few days, they'll grow into their looks."
Dustin nodded, carefully taking one of the babies into his arms. The baby slept soundly, her cheeks rosy and skin fair, absolutely adorable. This was the girl; the boy had come out first. A smile played on Dustin's lips, his heart melting in that moment.
After placing the baby in a nearby crib, he looked up to see Emma was awake. Her eyes, upon seeing him, immediately filled with tears.
"Dustin," she called out, her voice breaking as the tears began to fall. He quickly took her into his arms, "Does it still hurt?"
Emma's wound was indeed painful, especially after the anesthesia wore off, throbbing intensely. Dustin had been injured more times than he could count, a hazard of his position and the enemies he'd made, but he couldn't bear to look at Emma's wound. He couldn't even watch when her bandages were changed. All he could do was comfort her, stay by her side.
When Emma saw their children, her eyes lit up. "All that morning sickness was worth it." She had two beautiful babies!
Dustin leaned in to kiss her cheek. "Thank you." Emma blushed, wanting to say that she had wanted this, that she had decided to keep the babies, that there was no need for thanks. But seeing him so happy, her smile widened.
During her hospital stay, Dustin was by her side constantly, even holding meetings at her bedside. Waking up to see him there made Emma feel incredibly secure. When he wasn't working, he spent time learning from other mothers in the hospitabhow to hole a baby. From initially being clueless to eventually being able to expertly mix formula and feed them. 
Emma was slim, and even during pregnancy, she barely showed except for her belly, and struggled with milk production, so they had to use formula. Dustin cooked meals early in the morning, at noon, and in the evening, bringing them to her So, during her recovery, aside from the occasional pain from her wound, Emma was well taken care of by Dustin. He even handled the babies' crying, soothing them back to sleep and always ending with a kiss on her cheek. Emma would blush every time, at a loss for words. Especially when Peyton caught them, she wished she could just disappear. 
Luckily, three days later, Brielle and Max returned. Brielle brought two bouquets of flowers, her eyes sparkling when she heard about the twins, rushing over to the crib. The girl was asleep, while the boy was in Dustin's arms being fed.
"Bro, your life's pretty much perfect now, isn't it?" Brielle teased.
Dustin raised an eyebrow, a soft laugh escaping him, "It is."
Max's envious gaze didn't go unnoticed as he watched Dustin gently soothe the little bundle in his arms. It wasn't until Brielle handed the sleeping girl to him that Max's awkwardness turned into a careful embrace, as if afraid of causing harm. The children had grown a bit, their big eyes and long lashes combining all of Dustin and Emma's best features, making them incredibly adorable. In that moment, Max's heart melted. He gently patted the baby's back, then signaled to Brielle. 
"Wouldn't it be great if we had a little sister too?"
###Chapter 1496
Brielle played it cool, shifting her attention to Emma instead. "How's the recovery going?" she asked.
Emma, having been under Dustin's care for quite some time, had regained some weight, but she still seemed a bit worn out. Bringing those two little ones into the world had really taken its toll on her. "Much better," Emma replied, "the wounds have started to heal."
Brielle settled next to her, chatting for a while longer. After about an hour, she and Max headed out. Not long after they left, Aubree dropped by with a fruit basket, ready to check in.
Dustin's social media post about the arrival of his twins had taken everyone by surprise, especially Jaired. He filled the comment section with question marks, asking, "When did you get a girlfriend?" and "When did you have kids?" He even joked, "Mr. Lynch, have you been hitting the bottle?"
But when Dustin followed up with a picture of the twins sleeping, everyone finally believed he was a dad.
Meanwhile, over in North America at the Lynch family home, Sarah was in her element, tending to her beloved garden, while Raymond savored his tea. They'd only just learned that Isaac was their grandson and were over the moon.
Their joy hadn't even settled before Raymond stumbled upon Dustin's post. He immediately thought it was a prank. Turning to Sarah, he quipped, "Looks like Jett got a bit jealous of Yuna having a big kid and lost his marbles."
Sarah, ever the perceptive one, paused in her tracks and called Dustin right away. Only then did Dustin realize he hadn't filled his folks in yet, so he went over the whole Emma situation.
Sarah was taken aback, needing a moment to let it all sink in. "So you're telling us you have twins now?" she asked.
"Yep, you're grandparents again," Dustin confirmed.
Sarah and Raymond exchanged a glance they couldn't stay put any longer and quickly hopped on a private jet to Beaconsfield.
Emma was a bundle of nerves when she heard Dustin's parents were coming. She'd never met them before, and the grand gesture made her wonder if a wedding was on the horizon, just like Dustin had hinted.
But after her initial jitters, she was hit with a wave of disappointment. Dustin seemed to care for her solely because she was the mother of his kids. As a woman, she longed for him to see her beyond that role, to notice her charm and femininity. This realization stung, but she had to come to terms with it.
The next day, Sarah and Raymond arrived at the hospital, showering Emma with warmth and concern. Emma, initially anxious, gradually relaxed in their graceful company.
Raymond pulled Dustin aside in the corridor, giving his shoulder a firm pat. "Son, you did good! But make sure you treat her right. Cut ties with any of those messy exes, okay?" Dustin sighed, "Dad, let's focus on Emma. Why bring up my exes?"
Raymond sighed back, "Just remember, no fooling around. She's given you two beautiful children at great personal cost. If you mess up, you'll have me to deal with!" Dustin quickly reassured him, "I won't."
Inside, Sarah chatted with Emma, then came out to give Dustin a piece of her mind, insisting that Emma mustn't be mistreated.
Sarah and Raymond were genuinely
worried, knowing their son's
reputation as a notorious playboy
across North America. His social media update had even caused
several exes to trend online. 
Sarah couldn't shake her concern, mindful of the saying that old habits die hard. "Jett, if I ever catch wind of any news about you being unfaithful, I'll come over and set you straight myself." 
Sarah, noticing Emma's nerves around them, easily pieced together the reason. After spending a week there and a day at the Premier Palace, Sarah and Raymond headed back home.
As soon as they left the hospital, Emma visibly relaxed. She was set to be discharged today, her wounds healed enough for her to recover at home.
Dustin had arranged for her to stay at his villa, with three nannies hired to handle the twins' feeding and diaper changes, giving Emma a much-needed break.
However, Dustin found himself busier than ever, juggling meetings, taking care of the kids, and cooking for Emma.
Now able to move around, Emma sat on the couch as Dustin prepped dinner in the kitchen. It was already seven in the evening.
With the nannies upstairs tending to
the babies, Emma was watching TV alone. Just as she reached for a fork to enjoy some fruit, she noticed Dustin's phone light up with a new message. 
Without meaning to pry, her eyes caught the top line of the text: "Jett, I'm pregnant."
###Chapter 1497
Emma glanced at the caller ID; it said Clare.
A girl's name.
Her mind drifted back to something Dustin had mentioned before. During his time back in North America, he'd had a short fling. Was Clare the one? Pregnant?
Her face went pale, her eyelashes drooping, and her hands instinctively curled up in front of her.
Ten minutes after reading the message, her phone buzzed. It was Clare.
Emma hesitated for a few seconds before calling out to Dustin in the kitchen.
"Did someone call?"
Dustin, still wearing his apron, was bringing out some dishes. He frowned slightly at the caller ID.
After answering, Clare's voice came through immediately.
"Oh my God, what do I do? I think I'm pregnant. I'm in Beaconsfield, and I don't know anyone here. Can you take me to the hospital for a check-up? I have no idea who the father is." "What are you saying?"
"Sob, during those days I was kidnapped, I was forced... there were many men. I don't know whose it is, but I feel so sick all of a sudden, like I want to throw up. I think I might be pregnant. Can you take me to the hospital?" Dustin rubbed his forehead, glancing over at Emma, who had already taken her seat and served him dinner.
"Send me your location."
After hanging up, he turned to Emma.
"I have a friend in a bit of a mess, Emma. You'll have to eat without me; I'll be back soon."
Emma didn't respond right away.
Dustin, already pulling off his apron, called her again, "Emma?"
Her face was pale, but she managed a weak smile.
"Go ahead, then."
Dustin leaned in and kissed her cheek.
"Finish up and get some rest. The night nurse is here for the baby; you don't have to worry."
Emma nodded, her lashes fluttering down.
"Dustin, make sure you come back soon. The baby's starting to recognize people."
As she said this, her heart clenched, realizing she might sound a bit selfish.
She always claimed the baby was hers alone, but after basking in his warmth for so long, she'd grown greedy.
Knowing he was off to see another woman, possibly a pregnant one, stirred anxiety and a faint hope that he might return quickly for the baby's sake.
His kindness was a trap, a poison.
Dustin chuckled, "Yeah, sure."
And with that, he was out the door.
As soon as the door clicked shut, Emma put down her fork.
Staring at the closed door, the once-delicious meal now seemed tasteless.
After sitting in a daze for half an hour, she asked the servants to clear the table.
"Ms. Emma, aren't you eating?"
"No, I think I'll head to bed."
Upstairs, Emma tossed and turned, unable to sleep.
She looked at the scar on her belly, now scabbed over. Sometimes, the healing wound itched, and in her half-asleep state, she'd scratch at it. 
Dustin, worried she might accidentally reopen the wound and cause an infection, stayed by her bedside every night.
He knew she hadn't fully accepted
him yet, so he didn't rush to join her in bed. Instead, he sat by the bed, eventually placing a small couch, about a meter wide, to hold her hand every night. 
Habits are a funny thing.
Tonight, no one held her hand, leaving her feeling completely alone, the house feeling emptier.
The small couch by the bed was vacant, and cries from the baby's room next door broke the silence.
She quickly got up and went to the baby's room, which was spacious, finding one of the night nurses gently patting her sister's back. "Ms. Emma, you're still awake?"
The period when the baby is still breastfeeding is the toughest on a mother, often waking up to the baby's cries in the middle of the night.
But with three night nurses and Dustin's help, Emma usually slept well.
Except tonight, with Dustin gone, the baby's cries woke her.
She hurriedly took her sister into her arms, softly cooing.
"There, there, no need to cry."
She moved to a chair, opening her blouse to nurse.
Her sister, perhaps upset, sucked vigorously.
Emma winced at the pain but
endured, using a baby wipe to gently
dab at her sister's tears, ensuring
she calmed down before adjusting her clothes and handing the baby back to the night nurse. 
The nurse couldn't help but tease.
"Mr. Lynch always manages to calm her without any tears. This little one must really know her people."
Emma's heart ached at the mention of Dustin, but she forced a smile and returned to bed.
###Chapter 1498
After Clare hung up with Dustin, she set her phone aside and waited in silence. She was sure he'd come; she really was pregnant, though she knew exactly who the father was.
In the week following their fling, Clare speculated if a baby could tie Dustin down. Yet, Dustin was always so careful-no woman had ever managed to trap him. His precautions were foolproof.
With no other option, Clare turned to another man and got pregnant. She then spun a heartbreaking tale. The supposed kidnappers were out of the picture, leaving no one to debunk her story. Her tears were so convincing, Dustin was bound to believe her. She'd checked his social media; he was now the proud dad of a boy and a girl. His life seemed so perfect, making her own situation-carrying another man's child-seem all the more tragic.
Considering Dustin had recently rescued her, she figured he'd show her some compassion.
True to form, Dustin showed up.
The moment Clare saw him, tears welled up and spilled over. "Dustin."
Dustin looked concerned, seeing her in such light clothing, like she'd just arrived from a colder part of North America. It was deep winter. Wasn't she freezing?
He shrugged off his jacket and wrapped it around her, his brow furrowed. "The doctors checked you before. Why didn't you say anything?"
Clare lowered her gaze. "I just couldn't."
Dustin opened the car door. "Let's get you to a hospital. You've got a big following now; we need somewhere discreet."
Clare got into the car, shivering.
"It's okay. I just want to arrange for an abortion. It's not your child, so don't worry. I can't keep it, a child with no known father. Dustin, can you help me book it? I'm sorry for bothering you. I saw your social media; you seem really happy." Her tears flowed again.
Dustin gripped the steering wheel, his tone softening. "I'll talk to the doctor. What about afterwards? Going back?"
Clare shook her head, her tears falling even harder.
"If I go back now, I'll be found out. I've got a two-month leave, so I can stay in Beaconsfield to recover. But I'm not familiar with the area. Not sure where the nice neighborhoods are." Dustin glanced at her in the rearview mirror.
"After the surgery, I'll take you to a property I own in Beaconsfield. It's empty; you can stay there for now."
Clare had already returned the black
card Dustin gave her that night via Cefusing to take any benefits that encounter.
from
Dustin's offer now was just to make up for that night.
"That villa's yours now. Take care of yourself."
Clare's eyes brightened, her lips curling into a small smile. "Thank you."
Once they reached the hospital, Dustin found a doctor he knew to handle Clare's procedure.
The surgery was quick, but Clare, after a long night, wasn't feeling great and decided to stay the night at the hospital.
Dustin was ready to leave until the
doctor asked, "Miss, do you havez anyone with you? You're not in great shape, and there might be injections later. The side effects can be painful." en FindNovel
"I'm fine."
Hearing this, Dustin stayed, sitting in the hallway outside.
At 3 a.m., after Clare was given an injection and cried out, Dustin went in to hand her a tissue.
"Dustin, sorry for keeping you from home."
Dustin sat down, his face calm. "The kids have a nanny, and Emma's understanding. She won't ask about my whereabouts." Clare forced a smile. "Your fiancée sounds wonderful. Got a date set?"
"Not yet. We'll wait until she's better."
This meant Clare still had a shot. She could play on Dustin's guilt.
She couldn't accept not being Dustin's chosen one, especially when another woman suddenly appeared, pregnant.
It all boiled down to luck, didn't it?
Clare knew she had changed,
especially after hearing Dustin say he just wanted to settle down, t seemed that woman was just a bit luckier than the rest. 
###Chapter 1499
"Jack, I really wish you the best."
She lay in bed, looking so vulnerable and delicate.
Dustin took a deep breath, moving to the window to gaze out into the night.
"Thanks. I can't believe I'm lucky enough to have a son and a daughter."
Clare watched him, her eyes a mix of emotions.
"Yeah, you're really lucky."
Dustin stayed with her until the crack of dawn.
Once Clare was sound asleep, he headed back to his place.
He'd barely slept, but knowing Emma liked breakfast at eight, he put on an apron and got busy in the kitchen.
Emma came downstairs, hearing the sounds from the kitchen and rushed over, finding Dustin there.
Her throat felt tight, and she hesitated at the door.
Dustin, still in his apron, looked up, "Didn't catch some more sleep? Was the baby up last night?" "Yeah."
He brought the breakfast he made to the table. "Dig in."
Emma nodded and sat down quietly.
Sensing her silence, Dustin walked up and hugged her from behind.
"Feeling down because of the baby? Want to go out for a bit?"
Emma hesitated before asking, "How's everything going online?"
She hadn't streamed since having the baby. The ordeal of giving birth and the weight loss would surely be noticeable on camera.
Fans were buzzing with theories about her secretly getting married.
"I had Stellar Stage Entertainment put out a statement saying you got married."
Emma froze, dreading her fans' reactions. Just as her streaming career was taking off, she'd vanished. They'd be disappointed.
She opened her mouth but couldn't find the right words, feeling a hollow ache inside.
She wanted to ask Dustin about the text from last night but just couldn't.
The rest of breakfast went by in silence.
Later, she got a text from an unknown number.
Jack was with me at the hospital last night for an abortion, and he even gave me a mansion to recover. Here's the address if you want to check. You're lucky to have his kids while mine were lost.
Clare had connections in Beaconsfield who found out about the woman who had Dustin's children.
It was all over the social circles there.
Clare sent the message to make Emma think the aborted child was Dustin's.
Because you had his son and daughter, my child was unwanted. As a mom, you must get how I feel, right?
Emma read the message, feeling like her heart had been stabbed.
Her fingers trembled, and she was at a loss for words.
She felt completely blank.
As a new mom, she knew the pain of losing a child.
And knowing Dustin took the other woman to the hospital...
Was Dustin really that cold-hearted?
Emma, Dustin said you showed up at just the right time when he
wanted to settle down and have kids. But all he wanted was the
woman. He doesn't love you
mother of his kids, not you as.
The last message hit her like a ton of bricks.
QUMS
No one knows what a woman fears most like another woman.
R
Clare's message struck Emma's deepest fears.
She'd asked Dustin if it was all about the kids, and he'd been honest.
Emma's throat tightened, facing this for the first time, unsure of what to do. Dustin had already left, saying he was heading to Stellar Stage Entertainment. Thinking of the address, Emma had the driver take her there.
When the car stopped near the mansion, she saw Dustin, who was supposed to be at Stellar Stage
Entertainment, walking inside 
Emma watched silently, feeling a chill run through her. She'd started to care for Dustin because of his gentle nature.
But she never thought such gentleness could be so devastating.
Right now, she felt a pain she'd never known, like ants gnawing at her heart.
Emma's hands tightened into fists, nails digging into her palms without her noticing.
After just ten minutes, Dustin came out of the mansion.
###Chapter 1500
Emma couldn't shake off the nagging thoughts as she drove away. That woman's text, coupled with Dustin's casual remark about bedmates, played on repeat in her mind. It made her lips curl into a bitter smile. She'd let herself fall for him-his kindness, his gentle ways.
So, the heartache she felt now? Well, she couldn't say she didn't see it coming.
The reality hit her like a cold slap in the face, waking her up from a dream she'd been weaving herself into. She shut her eyes for a moment, choosing not to storm inside, not to confront anyone. Instead, she headed back to Dustin's place, gathered the nannies and her two kids, and moved them to the villa she'd leased across the street.
Peyton, who had been there alone recently, looked up in surprise when Emma walked in. "Emma, you're back already?" she asked, her eyebrows arching in curiosity.
Emma had been biting back her feelings, but the familiar comfort of her mother's voice broke her defenses, and tears started to spill over. Peyton, immediately concerned, rushed to check on the little ones, who were thankfully still snoozing peacefully. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" she asked, her voice a mix of worry and confusion.
The nannies stood by, just as puzzled as Peyton. Emma quickly swiped at her cheeks and pointed upstairs. "The first room on the left is all set up for the kids. You're all going to stay here from now on. I'll cover your salaries," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. Hiring three highly-skilled nannies wasn't cheap-twenty grand a month each, and that didn't even include rent. Emma felt the pinch of financial strain creeping up on her.
"Mom, my scars are healed, and I'm jumping back into streaming tonight," she stated, trying to muster some enthusiasm.
Peyton simply nodded, standing by her daughter's decision without question. "Emma, did you have a rough time at Dustin's?" she finally asked, her voice gentle but probing. Emma's eyes glistened with fresh tears. "No, it's... I was just too hopeful," she confessed quietly.
Peyton didn't push further, just offered a comforting pat on Emma's shoulder. Her love needed no words.
Later, when Dustin came home to find only the hired help and an empty house, he felt a pang of unease. He put the groceries away and immediately called Emma.
"Mr. Lynch," Emma's voice came through the line, formal and distant, catching Dustin off guard.
"You've always used my first name. Why the change?" he thought, puzzled by the shift. "Emma, where did you go?" he asked, trying to keep his tone light.
"I've moved back to the villa across the street with the nannies. I need to start streaming again tonight. It doesn't sit right, staying at your place," she replied, her tone polite but firm. 
en FindNovel
"Is everything okay?" Dustin pressed, his concern genuine.
"Yeah, just... I've been a burden, Mr. Lynch, and I need to stop. My mom's here, and she can handle things. She's been lonely," Emma said, a hint of regret in her voice.
Dustin felt like he was being pushed away. "Could your mom maybe make an extra plate for me?" he asked, trying to hold onto some connection.
"Mr. Lynch, you know how she
is-nervous around you, especially after she's tasted your cooking. She feels her food isn't up to par. If you came over, it would just stress her out more, and she's still healing. I don't want that," Emma explained, her voice weighed down by unspoken sentiments. 
Silence lingered between them, and sensing nothing more needed to be said, Emma hung up. She turned to the mirror, picking up her makeup brush.
She couldn't believe she'd put her
career on hold because of the kids. She knew tonight's stream would bring criticism, but she was ready to face it. She had let her fans down, failed to meet their expectations. 
QUMS
As she applied her makeup, tears mingled with the foundation, and she paused to dab them away before continuing.
###Chapter 1501
Finally, she perfected her makeup, and as the clock hit the hour, she kicked off her live stream. Her fans had been waiting eagerly, the air thick with buzz about Emma's rumored marriage, which had been lighting up the trending charts. Yet, she'd kept them guessing so far. "Hey everyone, it's Emma. Feels like forever, doesn't it?" she greeted.
The chat blew up instantly, everyone clamoring to know if the whispers about her hitching up with the mysterious Mr. Zero were true.
Reading the sea of well-wishes and concerned messages, Emma felt a wave of guilt wash over her.
"No, guys, I'm not married to Mr. Zero. Honestly, I wouldn't recognize him if I bumped into him on the street," she confessed.
But the questions kept coming, mixed with a few harsh voices throwing insults, branding her a sellout.
Emma's eyes dropped, feeling the sting of their words. "I'm sorry for letting you down. I've had a lot on my mind, but here I am, back like before. To those who stick by me, thank you. To those who don't, I understand." The chat settled down, the trolls temporarily silenced.
Emma carried on chatting, just like the good old days, though it was clear everyone was curious about her "husband." She kept that topic under wraps.
Meanwhile, across the street, Dustin was glued to her stream. His face was a mask, a stark contrast to her cheerful chatter with fans. If he hadn't seen her so lifeless in that hospital bed, he'd think everything was fine. Lighting a cigarette, Dustin watched the stream, thinking about her calling out for Mr. Lynch that night, a heaviness in his chest.
As his cigarette burned to the end, he was still at a loss about where things had gone wrong. He sent Emma a message. "Don't overdo the streaming, Emma. Remember to rest."
Emma glanced at her phone during the live stream but stayed unfazed, continuing her chat as if the message was from a stranger.
Dustin felt frustration bubbling up, taking a deep breath before sending another message. "Did I do something wrong?"
Emma simply set her phone aside, ignoring his message. She had set up a streaming space on the ground floor, away from where her child slept upstairs. The villa was spacious enough that any crying wouldn't disturb her. After ending the stream, Emma stared blankly at the dark screen, lost in her thoughts.
Peyton came in with some fruit. "I have to admit, my knife skills aren't quite as artistic as Dustin's. He turns fruit into little animals, making them even tastier somehow." 
Emma smiled softly. "Mom, I prefer yours, always. It's just us now. I'll keep working hard, and if you ever fancy some gold, I'll buy you some every week. It's a smart investment, right? If things get tough, we can sell it 
Peyton suspected there was trouble with Dustin but stood by Emma's choices. "Emma, whatever you decide, I'm with you."
Emma's eyes welled up with tears, the weight of everything pressing down on her. "Mom, I'm sorry."
Peyton, too, was close to tears, quickly turning away. "Let's not dwell on the past. You've forgiven my old ways, and that's all I need. We'll figure this out together." Peyton's change of heart was a rare comfort. Emma took a deep breath, "I'll work hard."
On the other side, Dustin, still waiting e for a reply, felt puzzled and restless. That night, struggling to sleep, be sent another message. "The baby didn't cry tonight, did they?" 
Emma replied this time. "No, very quiet."
Dustin lay awake, missing the nights when they'd fall asleep hand in hand, occasionally waking to check on their child. Now, the empty house only made him feel more uneasy. Eventually, he drifted off in the early hours, only to get up at dawn and head over to Emma's.
Peyton greeted him at the door, her demeanor polite but distant. "Emma's in the nursery; the baby woke up crying, and she's feeding them now."
Dustin walked briskly to the nursery, opening the door to see Emma soothing their child, gently wiping away tears with a baby wipe.
"Emma," he called softly.
As he approached, he noticed her exposed while feeding, pausing before quickly grabbing a pair of slippers, setting them down in front of her. "Put these on."
###Chapter 1502
Emma slipped into her clothes and handed her baby to the nanny next door, looking relaxed as ever.
"Mr. Lynch, what brings you here so early?" she asked with a curious smile.
Dustin suddenly felt like he'd lost his voice, as if someone had knocked the wind out of him. Right then, his phone buzzed. Clare was calling to report a break-in from the previous night.
A frown creased Dustin's forehead. The neighborhood was known for its tight security; a burglary seemed unbelievable.
"I'm actually at the police station right now. They've caught the burglar," Clare informed him.
Emma, who knew exactly who was on the phone, noticed the change in Dustin's demeanor and asked if anyone was hurt.
Clare let out a sigh of relief. "No one got hurt, but the thief is a kid from the neighborhood. It's a bit of a tricky situation."
"I'll head over shortly," Dustin assured.
Hanging up, he turned to Emma. "I'll come back and make lunch."
"Really, Mr. Lynch, there's no need," Emma replied with a warm smile. "My mom's cooking is just perfect for me. I've been enjoying it for years."
Dustin knelt beside her, gently clasping her hands. "Emma."
She pulled her hands back gently, "If you've got stuff to handle, Mr. Lynch, you should get to it."
The thought of Clare and her situation, his responsibility in it, and her isolation in Beaconsfield nagged at him. He rubbed his temples briefly. "I'll be back soon."
With that, he left. Emma took a deep breath and turned her attention back to the smiling babies in the stroller. Her heart melted, prompting her to buy two saplings from the local nursery, planting them as symbols of life and growth in the garden.
Yet, she was still stuck on what to name them. Should they have the last name Moll or Lynch? The decision seemed impossible.
Peyton, noticing her struggle, chimed in decisively. "Let's give the boy the Lynch surname and the girl Moll. There, problem solved." Emma's eyes lit up. She named her son Jaime and her daughter Heather, then went to get their names officially registered.
Meanwhile, Dustin's visit to Clare
was longer than expected. He discovered the thief was indeed a neighborhood kid, known for sticky fingers who had given Clare quite a scare by breaking in during the night. 
BUMS
"I'll get a few people to help you out, keep you company," he decided, making arrangements before Clare could respond. Clare discreetly snapped a picture of him making a call by the window and sent it to Emma. "Sorry, he's here again."
Emma, usually bold and unafraid to
stand up to online trolls, found
herself at a loss when dealing with a rival for Dustin's affection. This was uncharted territory for her, and she was unsure how to respond, especially since Clare had recently lost a child-a loss that seemed
ave
partly due to Dustin's decisions.
This realization made her wary of Dustin, but she knew she wasn't personally involved in their drama. As long as she didn't expect anything from Dustin, she wouldn't be disappointed.
Clare's texts kept coming. "Can you really accept him for who he is? He still keeps in touch with all his exes."
Emma, feeling overwhelmed by the constant messages, had no idea how to respond, her mood growing darker by the minute.
Peyton, coming downstairs for dinner and seeing Emma's troubled face, offered some comfort. "Emma, after dinner, get some good rest. You don't seem like yourself."
Emma nodded, heading upstairs for some sleep after dinner.
After cleaning up, Peyton noticed Emma's phone on the table. Remembering her recent fixation on it and knowing her passcode, Peyton decided to take a peek. The screen was still on Clare's messages.
Peyton, able to piece together the gist of the messages, felt anger bubbling up sometimes at Dustin, sometimes at Clare. Emma had just had a baby, and during their hospital stay, Peyton had learned how emotionally vulnerable new mothers can be. And here was Clare, continually provoking her. 
###Chapter 1503
Peyton had reached her breaking point. Clutching her phone, she stormed out, set on confronting the woman who had been messaging Emma. Enough was enough.
There were a couple of reasons Peyton chose to handle this face-to-face. For one, she wasn't exactly tech-savvy, struggling even with basic texting. Plus, she was curious about the woman who claimed to be pregnant by Dustin. Maybe, just maybe, she could talk some
sense into her and stop her from making Emma's life a living hell.
Back in her small town, Peyton was the kind who'd believe anything folks told her-a real pushover. But her daughter's well-being spurred her into action, dissolving any reservations she might've had.
These days, Peyton knew how to grab a cab, so she hopped in and had the driver take her straight to the address. By the time she got there, Dustin was long gone, having no intention of sticking around for drama.
When Peyton reached the villa and rang the doorbell, she took a deep breath, bracing herself.
Clare opened the door, her eyebrow arching as she took in the sight of Peyton, who looked every bit the small-town mom.
"Can I help you?" Clare asked coolly.
"I'm Emma's mom," Peyton replied, a bit taken aback by Clare's polished appearance.
Clare gave a sly smile. "So, you're Emma's mom. What brings you here?"
"Please, could you stop sending those messages to Emma? She's just had a baby, and she's really emotional right now."
"Oh, dear," Clare said with a mocking tilt of her head. "Emma's got her baby, while, well, mine's gone. Dustin was right there for me when it happened. Are you really okay with having someone like him as your son-in-law? Aren't you worried about your daughter? She's a streamer, right? Probably makes a good living. Quite the accomplishment for someone from a small town, huh?"
Peyton couldn't find the words. She was deeply unhappy with Dustin's behavior, but what could she say?
Ever since Emma had started opening her eyes to the world, Peyton had tried to evolve too. Now, standing in front of Clare, she just sighed. "Emma isn't planning to marry Dustin anytime soon."
"Auntie," Clare said, almost amused, "you shouldn't let them get married. With Dustin's wandering eye, who knows? Maybe next time, it'll be me coming over when your daughter's expecting her second. Picture that. And this villa? Dustin gave it to me. He's always been generous. Don't I seem like the perfect mistress?" 
Peyton pressed her lips together, unable to argue.
Clare continued with a smirk, "Instead of lecturing me, maybe tell your daughter to steer clear of Dustin. You can go now. It's tricky to get a cab here. Just turn left out of the complex, cross through those houses, and you'll find a spot to catch a ride." 
With that, Clare shut the door.
Peyton stood there for a few moments, feeling utterly defeated. Clare's sharp words had left her speechless.
Following Clare's directions, Peyton set off, hoping for a quick exit. But the left turn led her into a construction zone, bustling with massive trucks and a maze of hazards.
Inside, Clare chuckled. She'd
knowingly directed Peyton into a dangerous area, aware of recent accidents there-one involving an exposed manhole had been fatal." The route had no pedestrian paths, a risk Peyton, unfamiliar with city life, wouldn't recognize. 
Stuck in the middle of a busy road, Peyton spotted a taxi across the way. With no cars in sight, she made a dash for it.
But the expressway traffic moved swiftly. A truck barreled down, hitting her before she could react. Blood stained the pavement as the world spun chaotically around her.
Screams echoed as vehicles screeched to a halt. Peyton, still clutching Emma's phone, watched helplessly as it flew into the bushes.
Meanwhile, back home, Emma tended to her crying babies, Jaime and Heather, her hopes of sleep dashed. Rocking Heather gently, she whispered soothing words, trying to calm the storm around her.
The truck had claimed another life.
###Chapter 1504
The nanny was trying her best to calm Jaime down, but his cries only grew louder, prompting a sigh from her.
"These two little ones just started bawling out of nowhere, and I can't figure out why," she said.
Emma chuckled at the scene, leaning down to plant a playful kiss on Heather's nose, which made the baby burst into giggles.
An hour later, she gently laid Heather down and headed downstairs. Not spotting Peyton, she assumed her mom was catching a nap and didn't bother calling out.
Emma noticed the two trees she'd planted and grabbed a watering can to give them some attention. Recently, Peyton had taken a liking to gardening, filling the garden with peonies, claiming their blooms were noble and stunning. Emma had bought Peyton a gardening kit, and she threw herself into the new hobby with enthusiasm.
"Emma, won't it be lovely when they bloom? Spring's just around the corner," Peyton had said, her excitement evident.
"This patch here is for marigolds. By then, do you think Jaime and Heather will be toddling around?"
Neither Emma nor Peyton had ever tried their hand at gardening before. Peyton had spent years bedridden, and even getting up to stretch was a chore. They were too caught up in the daily grind to indulge in such luxuries as gardening. Seeing the dry soil, Emma realized Peyton hadn't watered the plants today. She quickly took care of it, soaking the parched earth.
After wandering around the garden for a bit, she realized it was already afternoon. Turning on the TV, she caught a news report about an accident. The victim was unidentifiable, and authorities hoped family members would come forward to claim the body at the hospital.
The collision with a truck had been so severe that identifying the body was impossible. The TV only showed the victim's shoes, clothes, and the bloodstains on the ground.
Emma couldn't stomach it, worried it would ruin her mood, so she reached to turn it off. But then she saw the shoes and clothes, and her heart sank.
Those were Peyton's shoes-her
first pair costing over a thousand dollars-and she adored them. The clothes, too, were ones Emma had picked out, with Peyton always washing them by hand to avgid damaging the expensive fabric. 
Emma felt her world shatter.
"Mom!" she called out, her voice echoing through the house. But Peyton didn't appear from her room.
Heart pounding, Emma rushed to open Peyton's bedroom door, finding it empty. Frantically, she searched for her phone to call Peyton.
But her phone was nowhere to be
found. Desperate, she borrowed the nanny's phone, finally reaching Peyton's number, only to hear a police officer on the other end.
en FindNovel
"Hello, are you the deceased's daughter? There was a traffic accident, and the victim died instantly The driver is in custody.
You can come to the morgue to net
identify the body, but we
recommend having the hospital send the body directly to the funeral home, as it might be too much for you to handle." 
Emma was paralyzed with shock, unable to speak, her throat tight with emotion. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
"Miss, please accept our condolences," the officer said sincerely, sending her the hospital's address, though his words were little comfort.
Emma's legs felt like jelly, and she couldn't absorb anything. Returning the phone to the nanny, she grabbed a thousand dollars in cash and rushed out the door. Upstairs, the kids began crying again, but Emma had no energy to tend to them. She felt like fate was playing a cruel joke on her, convinced it couldn't be real. Each step felt like walking on pins and needles, pain with every movement. Giving the taxi driver the address, she couldn't stop the tears from flowing. When she finally arrived at the hospital, police were already waiting. Emma felt like a ghost, led to the fragmented remains, then to meet the driver. Her mind was blank, barely registering the driver's family pleading for forgiveness, insisting it was an accident and begging for understanding.
At that moment, Emma's world felt utterly surreal. She had just become a mother, and now, she was motherless.
###Chapter 1505
The driver's family surrounded her, pleading desperately, bowing so low their foreheads touched the ground. They begged her to go easy on the driver, to ask for less compensation.
Then, someone in the crowd recognized her as the streamer Emma, and chaos erupted in the hospital. Emma was jostled and shoved, caught in a whirlwind of attention as hundreds of phones pointed at her, recording every moment without mercy. "It's Emma the streamer! Her mom was in a car accident and died," someone exclaimed.
"It really is her! She's even more stunning in person," another voice chimed in.
"Her mom just passed away-could you all have some decency and stop filming?" someone else pleaded.
As the crowd realized Emma was the famous streamer, they quickly started a live stream, drawing in viewers by the thousands. The comments were unforgiving. Some accused her of scamming, saying she was just marrying rich now that she was famous, claiming she deserved everything happening to her. Others questioned if she was faking it-how could her mother have died so suddenly?
Through it all, the driver's family continued kneeling, their cries full of tears and desperation. Emma, on the receiving end of this tragedy, couldn't find her voice. Her throat felt raw, and everything around her blurred in and out of focus.
Suddenly, she spotted Dustin weaving through the throng, shrugging off his jacket to shield her, guiding her away from the chaos. Emma stayed silent, numb from the pain that consumed her, wishing she could just escape it all. Dustin's appearance didn't go unnoticed on the live stream. Viewers were initially captivated by his looks before recognizing him.
"That's Dustin, the CEO of Infinity Brilliance. He seems pretty tight with Emma, doesn't he?"
"More than tight-could he be Emma's mysterious fiancé?"
"No way! Do you have any idea what Infinity Brilliance means? It's top-tier elite. Emma's just a small-time streamer; she can't be that lucky."
Dustin helped Emma into the car, while bodyguards held back the crowd. Even in the car, Emma remained silent, her gaze fixed straight ahead, eyes unfocused. Dustin instructed the driver to move, cradling Emma gently against him. Emma's body was rigid, not leaning into him, just sitting quietly.
"Emma?" Dustin called softly.
But she still didn't respond, her face pale as she stared blankly ahead.
When they reached home, the nanny opened the door, holding a tearful Heather, whose cries had turned hoarse from a fever.
"Ms. Emma, Heather seems to have a fever. I was about to take her to the hospital," the nanny explained.
Emma's eyes widened, snapping her back to reality. She quickly gathered Heather in her arms. The child seemed so innocent, her face wet with tears. Emma was ready to rush out.
Dustin gently took Heather from her arms. "You stay here and rest. I'll take her to the hospital right away."
Emma stood there, feeling like her life was spiraling out of control. She watched Dustin leave with her daughter, each of Heather's cries tearing at her heart.
As she came to her senses, she ran after them. "Where are you taking my child?" she called out.
Dustin hesitated but knew he couldn't delay-Heather's fever was dangerous, and her incessant crying was alarming. He quickly got into the car, urgency in his movements.
Emma was about to chase after them when the nanny stopped her. "Ms. Emma, Jaime has been crying non-stop too. We've tried everything, but nothing works. He's not hungry or sick, just crying." 
Emma's steps faltered, her eyes still on the disappearing car. She then turned back inside, picking up Jaime. Instantly, he settled down, his cries ceasing in her arms.
The nannies, exhausted and sweaty
from their efforts, sighed in relief as Jaime had finally quieted. Emma, humming a tune she didn't quite recognize, felt like she was on autopilot. 
Jaime fell asleep in her arms, and in the silence, Emma was
overwhelmed by exhaustion and fear. Was this the price she paid for falling for Dustin? Was this some kind of divine punishment, for being too greedy? 
But why did the punishment fall on her mother instead of her? Her mother had endured a lifetime of hardship, only now starting to enjoy better days. How could this be happening? Tears streamed down Emma's face, each drop making it harder to breathe.
###Chapter 1506
In the pediatric wing of the hospital, Dustin was pacing like a caged lion, worry etched on his face as his child's cries echoed through the halls. The sound made his heart race, fearing that their little one might just stop breathing from the intensity of it all. When the doctor finally came out, Dustin rushed over, barely able to contain his anxiety. "How are they?" he asked, tension clear in his voice.
"Mr. Lynch, try to relax. Your child is okay but needs a bit of observation until the fever breaks," the doctor reassured him.
Relief flooded through Dustin, and he quickly called Emma to set her mind at ease. But her phone just rang and rang, lying silent in a bush near the accident scene, its ringtone swallowed by the noise of passing traffic.
With a heavy sigh, Dustin sank into a chair, his mind replaying the image of Emma's distressed face from earlier that day, twisting his heart with worry.
Then his phone buzzed, Brielle's name lighting up the screen. "How's Emma holding up?" she asked.
"She's home, not doing too well," Dustin replied.
"I'll go check on her," Brielle offered.
Dustin hesitated. "Maybe not now. She doesn't know you that well and might not be up for a chat. Let's give her some space. We need to contact a lawyer, make sure the driver pays up."
A heavy sadness filled Brielle. Emma and Peyton had been each other's rock for so long, and now with Peyton gone, what was Emma going to do? Would she regret moving to Beaconsfield? For now, all Brielle could do was seek justice, ensuring the driver faced the consequences of their actions.
Meanwhile, Emma was at home, cradling Jaime, her eyes vacant and distant. The news of Peyton's death had cast a heavy silence over the house, leaving everyone hesitant to disturb her solitude. Emma sat by the window, watching the garden until the early hours, Jaime sleeping peacefully in her arms. Dustin returned with Heather, who was finally resting soundly after her fever broke. He entered the room and found Emma sitting alone. Hurrying over, he gently took both children, carrying them upstairs to bed.
"Why are you up all by yourself? You should be getting some rest," he said softly.
Emma's gaze snapped back to reality, startled by the emptiness in her arms. "Jaime..."
"I've taken her upstairs. The kids are sleeping now, and you should be too. You need to take care of yourself."
Tears silently streamed down Emma's cheeks, her grief a quiet scream. Dustin's heart ached, and he softly stroked her hair in comfort.
"I've arranged everything for your mom and spoken to a lawyer about the driver. I also got you some time off from Stellar Stage Entertainment. No need to stream for a while."
Emma didn't respond, sinking deeper into her sorrow as Dustin continued. "The driver wasn't drunk, just overworked, which led to the accident."
She nodded weakly, her lips parched and cracked, a sign of how little she had cared for herself all day. Dustin quickly fetched a glass of warm water. "Here, have a sip."
But Emma couldn't bring herself to drink, even though her throat felt like it was on fire.
ét
"I never thought... my mom just suddenly wanting to go out, ending up there... How can someone just die like that? I should never have come to Beaconsfield. We'd have been better off in our small town. It's all my fault..." 
Her voice trembled as the weight of her choices hit her hard, blaming herself for the tragedy that had unfolded.
"I've made so many decisions,
including moving here. If we'd just
stayed in our little home, maybe she'd still be here. My ambition led us here, to this point of no return." 
l.no
Emma felt crushed by despair, unsure how to face the future, her responsibilities, or even the camera again. Peyton's absence left a gapingvoid, like losing her shelter in a storm, exposing her to unbearable cofe and pain. 
Dustin held her close, offering silent solace, his own heart heavy with her loss.
###Chapter 1507
Emma had been out cold for two days straight, unable to keep any food down. Every time she tried to eat, it just came right back up.
After giving birth to two kids, it felt like she'd lost half her life force. She'd just started to look a bit healthier when she suddenly dropped twenty pounds, losing that vibrant glow she once had. She looked so frail, like she could pass out at any moment. She refused to eat, and Dustin couldn't force it on her, so they had to hook her up to an IV to get some nutrients in her.
Meanwhile, he was overwhelmed, juggling everything else and taking care of their two kids. Even though Emma wasn't eating, Dustin still cooked every day, hoping she might change her mind.
Three days later, Brielle finally stopped by. Seeing Dustin alone in the kitchen, busy as ever, she couldn't help but ask, "Hey, where's Emma?"
Dustin was chopping veggies. "Upstairs with the kids."
Brielle hurried upstairs, finding Emma in the kids' room, sitting there with a vacant look, holding one of the babies. The window was open, letting in a draft.
Brielle quickly shut it. "Emma, you doing okay?"
Emma snapped back to reality, offering Brielle a weak smile after a long pause. "Yeah, thanks for asking, Mr. Haywood."
Seeing how much weight Emma had lost made Brielle's heart ache. But what could she say to ease her pain? This was about losing someone close.
"Emma, just focus on resting for now. Forget about the livestream and all that," Brielle suggested.
Emma's mind was a mess, barely registering what Brielle was saying. Dustin would talk to her every day, but sometimes it was like she couldn't hear a word, just watching their lips move. "Yeah, thanks, Mr. Haywood."
Brielle strolled over to the baby's crib and gently rocked it. That seemed to snap Emma out of her daze. She stood up quickly and rushed over, picking up the sleeping baby. "It's okay, it's okay, don't cry."
Brielle just stood there, unsure of what to say. Emma was so focused on the baby, reacting to every little sound, thinking it might be the baby crying. Maybe she was hoping for a cry, just to feel alive. Brielle was at a loss for words and just gave Emma a reassuring pat on the shoulder. Then, she headed downstairs, finding Dustin still busy in the kitchen.
"Did they figure out what caused Peyton's accident? It happened so far from here, and she was always so cautious. How did she end up there alone?"
Dustin stiffened, putting down his knife. "Driver fatigue. The driver hadn't slept properly in three days. And Peyton wasn't paying attention either. Both were at fault."
"I saw the news coverage of the
accident. The media's pointing fingers at Emma, saying Peyton
went onto the expressway by
innocent and that it's only benet
herself. They claim the driver wonet
of Emma's fame that there's talk of compensation. Emma should steer clear of the internet for a while; it'll break her." 
Dustin stopped everything, his shoulders slumping. "Brielle, I honestly don't know what to do."
Brielle rubbed her temples, "If I were Emma, I'd be falling apart. Just like when Max was lost in that fire. I couldn't see or hear anything,
world was just chaos. Emma et
already been through so much with the childbirth, and now this. We should just be there for her, talk to her." 
Brielle's eyes were sharp, "But I need to check Peyton's surveillance footage. It doesn't add up that she'd go there for no reason."
Dustin dished up the food he'd been cooking, a humorless smile on his face. "Look into it. But no matter what we find, Emma's mom isn't coming back."
True to her word, Brielle dove into the investigation. She found footage of Peyton leaving her house, looking upset and constantly checking her phone. She even tracked down the driver, who remembered where Peyton wanted to go.
It was another property of Dustin's in
Beaconsfield Brielle got her hands on the key surveillance footage, showingPeyton arriving at Dustin's place, But who was the woman who answered the door? All she could tell was that the woman was stunning. 
From the distant footage, it seemed like they had a calm conversation, with no signs of an argument. Peyton left heading left, which was odd because she should've gone back the way she came to get a cab. The footage revealed no clear issues. Brielle was puzzled and called Dustin. "Dustin, who's the woman at the Beaconsfield place? Peyton met her an hour before the accident."
###Chapter 1508
Dustin's eyes narrowed slightly, and a shadow passed over his face. "I had a fling back in North America," he admitted, "and not too long ago, she got caught up in a mess and ended up pregnant. I was there with her when she went through the abortion."
Brielle was taken aback. She wasn't like Emma or other women who might brush this off. "Bro, I told you not to hurt Emma because you're such a ladies' man. Women are always throwing themselves at you. Even if you turn them down, is it because of Emma herself? Or just because she's the mother of your kid? You should talk to that woman in your villa, see if she's been stirring the pot with Emma or Peyton. If she is, you owe Emma a big apology."
Dustin fell silent, then went straight to see Clare. Clare was at home, recovering, and her eyes brightened when she saw him. "Finally, you've come to see me," she said, trying to hug him, but he stepped back.
"Did Emma's mom come looking for you?" Dustin asked, standing aside.
Clare nodded, her eyes wide and innocent. "Yes, she showed up out of nowhere, asking a bunch of questions. She seemed really worried about her daughter."
Dustin's gaze was sharp, his dark eyes probing. "Clare, she wouldn't just show up without a reason. She knew the address and that there's a woman living here."
"Don't be mad," Clare replied. "I sent Emma a few messages. Maybe her mom saw them and that's why she came. But I explained everything. I told her I'm just here to recover and would leave in a couple of months. She didn't say much after that. As for the messages, you know I've always been curious about Emma."
She played the innocent card perfectly. "If you don't believe me, check the surveillance around the house. I didn't have any conflict with her."
From day one, Clare knew where all the cameras were, aware they couldn't record sound, just expressions. During her talk with Peyton, she was careful to keep her face in check. Being a professional model, she knew how to handle being on camera.
The messages she sent Emma were
just to stir things up, not proof of anything. They'd only serve to drive a wedge between Emma and Dustin, which was exactly what she wanted. If there was a rift, it would be her
chance to swoop in.
"I'm sorry," Clare said, her voice soft. "I shouldn't have sent those messages. I just wanted to meet her, see if there was anything to it. If I've offended anyone, I'm truly sorry."
Dustin's gaze remained sharp, but Clare's face showed no emotion. She lowered her lashes. "If you can't handle a few messages from me, I'll leave Beaconsfield tonight and head back to North America."
Dustin rubbed his temples, his tone icy. "Then go. It's because of your messages that Emma's mom showed up and had that accident."
Clare's eyes filled with tears, her lips twitching. "Shouldn't the blame be on the driver who caused the accident? I never wanted Emma's mom to get hurt."
As she spoke, Emma appeared
outside, standing quietly a short distance away. She watched Clare suddenly embrace Dustin. Brielle had already called her, explaining that Peyton had gone out to meet this woman. Brielle couldn't keep it from Emma; she had a right to the truth. 
Emma had planned to confront Clare, but seeing this scene made her feel sick not with Dustin, but with herself, for ever hoping for more from him. Her mother had died because of this woman, and now her phone was gone, likely taken by her mother. This woman was
indirectly responsible for her
mother's death. 
But now, Dustin and the woman responsible were embracing. Emma lost the courage to confront them. Regardless of the truth, her mother was gone. Nothing else mattered. She turned and walked away without a second thought.
Dustin, meanwhile, pushed Clare away, his expression cold. "This villa is yours. When you leave is up to you, but don't call me again."
###Chapter 1509
Clare's face was filled with sadness as she watched Emma walk away, nodding slowly in acceptance. "I understand. Don't worry, I won't reach out to you again."
Seeing her acceptance, Dustin frowned slightly, as if struck by a thought, and left her with a warning.
"If you message Emma again, I won't be so nice."
"You're cruel, truly heartless."
Clare cried behind him, but Dustin didn't even glance back and just walked away.
Meanwhile, Emma found herself at the scene of Peyton's accident, where traffic was still bustling. She wandered along the road in a daze for a while before spotting a blood-stained phone in the bushes by the roadside. Her eyes widened slightly, and she stood there frozen, hesitant to touch it.
She knew it had to be her mother's blood.
Her fingers trembled as she crouched down, wanting to pick up the phone but finding herself unable to, just staring blankly at it.
If her mother had come here because of messages on this phone, then in a way, she was responsible.
She should have deleted those taunting messages right away. Why did she let her mother see them?
Emma squatted there, staring at the bushes and weeping.
Soon, Clare approached from behind.
Having seen Dustin drive away, she thought she'd try her luck here to see if Emma would show up.
And indeed, Emma was here.
Standing behind her, Clare paused briefly before introducing herself.
"I'm Clare, a model and Dustin's companion back in North America. I've loved him deeply and followed him here. I recently lost a baby and was in a bad place when I sent you those messages. I'm truly sorry, please forgive my grief."
"The thought that Dustin was there with me at the hospital, losing our baby, just made me so resentful, and I took it out on you. I'm sorry, but as you saw, Dustin isn't mad at me, so I hope you can move on too."
Her tone was genuinely sincere.
Emma had picked up the phone by then, a faint, wry smile tugging at her lips.
She didn't want to talk to Clare, not at all.
She stood up, intending to leave, but Clare continued.
"Being with Dustin won't make you happy. You saw it, he can't let go of me."
Emma's heart ached slightly, a subtle pain, and she began to loathe herself for feeling hurt by those words.
Her mother was gone, and she'd only wanted to work hard to give them both a better life.
But now, she longed to return to the countryside.
Having seen the world outside, it wasn't as wonderful as she'd imagined.
As much as she once wanted to escape that small village, now she yearned to return, to be the frog in the well.
Clare watched Emma walk away, a slight smile on her face.
Saying just those few words should be enough, right?
Once Emma got into her car, she headed straight back to her villa.
She transferred all the rent money to Aubree, asking her to settle the accounts.
Aubree sensed something was off and asked why she was suddenly paying up.
"Just don't want to leave any debts behind."
Emma tidied up the house a bit, then sent Dustin a message.
"Come see the kids tomorrow morning."
Dustin was surprised by the message but quickly replied, "Okay."
el.f
Emma also gave the nannies instructions on the kids' care, kissed Jaime and Heather on the cheeks, and then put on the same outfit she wore when she first arrived in Beaconsfield. She went to the hospital to collect Peyton's ashes, then took a car back to the countryside alone. 
She left in the afternoon and reached the town by late night.
With no buses back to the village at that hour, she had to hire an unlicensed cab.
But the car broke down about ten
miles
was out, with the drivet
s from the village, and
Emma
demanding triple the fare. 
Alone against a burly driver, she didn't dare resist, paid the money, and continued on foot down the narrow path.
Far from the village, guided only the light
f her phone, she wall
the bumpy road, feeling walk
stomach and chest. 
This road was tough, with cars bouncing along it.
WY
her
Yet, in that moment, Emma felt an unusual sense of familiarity, her eyes welling up as she sat on a nearby rock and cried.
###Chapter 1510
Spring had finally painted the countryside in vibrant colors, filling the air with the sweet songs of birds and the fragrance of blossoms. Emma held Peyton's urn tightly to her chest, wishing she could join him in the afterlife and reunite their little family of three. She spent the entire night sitting on a rock, waiting for the first light of dawn. With the urn in her arms, she prepared to continue her journey just as the village bus slowly rolled into view. The driver spotted her immediately and rolled down the window. "Hey, isn't that Emma? What brings you back here?" he called out.
The bus was packed with villagers heading to town for errands, their curiosity piqued.
Emma gave them a tired smile. "Just some personal business to take care of."
"Your mom was bragging recently, saying you bought a house in Beaconsfield, even a villa!" one of the women chimed in, making everyone lean out to catch a glimpse of Emma's seemingly charmed life.
"Yeah, we were lucky," Emma replied, "But there are things I need to handle back here."
"Wow, what kind of business got you rich so fast? Don't forget us if there's a secret!" another voice piped up.
"We'll see," Emma said, waving as the bus moved on, leaving behind a trail of gossip.
"Do you think Emma's story is true?"
"She does seem different."
"Yeah, there's something new about her." "Emma's never been one to brag."
Their voices faded, a blend of envy and admiration, as Emma continued her walk, After more than an hour, she finally reached her home or what used to be her home. It was now just a flat piece of land.
Remembering that they sold the land to move to town, she realized there was nothing left, not even the old well. The place was completely cleared, likely for new development. Standing there, Emma felt a mix of bitterness and sadness.
She decided to head to the hill where
she used to gather herbs and buried Peyton's urn at the very top. Exhausted and dizzy from the long walk and lack of food, she nibbled
on some herbs and sat down taking
in the lush view below.
Meanwhile, Dustin arrived at Emma's villa in Beaconsfield, his arms full of groceries, only to find Emma missing and the nannies struggling to calm Jaime and Heather, who were crying non-stop. He took the kids in his arms, asking, "Is Emma still sleeping?"
"Ms. Emma left yesterday," a nanny replied.
Dustin's heart sank as he called Emma's phone.
Emma, sitting atop the hill, felt like she was in a world far removed from Dustin's.
vel
Maybe they were always meant to be in different worlds. Her life could have quietly continued in this secluded valley. Her father had. dreamed of a better life in Beaconsfield but died there. Now her mother was gone too. 
She didn't want to go back to Beaconsfield, not wanting to lose more of her family to it.
"Dustin, I'm sorry. Could you speak to Stellar Stage Entertainment for me? I think I belong here, picking herbs. I've brought my mom back; the kids can stay with you."
Dustin was at a loss for words, panic tightening in his throat as the kids cried, as if they knew their mother was leaving them.
But Emma wasn't abandoning them; life had abandoned her first.
###Chapter 1511
Dustin's call ended abruptly, leaving him staring blankly at his phone and the baby nestled in his arms.
The nanny, hovering nearby, asked gently, "Any idea when Ms. Emma's coming back?" Her tone carried an unsettling hint, as if Emma might never return. Dustin snapped out of his daze, realizing the gravity in her voice. He was at a loss for what to do, instinctively comforting the baby, his face a mask of emptiness.
As he descended the stairs, he gently laid the sleeping child down, memories flooding back. Not long ago, Peyton was in the kitchen slicing fruit, Emma was pregnant, eagerly waiting for their baby to arrive. What used to be a routine moment was now a cherished memory. Emma had decided to trace her roots, but what was he supposed to do now? Could he ever go back to the way things were?
Sitting on the couch, Dustin felt lost, like taking care of the kids was all he had left, the rest of him feeling worn and rusty. With a steady hand, he called Brielle.
"Hey, Little Y, Emma's gone. Stellar Stage Entertainment might need to put out a statement."
Brielle, who was out walking the Little Noir pups, came to a halt. "What do you mean, bro?"
"She left the kids and took off from Beaconsfield, probably back to her old hometown. Looks like she might not be coming back."
"Then go after her, man."
Dustin's gaze dropped. "I wish I could, but I can't bring Peyton back."
Emma's life had already been upended by having two kids. Now, because of him, Peyton was gone too. He'd changed her life completely. How could he possibly follow her now, unless he could turn back time?
Brielle didn't know what to say. No one truly understood Emma's journey, but leaving the kids behind showed that their joy couldn't ease the pain of losing Peyton.
She hesitated, rubbing her temples. "Bro, I gotta be honest-there's something off about that woman staying at your place."
Dustin blinked, acknowledging it. "I know. I've already sent her packing. Little Y, Grandma always said my knack for trouble with women would catch up with me. Finding out about Peyton's death made me realize this is the fall my life's been leading up top and it feels like I'll never get back up." 
Brielle's throat tightened. She wanted to say it wasn't his fault, but how could it not be, at least partly? Allowing that woman to stay in Beaconsfield, without explaining to Emma, led to Peyton's tragedy. Even though he was her brother, she
couldn't fully clear him of blame.
"Little Y, I loved cooking for Emma. Watching her enjoy my meals made me happy. Maybe it started because she was carrying my child, but the day she gave birth, seeing her so frail struck me deeply. It was a feeling more profound than love or affection."
That was responsibility-a deep-seated concern that left a permanent mark. It was his first encounter with such emotions. But before he could fully grasp them, Emma had seen enough and left. Time waits for no one.
After hanging up, Dustin kept staring blankly at the TV. The baby beside him shifted, and worried the little one might roll off, he reached out to protect the child.
He had Clare banned from Beaconsfield for good, though legally, he couldn't pin any blame on her for Peyton's death.
Back at his villa with the kids and the nanny, Dustin endured a couple of busy days. The babies, sensing their mom's absence, were particularly fussy, only calming when he soothed them himself.
This stage of infancy is notoriously
tough, often pushing many mothers to their limits. Yet, Dustin handled it admirably, even pausing meetings with Infinity Brilliance executives to tend to his children's cries, showing a devotion that surpassed his past life. 
###Chapter 1512
The executives exchanged startled glances, their eyes finally glued to the big screen in front of them in collective astonishment.
Rumors about Mr. Lynch having kids, specifically twins, had been swirling around North America, making headlines ever since Dustin had posted about it on his social media. But what really caught everyone off guard was Dustin actually showing up with the kids? The execs wished they could hit pause and soak it all in. Yet, Dustin had a real knack for getting the kids to sleep. In no time, a fussy Jaime was snoozing peacefully.
Returning to the TV, Dustin's face slipped back into its usual cool, composed look. "Let's continue, pick up where we left off," he said, and the meeting rolled on.
This scene was becoming a bit of a regular feature. During meetings, Dustin often ducked out to tend to his kids, and sometimes, you could even catch him giving the nanny some pointers. Naturally, everyone was curious about the mother. Why was Dustin always the one taking care of the kids?
A rumor soon started trending across North America, suggesting the mother had been sidelined, with Dustin and her not seeing eye to eye-hinting at an unexpected pregnancy.
Given the late hour in Beaconsfield, folks assumed Dustin wouldn't catch wind of the gossip, but he quickly set the record straight on social media:
"She's fine, just taking some time off. I'm waiting for her to come back."
People reading this felt like they were flipping through a novel. How could the famously flirtatious Dustin be waiting patiently for a woman, especially one who wasn't around for their child?
In high society, full-time moms were the norm, and not managing a child attracted all sorts of in-law disapproval. But here was Dustin, seemingly handling it all himself.
After that single post, Dustin put down his phone. For as long as Emma had been away, his nights had been sleepless, a restless need to hold onto something to finally drift off.
He thought back to when Emma was recovering, how he'd camp out on the couch beside her, holding her hand to stop her from scratching at her stitches. These gestures were reserved for Emma alone, and no one else.
But if Emma realized she might lose Peyton over this, she'd probably shrug it off.
Dustin let out a sigh, feeling a dull ache in his chest.
Breaking up with others had never felt like this before. It was usually just a sense of freedom. But Emma leaving felt like going through a divorce.
Unable to resist, he sent her a message at three in the morning.
"Are you eating well?"
Emma didn't reply-she was deeply engrossed in her own world, having bought back her family land at a steep price and getting the locals to help build houses.
The wooden homes were cozy, and she'd even procured the land in front of her courtyard, thinking about planting a couple more trees there.
The villagers were stunned by her lavish spending, quickly realizing Emma must've struck it rich in Beaconsfield.
"Peyton wasn't exaggerating, Emma's actually made a mint over there," they chattered.
"She spent enough buying back her land to snag a house in town. Really sparing no expense."
"She's got a place in
Beaconsfield-why would she care about town? Probably just wants some fresh air here, maybe a vacation. Rich folks do love their mountain villas." 
With so many hands on deck, her house was coming together quickly, complete with a courtyard and a newly cleared well with sweet water. In under a week, the kitchen was up and running. en FindNovel
Emma stocked up on rice, spices, and essentials from town, planning to source fresh veggies from the villagers. Seeing
s. Seeing her newfound
wealth everyone was eager to match her up with their sons, hoping she'd take a liking to one. 
The once-overlooked 'tomboy' had turned into the village's hottest catch.
"I'm already married. My husband's in Beaconsfield," she told them.
Her marriage news sent them away, but the rumor mill spun fast, and soon everyone knew Emma had tied the knot with a wealthy man in Beaconsfield.
Emma let them gossip; the wilder the rumors, the less she'd be pestered.
Three days passed before Emma saw Dustin's message. Being back, she'd fallen out of the habit of checking her phone. The message now seemed unnecessary to respond to. Still, she couldn't bring herself to block Dustin.
She just couldn't let him go.
So, here she was, dealing with the consequences she'd brought upon herself.
###Chapter 1513
At her new home, Emma's first meal was a simple stir-fry of fresh green veggies, courtesy of the local villagers' farms. The freshness alone made her feel quite content. Once she was done eating, she grabbed a scythe and headed up the hill to gather herbs, settling into her role as the village's humble healer. After returning with a basket brimming with herbs, she decided to buy up all the nearby vegetable plots with her earnings, securing her future supply of food and drink. The villagers who missed out on selling their land at a high price were left regretting their decision. Emma then ventured into town and bought a few sheep, ten chicks, and two pigs. She transformed her compound into a beautiful haven, complete with blooming flowers, attracting the attention of local officials who visited multiple times, admiring her place and comparing it to a holiday resort.
Living self-sufficiently, Emma found her life fulfilling. However, since she resumed her herb-gathering, some folks who initially wanted her medical advice grew hesitant. Perhaps, they thought, herb collecting was just a hobby for her now that she had money, and it didn't mean she was still offering treatments. Plus, there was the gossip from the past when no one would have guessed she'd end up owning a house in Beaconsfield.
Yet Emma was gracious, tending to anyone who came by, accepting a basket of eggs as payment for her services. Two days later, Dustin sent her a message with no words, just a photo. It showed Jaime and Heather sleeping side by side, their hands touching, wrapped in a moment of serene beauty. Emma found herself looking at it twice, tempted to respond but eventually setting her phone down without typing a word.
Every couple of days, Dustin would send another picture. Even without visiting the kids, Emma could see them growing day by day. A year flew by-from the days the kids could only roll over to when they started crawling and speaking. But Emma stopped checking her phone, almost like she was avoiding it.
She took on a hill in the village, planting it full of herbs. The village head even approached her about leading the villagers in leasing more hills, given the fertile soil and water, potentially turning the area into a major herb supplier. So, a year ago, Emma began working with the industrious villagers. Every hill covered in woods became a canvas for her herbs.
During this time, she dealt with gossiping women and opportunistic men looking for money, all of whom were swiftly shown the door by the village head. While the village buzzed with curiosity about Emma's mysterious husband, wondering why she hadn't returned to Beaconsfield in a year, Emma would simply say she'd go back when she felt homesick.
"Did you have the baby you were expecting?"
"Yes, twins-a boy and a girl."
"Wow, twins! No one in our village has had twins before."
"Is their father that guy who visited our village, like a dream?"
Emma paused, then nodded. "Yes, him. I went to Beaconsfield to find him."
"With that demeanor, he must be loaded."
"He is. He could probably buy the whole town."
"Emma, you're so lucky to be married to such a man."
Emma seemed to play along with the gossip, but she was just humoring them. After finishing planting the remaining land, she was about to head down the hill with her basket when someone sprinted up, panting. , FindNovel
s won
"Emma, you've got to come back, someone's looking for you."
Assuming it was a medical emergency, Emma was about to ask for details when the person blurted out, "Your husband's here!!"
Emma froze, almost stumbling. The messenger, thinking she was in disbelief, quickly added, "It's that guy who once showed up in our village. He's here with two kids in a luxury car. The college kids say that car's worth over a million. The village head told me to get you right away." 
Emma's heart skipped a beat, suddenly hesitant to return. She wanted to stay hidden in her own little world. Why would Dustin come here?
As the person urged her to hurry, Emma stood rooted, until they gave her a gentle push. "Come on, get moving, what are you waiting for?"
Emma opened her mouth to speak, but seeing the other women who were also herb-gathering now gathered around, eyes filled with curiosity, she hesitated. "Come on, let's go see this man!"
While Emma hesitated, the other
women were already descending the
hill. Emma was the last to leave.
Over the past six months, she had drifted away from using her phone, embracing her old way of life, never imagining Dustin would show up again. 
###Chapter 1514
Did he really forget about this place ages ago? Thinking it over, it made sense. With his kind of money, digging up someone's info is probably a breeze. Emma's garden sprawled across a spacious 2000 square feet, bursting with the season's blossoms. It was that magical The garden buzzed with locals, the community leader sitting across from Dustin, looking a bit jittery as he glanced around. Flanking Dustin were two kids, each a mirror image of him. Jaime had those charming, puppy-dog eyes that hinted he'd be a future heartbreaker, clearly taking after Dustin. Heather, on the other hand, was a perfect mix of both parents, with her fair skin and neatly tied pigtail buns, sitting quietly like the little darling she was.
time when spring flirted with summer, and the air was thick with the fragrance of flowers.
The villagers were gathered around, completely captivated. "Can't deny it, that kid's the spitting image of Emma." "Ever since we got cable last year, have you seen those fashion channels? All those models overseas, they've got Emma's look-sharp features, even skin tone." "Guess we just didn't know what we had, huh?" "Both kids are Emma's? What did she eat during her pregnancy? They're absolutely glowing."
By the time Emma made her way outside, the crowd had grown, blocking her path entirely. Jaime's eyes brightened when he spotted her in the crowd, and in his excitement, he tried to leap off his stool. Being small and in a rush, he took a tumble, and tears flowed immediately. Seeing her brother cry, Heather's eyes welled up too, her mouth quivering on the brink of a sob.
Dustin put down his tea cup, "No crying." At his command, Jaime stifled his sobs, shakily getting back on his feet. Heather, with great effort, swallowed her tears. Both kids were exceptionally adorable.
Standing there, Emma felt an overwhelming urge to flee. She couldn't grasp why Dustin was here. His presence didn't bring joy but rather a sense of dread. It felt like meeting Dustin meant losing something. She couldn't bear to lose anything more.
Dustin, too, spotted Emma amidst the crowd. She looked healthier and more confident than she ever did as a broadcaster. It hit him that the stunning leopard was indeed better suited for the wild. He regretted not cherishing her, letting her get hurt, and then retreat back to her sanctuary.
"Emma." He called out her name but
за
stayed put. The kids immediately rushed to Emma, each grabbing onto one of her legs. "Mommy! Mommy The community leader, bit more educated than the average villager and less interested in gossip, grasped the situation. Emma hadn't returned to the village for a year, likely due to some discord with Mr. Lynch. Now, with Mr. Lynch's arrival, it seemed he was here to take her back to Beaconsfield.
He quickly urged the onlookers to disperse, leaving just the two adults and their little ones. Emma felt as if she'd been frozen in place. With a child clinging to each leg, she dared not move, fearing she might hurt them. Her initial months in the countryside had been a blur, blindly following the community leader's instructions without a thought of her own, eager to rush through the rest of her days.
The following months saw her waking up, haunted by dreams of Peyton, which kept her mood low. Recently, she'd started to adjust but dared not touch that old phone again. She hadn't realized how much the kids had grown, now even capable of speech. Suddenly, facing everything felt overwhelming, and she was unsure how to react.
From a distance, she saw that Dustin had taken good care of the kids; they looked healthy and happy. It must have been tough for him, all alone this past year. Emma had initially sought refuge here, adopting an ostrich's approach to escape her troubles.
Dustin stood still for a moment
before stepping closer, wanting to
hold her but hesitant to reach out. Their moments of intimacy had been few and far between. Half year age, he'd finally remembered their night together in that cave, how passionately he'd felt. And yet, he'd cruelly forgotten, leaving her to fend for herself in Beaconsfield.
Thankfully, he'd launched her career, but at the cost of exposing her to endless gossip. 
Dustin's visit was the result of lengthy contemplation, encouraged by Brielle's persuasion that if he didn't act now, Emma might move on and find someone else in the village. Jaime and Heather's constant inquiries about their mommy revealed to Dustin a vulnerability he hadn't known he possessed.
Emma, with her eyes downcast in
front of the children, couldn't bring herself to address Mr. Lynch. Instead, she asked, "What are you doing here?" Dustin felt a pang of sorrow, taking Jaime by one hand and Heather by the other. "Thought we'd come see you," he said, using the kids as a pretext while his gaze lingered on her face. He wanted to seize the moment, to take in every detail of her face. 
###Chapter 1515
Jamie and Heather held onto his hand, their little faces turned up towards Emma, eyes filled with eager anticipation. They were so irresistibly adorable, their gaze could melt even the coldest heart. Emma opened her mouth but couldn't bring herself to say anything harsh in
front of the children. She even wondered if Dustin had brought them on purpose.
Jamie looked at her, blinking with a hint of caution. "Mommy?" Emma's heart clenched, and she quickly crouched down, her eyes flitting back and forth between the two kids. "You've grown so much, and you're both so beautiful."
Seeing that she wasn't upset, the kids broke into big smiles. Jamie and Heather were now just over a year old and, thanks to good nutrition, they seemed to be developing faster than most, walking steadily without a wobble. Their speech wasn't quite fluent yet, but the word "Mommy" came out clear and strong, showing they'd been practicing at home.
Emma didn't really want to talk to Dustin, unsure of what to say, so she stood up. "I'll start dinner." Dustin quickly bent down to scoop up each child, placing them back on their chairs. "You rest, I'll cook."
Emma remembered Dustin's knack for cooking. He hurried into the kitchen, noticing how much the place had changed since his last visit. The house had been rebuilt beautifully, like a little slice of paradise. The fridge was stocked with fresh produce, and there was even a freshly prepared chicken, showing Emma had been taking good care of herself.
He washed his hands and got to work on the meal. The kids sat in their chairs, cheerfully calling out, "Mommy, mommy." Emma smiled, gently tousling their hair.
Two hours later, Dustin served up a meal of four dishes and a soup. The familiar aroma washed over Emma, stirring up memories from the depths of her mind. Keeping the kids in mind, Dustin had finely chopped everything and arranged the plates beautifully. The soup was thick, and he'd even made pancakes just for the kids. After serving them, he filled Emma's plate. "Emma, let's eat." 
Emma lowered her lashes and quietly picked up her fork. Throughout the meal, Dustin was busy wiping the kids' mouths and gently reminding them not to be picky eaters. Emma sat there, realizing she knew little beyond nursing them. Barely touching her food, she went to wash the dishes.
Dustin tried to persuade her to sit down, but Emma insisted, making further discussion pointless. "Where's the bathroom? I'll give Jamie a bath," he asked. Emma pointed towards the bathroom, which was thankfully equipped with a bathtub.
Dustin filled it with warm water and placed Jamie inside. Jamie, with his long eyelashes, playfully splashed the water, giggling. Dustin's clothes got soaked, but he couldn't resist pinching Jamie's cheek. "No splashing, let's get you all cleaned up."
When Emma entered, Dustin had
somehow found a little hat for Jamie, keeping shampoo suds out of his eyes, it seemed he came prepared. The bathroom was spacious, with an extra stool. Emma wanted to help but felt awkward. She held Jamie's hand, and he smiled at her, his long eyelashes making him look like a cherub. 
The child's skin was soft, slippery like an eel in Emma's grasp, but Dustin held him securely, gently drying him off. Jamie laughed, bare-bottomed in Dustin's arms, and Emma noticed Dustin's pants were almost soaked through. Dustin lightly tapped Jamie's bottom, and Jamie looked up, accidentally tugging at his "little buddy." Dustin
quickly caught his hand, "Careful, or
you'll regret it when you're older."
He carried Jamie to Emma's bedroom, placing him on the bed where Jamie rolled around happily. "Daddy, daddy." "Stay here for a bit, I'll take your sister for her bath." Jamie obediently nodded, "Okay."
###Chapter 1516
Dustin scooped up Heather, who had just managed to spill a bit on her bib during dinner. He'd already tidied up and refilled the bathtub with fresh water.
Emma watched him handle everything so effortlessly, feeling utterly clueless about how she could help. She didn't even know where to start.
Seeing Dustin's pants were soaked, she quickly offered to take Heather off his hands. "Let me do it. Go change your pants."
"Heather's a bit calmer than Jaime. Jaime's a handful, but Heather just sits quietly during bath time," Dustin commented as he placed Heather in the bathtub. True to form, she didn't splash around but remained calm and gentle.
It seemed like a child's personality really does start forming from an early age. Heather's eyes, so much like Emma's, twinkled as she flashed an adorable, incomplete smile. Emma's heart melted, and she eagerly took over. "Let me. Go change."
Thinking of how well-behaved Heather was, Dustin stood up to unpack a change of clothes from his suitcase. Meanwhile, Emma was bathing Heather and found her slippery skin hard to manage. In a moment of carelessness, Heather's head bumped against the edge of the tub.
Thankfully, it wasn't a sharp edge, but Heather's bottom lip quivered, and she started crying immediately. Emma panicked, trying to wipe Heather's eyes with her soapy hands, nearly getting soap in her eyes.
In a frantic move, she grabbed some makeup remover pads lying nearby, wiping the suds off Heather's face. Heather kept crying, and Dustin walked in with purposeful strides. "Sweetheart, what's wrong?"
Toddlers, barely understanding the world, express pain through tears. Dustin cleaned her up and cradled her, "Shh, daddy's here, it'll be all right." Heather's cries subsided, and Dustin breathed a sigh of relief. But when he turned around, he found Emma in tears. The little one was soothed, but now the big one had started crying.
Dustin, adept at calming his two little ones, was at a loss on how to comfort Emma. Heather, now asleep in his arms, left him with just one option. He gently wiped Emma's cheeks with a tissue. Emma's tears flowed even more freely, turning into choked sobs. Dustin had brought the kids, hoping Emma would reconsider, but he didn't want her to feel guilty. The past was complicated, with no clear blame. Emma had endured much pain.
Emma, trying to stay quiet for the sleeping child, turned away, silently waving Dustin off. Having survived a dangerous childbirth and mourning her mother's death shortly after she had longed to return to her simpler life, even if it meant marrying a less-than-ideal partner from her past. She yearned for her mother's
return. 
Now, confronted with her children's cries, she realized her shortcomings as a mother. Even a simple bath could go wrong, witnessing their dependence on Dustin twisted a knife in her heart, but she felt it was a punishment she deserved. In the bathroom, Emma wept silently, feeling a chill throughout her body.
Suddenly, a pair of arms enveloped her from behind. Dustin's embrace was warm. "Emma," he whispered, "I'm sorry. Maybe it would've been better if you never met me."
Emma stiffened, haunted by
thoughts of what could have been. She remembered her desperate escape from her village. Fate
continually forced her to make.
choices, all ultimately her own
Dustin simply held her, offering comfort without expectation. For two adults with children, love was a matter of wisdom, not just youthful passion. 
Had she never met Dustin, perhaps her discontent with life would have persisted. She managed a weak smile, thinking it should be Dustin who wished never to have met her. Though the sentiment was
The Beet
same, the impact differed. Dustin, a man meant to live freely, was grounded by her presence, forced to consider life's other facets. He could have continued his carefree, affluent life. 
Now, they were both confined by their choices and responsibilities as parents. Dustin held her close, his chin resting on her head. "Emma, let's try to get some sleep."
But how could Emma sleep? Numbly, she finished bathing, changed into her nightgown, and saw Dustin emerging from another bathroom. Their intimate moments were rare, overshadowed by the challenges of parenthood and the brief times of closeness after childbirth, and that one tangled night.
Emma felt uneasy. Dustin, too, seemed awkward, his tall frame making the small space feel even more cramped.
###Chapter 1517
He averted his eyes from her, trying to find the right words.
"I get it. You're not all that into me, and you're not gonna settle just for the kids. How about we just say I came to check on you and the kids, and we acknowledge our situation publicly? Does that work for you?"
He was hoping to stop the media from spinning tales about him and the kids.
Emma nodded and quickly headed back to her bed. It was big, but squeezing four people in was still a bit tight.
"I'll set up the guest room for you," she offered.
But Dustin pointed to a makeshift bed he'd already laid out on the floor. Emma was taken aback, unsure how he'd managed to dig up a blanket, especially since there was only one. It wasn't cold, but the floor was no place for a comfy night's sleep. So, she fetched a few extra quilts from the closet to soften it up.
Dustin settled in, pulling Jaime close. "Jaime's a wiggler, always kicking the covers off. I don't want you and Heather catching a chill." Jaime snuggled in and was out like a light. Heather, on the other hand, was perfectly still, even in her sleep.
Emma nodded, turned off the light, but couldn't sleep. Her daughter's gentle breathing filled the room. It had been a year since she'd heard such comforting sounds in her bedroom. She couldn't help but turn slightly, trying to catch a glimpse of Heather sleeping. But the rural setting was dark, lit only by the soft glow of the moon, making it hard to see clearly.
As she blinked into the darkness, she heard Dustin's voice.
"Can't sleep? Want me to bring Heather down here?"
She heard movement as he got up to pick Heather up. Emma wanted to stop him, but he was already on his feet, bending over with Heather in his arms. She grabbed his wrist to say it was fine, but her grip caused him to tip towards her.
To avoid falling on the child, his
hand landed on something soft. He looked up, startled, realizing his hand had landed on Emma's chest, Their eyes met in the dim light for a brief moment before he quickly withdrew his hand, and Emma awkwardly covered herself with the blanket. Heather, nestled between them, continued to sleep soundly, blissfully unaware of the awkwardness. 
Emma broke the silence first. "Let Heather stay on the bed. It's not her that's keeping me up." Dustin nodded, "Okay."
They both returned to their spots, but now it was Dustin who found himself wide awake. Maybe it was the nighttime setting that stirred up old feelings, but his mind kept going back to that night, despite the fever, it remained crystal clear. He was no stranger to these situations, but Emma's hesitance was both endearing and frustrating. He sighed, his breathing a bit uneven. Sleepless, he got up and started making breakfast. 
When the village chief showed up in the morning, he was shocked to see Dustin cooking.
"Mr. Lynch, where's Emma?"
"She's still sleeping. If it's not urgent, it can wait till later."
The village chief had no choice but to bide his time in the living room, his mouth watering from the delicious smells wafting from the kitchen. By the time Emma finally woke up, the village chief had swallowed hard at least twenty times.
"Emma, the herb garden needs your
keen eye. The buyers from town are coming this afternoon, but I can handle that.. I'll go around and collect the data, no worries there. But for the actual herb growing, we really need your expertise. We all talked and decided to give you the hundred square meters of land in front of your house. It's from the herb profits, a little thank you from everyone." 
Despite the village's old-fashioned ways, everyone loved making money. Emma's knack for herb farming had everyone on board, and it paid off season after season. Together with the village chief, Emma turned their village into a hub for herbs. Her vast knowledge meant she could pick out the most lucrative and easiest herbs to grow. Once, Emma had looked down on her closed-off, old-school hometown. But after seeing the world, she realized true wisdom and vision weren't about running away but making a change where you are. If only she'd realized that sooner.
###Chapter 1518
The village coordinator had just left after delivering his message. Dustin had considered inviting him to stay for a meal, but the guy seemed so jittery, he probably wouldn't have been able to relax even if he stayed.
The family of four took their sweet time finishing breakfast. Emma headed out to run some errands, leaving Dustin at home with the kids. He'd come prepared with a ton of toys this time, clearly planning to stick around for more than just a couple of days. By the time Emma returned at noon, Dustin had lunch ready. It gave her this funny feeling, like she was the one handling things outside while Dustin was holding down the fort at home.
They carried on like this, living in peaceful harmony for about two weeks. Since Emma took over directing the village's herb farming, she'd been swamped with work. One day, while she was out setting up a new farming area with some of the villagers, a snake bit her. And it was a poisonous one.
The villagers rushed her back home, shouting for help. "Mr. Lynch, Emma's been bitten by a snake, and it's poisonous!" By now, Emma's wound had turned a nasty shade of purple, a sign that the venom was spreading. Dustin was shocked but quickly remembered the old trick of sucking out the poison. He pressed his lips against Emma's knee, trying to draw it out.
Meanwhile, the villagers had fetched a local doctor from the neighboring village. After getting a description of the snake, the doctor left some medicine and noticed Dustin's swollen mouth from the venom. "Young man, you better take some of this medicine too, or that swelling won't go down for a week."
Jaime and Heather were sitting nearby, giggling. "Daddy, your lips are so puffy," they teased. Dustin, knowing he looked ridiculous, could only roll his eyes and sigh.
When Emma woke up and saw Dustin's condition, she was taken aback. After the villagers explained what happened, she fell into a thoughtful silence. Her feelings for Dustin had always been a tangled mess. She'd been interested in him initially, but after seeing his entanglements with another woman, she backed off. Then came a phase of self-doubt, where she decided to nip her budding feelings for him in the bud. Plus, the whole situation with Peyton was like a thorn in her side. She managed to coexist peacefully with Dustin, mostly for the sake of the kids. 
She opened her mouth to speak but found herself at a loss for words. Around Dustin, she often felt tongue-tied Dustin noticed this, feeling like something was stabbing at his heart, leaving an unbearable ache. Emma, are you hungry? I go make some food," he offered. It had become his go-to phrase over the past weeks. Whenever things got awkward, he'd suggest cooking, trying to ease the tension between them. But he knew that wasn't a long-term fix. 
Emma realized they couldn't keep avoiding the issue, so she finally spoke up. "Dustin, we need to talk." Dustin tensed up, dreading what might come next. He feared she might say, "When are you leaving? Your presence here has really been a bother." That would be too much for him to handle.
So, he took the ostrich approach,
saying, "Let's talk about it after
dinner." But Emma was determined. "Dustin, I know this is selfish, but which child do you like more?" As a mother, she felt she should share the responsibilities of raising their children. Dustin had had a tough year; moving forward, she intended to take one child, leaving the other with Dustin. Her energy only allowed for taking care of one child, and Dustin could have the other.
Dustin was speechless, feeling as if something was lodged in his throat, the pain almost unbearable. "Can't we all just stay together?" he asked tentatively. After speaking, his eyes, warm and pleading, met Emma's.
###Chapter 1519
Emma didn't respond, letting the silence hang between them like a final curtain, saving a bit of dignity in the awkwardness. Dustin felt like someone had punched a hole right through his chest. Their relationship was odd-never fiery or passionate but leaving her hurt
more than any breakup he'd been through.
Dustin had always been a bit of a wanderer, thinking he was immune to the heartache of splitting up. But parting from Emma was a different kind of pain. It wasn't a sharp, stabbing anguish but more like a thin wire slowly tightening around his heart, squeezing the life out of him bit by bit. This pain was subtle and persistent, like a cough that just wouldn't quit. Not deadly, but irritating enough to drive anyone mad.
Emma gave him a small, knowing smile. "Let's start fresh tomorrow. Everyone's been too curious about you, and it's slowing things down."
Over the past year, Emma had grown, learning to face him with a calmness she'd never had before. In that moment, Dustin saw just how much she'd changed, how much she'd matured. Both he and life had pushed her to grow. Dustin lowered his gaze, his usually slick words caught in a chokehold. He forced a smile and simply said, "Okay."
That single word felt like a needle piercing Emma's heart.
They finished their meal in silence. Later, as Dustin showered, the house stayed hushed. Emma had already bathed and was lying in bed, Heather asleep beside her.
When the bathroom door opened, the scent of soap filled the room. Emma tensed, pretending to be asleep. She felt the mattress dip as he sat down beside her. Her heart raced at the thought he might want to stay the night. But Dustin just took her hand gently, like he used to.
Neither of them spoke. It was as if they were right back to those early days after their child was born, when he'd hold her hand through the night to keep her from scratching her stitches.
Their relationship was never about fireworks and drama; it was built on moments and habits. Now, those old memories came flooding back, tearing at her heart.
Silent tears streamed down Emma's face, her fingertips curling slightly, but Dustin held her hand firmly.
Finally, Dustin spoke, "I'll leave Heather with you. She's easy to care for and really well-behaved."
Sensing she was awake, he slowly let go of her hand. "Jaime's a bit of a handful, especially with his teenage years coming up. I'll take him fo Beaconsfield, and after that, maybe back to North America." 
North America might as well have been another planet, so far away from Beaconsfield.
Emma stayed quiet, feeling like she couldn't breathe. Dustin added, "Jaime might miss his sister. Let's try to video call sometimes, whenever it works for you." After he said that, he went quiet, afraid of pushing her even further away.
After what felt like forever, Emma simply said, "Okay."
Neither of them slept that night, just stared at the ceiling, lost in thought. Dustin felt a powerful urge to ask her to reconsider, to imagine a life together, all four of them. But he didn't dare. 
He understood all too well what Emma had lost. He closed his eyes, a bitter smile tugging at his lips.
He spent the night restless, dark
circles showing his sleeplessness. Yet, early in the morning, he got up and busied himself in the kitchen He prepared a month's worth of dumplings, making sure she had something to eat when he was gone. 
Knowing Emma sometimes skipped cooking for herself, he worried. Once the freezer was packed, he set the table for breakfast and called Emma to join him. They both avoided mentioning the telltale signs of exhaustion on each other's faces.
"Emma, breakfast is ready. After we eat, Jaime and I will head out."
###Chapter 1520
Emma opened her mouth, then slowly closed it again, settling into a silence that lingered around the dinner table. The kids, blissfully unaware of the tension hanging in the air, continued to eat at their usual unhurried pace.
garden and barely spent more than three hours at home each day, excluding sleep.
After dinner, Dustin volunteered to do the dishes. Emma stood at the kitchen doorway, feeling a pang of inadequacy. For the past two weeks, Dustin had been the one cooking, cleaning, and looking after the kids. Meanwhile, she was caught up with managing the herbal Watching Dustin's back as he washed up, Emma felt the urge to speak. "Did you have trouble sleeping last night?" she asked.
Dustin stiffened slightly, still facing away, and simply nodded. "Yeah."
How could he have slept well? He had considered the possibility that Emma wouldn't leave with him, but facing that reality was a bitter pill to swallow.
Emma thought about suggesting he stay another night for safety's sake, but what would that solve? They'd both be avoiding the inevitable.
Her eyes welled up, and she turned away, saying, "Why don't you rest for a couple of hours before you go? Jaime's asleep, and I need to dry some herbs in the yard."
Dustin remained silent for a while before managing a quiet, "No need." After tidying up, he went to pack. His presence was troubling for her, so why drag it out?
In truth, he wasn't afraid of the heartache. This past year had been spent mostly reflecting and regretting his choices.
Dustin had always imagined marrying someone with whom he'd share a fiery, passionate love. But the woman he truly wanted to marry inspired feelings that were steady and calm, unlike the whirlwind romance he had envisioned. Unfortunately, time had played its cruel tricks.
He hadn't brought much with him, choosing to leave some of Heather's things behind. He buckled Jaime into the passenger seat, securing the seatbelt. Jaime, unaware of the finality of their departure, grinned up at him.
Taking one last glance at Emma, busy with the herbs in the yard, Dustin announced, "I'm leaving now."
Emma, still turned away, continued spreading the herbs, simply nodding. "Goodbye, Dustin."
Dustin considered giving her a hug but stopped himself, knowing it would only make her uncomfortable since she didn't love him.
He got into the car and drove away. Emma listened as the car engine faded into the distance, keeping her focus on the herbs. Soon, the sound was completely gone.
She felt like a part of her had
vanished too, staring at the spot where the car disappeared, watching the dust settle back onto the road. After awhile, she shook herself from her thoughts and went inside to
check on Heather. 
Heather was still asleep, her cheeks rosy with warmth. Emma kissed her daughter's cheek, contemplating a quick nap for herself.
But just half an hour later, as she finished her shower, someone burst in with urgency.
"It's bad, Emma! Mr. Lynch's car collided with a bus coming into town!"
Emma froze, mid-movement, and abandoned her shoes, sprinting barefoot toward the town. The stones underfoot cut into her skin, but she didn't register the pain. 
It was like the night she carried her mother's ashes home, feeling nothing but sheer panic.
After what felt like an eternity, she reached the scene, seeing the smoking wreck and a crowd of onlookers.
Emma's world seemed to crumble as she pushed through the crowd to see the mangled car, her mind buzzing with dread. Then she heard a voice call her name.
"Emma?"
It was Dustin, holding Jaime, whose eyelashes were still wet with tears.
That voice brought Emma back to reality. She turned, almost in disbelief, to see him standing there his clothes disheveled, likely from shielding Jaime. Dustin had some blood on his sleeve, but Jaime was unharmed. 
Emma, trembling, approached him, checking his sleeve and him for injuries. When she was sure he was mostly okay, she collapsed into tears.
###Chapter 1521
Sobbing uncontrollably, she clung to Dustin's arm, unable to form a single word. It felt like life was playing another cruel joke on her with the threat of a car accident. Dustin, initially as stiff as a statue, gradually softened with each of her cries, his heart aching as if it might shatter. It seemed like all the grief Emma had bottled up because of Peyton was finally bursting free.
She despised car accidents.
Dustin wrapped his free arm around her. Little Jaime, wide-eyed, tried to wipe her tears with his tiny hands. "Mommy, don't cry, please," he whispered, but her tears only flowed faster, like a faucet gone haywire.
Onlookers were moved by her distress, having never seen Emma like this before. The local leader was already discussing compensation, but Dustin wasn't interested in sticking around. He led Emma away, her hand in his, tears still streaming down her face. They passed several curious villagers on their way, each one asking, "What happened to Emma?" or "Why's Emma crying?" and "Mr. Lynch, did you upset her?"
With each encounter, Dustin patiently explained, "She just got some dust in her eyes."
Noticing Emma was barefoot, with her feet scraped and bleeding, he frowned and quickly knelt down, offering, "Hop on, I'll carry you."
Even as she lay on his back, her sobs continued. Dustin set Jaime down, grateful that he walked more steadily than most kids his age. The walk home was slow, feeling endless, with Emma's tears soaking a large patch of Dustin's suit.
Eventually, she stopped crying and noticed the beautiful mountains in the distance. "Let's go to Beaconsfield together," she suggested.
Dustin stiffened, caught off guard. Emma sniffled and added, "Just thinking about you and Jaime being hurt makes me feel like I'd rather not go on."
Dustin, typically the stoic one in the Lynch family, found himself at a loss for words as tears welled up in his eyes.
The road home felt longer than ever, like it spanned their entire lives, lined with flowers and greenery, as their little family moved slowly towards an imagined beautiful ending. 
"Alright, we'll go to North America," he finally agreed when they reached home.
Emma nodded, composed once more, but but couldn't resist adding,
Gan't keep in touch "But
es girlfriends." Content beko et
Dustin froze, then quickly raised his hand as if to swear, "If I speak a single word to them, I'll—"
Before he could finish, Emma playfully slapped his hand down. "Just say it, no need for oaths."
She doubted the sincerity of a reformed playboy's promises, picturing even the heavens growing tired of such vows.
Dustin quickly took her hand, kissing it gently, "I mean it, I won't contact them again."
Emma lowered her lashes, "And if you ever have a child out of wedlock..."
"Emma, the Lynch family has always been about marriage and doing things right—no secret children, Dustin reassured her, though the mention of Clare darkened his expression. 
"I've never made anyone terminate a pregnancy. I've always been careful," he clarified.
Emma fell silent, realizing she might have been misled in the past.
###Chapter 1522
She opened her mouth as if to speak, then thought better of it and pressed her lips together. After getting everything packed, she started giving instructions to the village leaders. Over the past year, she'd taken on the task of cultivating medicinal herbs here, and by now,
her efforts had really started to pay off. The villagers who worked alongside her should be able to recognize the herbs they'd been growing.
"If you ever have any questions, just snap a picture and send it my way. I'll help you out remotely," she assured them.
Emma had made such a huge impact on the village over the past year. Every home had been renovated, incomes had skyrocketed, and tourists were coming just for the herbal picking experience. They could even start developing tourism!
The whole village came out to send off Emma and her family at the village entrance, with promises to take care of the shared courtyard and to eagerly await her return. Emma never imagined she'd become so important to this community. On the drive back, Dustin was extra careful. The accident the day before was a reminder of how tricky those winding country roads could be. Once they reached Beaconsfield safely, he quickly let Brielle know.
Brielle, hearing they'd made it back, rushed over with gifts. But Dustin mentioned he was heading back to North America soon.
Seeing Brielle, Jaime and Heather couldn't contain their excitement. "Auntie, we missed you!" they shouted. "Auntie, love you!" Their sweetness was off the charts.
Brielle gave each of them a kiss. "Don't worry, Auntie will come visit you in North America."
Jaime and Heather beamed with joy, their smiles lighting up the room. Dustin arranged their flight back to North America for a week later, keeping his parents in the loop.
With Emma spending the year in the countryside, every time Dustin called home, his father Raymond would grumble about him being an "ungrateful son." But the moment Jaime or Heather got on the phone, his tone would change completely. "Oh, my dear grandson."
"Oh, my dear granddaughter, grandpa misses you so much."
Now, hearing that Dustin was bringing Emma back, Raymond could hardly contain his happiness. "Great! The villas you bought can be your family home. Just the four of you living there, and we'll visit sometimes. If you and Emma want to travel, just leave the kids with us." Dustin felt a wave of emotion wash over him.
That night, after Emma bathed, she
spent some time playing with
Heather in bed. While Dustin was
sin
eline
the shower, both kids fell asleep. When he came out, he gently scooped Emma into his arms planning to take her to the next room. 
Emma, taken by surprise, tried to resist, but Dustin laid her softly on the guest bed, switched off the lights, and guided her hand to him. "If I hold back any longer, I might just break," he murmured.
Emma was mortified, wishing she could just detach her hands. But his pleading tone made her relent.
They'd only been intimate once
before, so Emma felt a bit out of her
league. But there was no denying
it-Dustin had a knack for making her feel good, and despite her initial nerves, she ended up enjoying
herself. 
In the days leading up to their departure for North America, Dustin couldn't seem to get enough of her.
On the plane, Emma stared out at the sky, lost in thought. Dustin took her hand. "If you ever miss our countryside retreat, we can always go back." Emma smiled, looking at the peacefully sleeping Jaime and Heather. "Once a year sounds good, but I want to be there for the kids."
After missing out for a whole year, she wanted to focus on being with them.
Dustin wrapped an arm around her, planting a kiss on her cheek. "Emma, thank you."
He was so grateful for their reconciliation; without it, he wouldn't have known what to do. Emma held all the cards; Dustin was simply along for the ride.
He'd made mistakes, and he'd been paying the price. Emma's decision to give him another chance was something he hadn't dared to hope for.
Thinking back to that moment when Emma, crying on a dusty country road, had stormed back into his heart like a force of nature, he felt as though she'd left an indelible mark on his soul.
If he could wish for anything, it would be that time would always be good to Emma and to the Lynch family.
###Chapter 1523
latest film swept every national award, leaving her practically drowning in trophies.
Aubree's career has been skyrocketing lately, making her the most followed female celebrity on Twitter. Even those who've been in the game a lot longer can only admire her success from a distance. She's like the female Keiran-everything she touches turns to gold. Her
But here's the kicker: despite getting three Oscar nods, she hasn't snagged the Best Actress award yet. Sure, three nominations are a big deal back home, but Aubree can't shake the feeling of not winning. She loves acting and losing herself in roles. Every director raves about her talent, but the Oscar? Still out of reach.
After binge-watching her own films, Aubree was still stumped about why she hadn't won. She spent a week at home, legs crossed, watching her movies on repeat, steering clear of people. With a month off, she skipped all the shows and events, even though her fans on Twitter were practically begging her to make an appearance. Since coming back from an international awards gig, she's been holed up at home.
Every day, someone knocks on her door, and she knows who it is. Sometimes, when she's feeling down, she waits before opening it. After ten minutes, she'd find a beautifully arranged meal waiting outside. She doesn't want to owe Andrew anything, but his quiet gestures make her feel uncomfortably grateful. She's been trying to draw a line between them, but his persistence makes it hard to cut ties completely. Feeling lonely but resisting his presence, Aubree decided it was time to chase a new role after devouring her movie collection.
This time, she wanted to break away from Stellar Stage Entertainment and network with different directors herself. There was buzz about a big-time director, Casey, auditioning for a lead actress. His name was all over the industry. Casey, a seasoned pro, had his own successful company, second only to Stellar Stage. He was in his sixties, with just one son to pass the company onto.
Aubree's agent scored her an
audition, and she got the address quickly-it was in a high-rise. As she headed out, she bumped into Andrew looking sharp in his suit for a work meeting. "Aubree," he said, lighting up as he moved closer, but then he hesitated. She gave him a polite nod and made a beeline for
her car. 
With just a touch of makeup, she knew the script was tightly held by Casey. Nobody knew the role, and she had only fifteen minutes to prep. No second chances if she didn't make the first cut.
When she arrived, the room was packed with actresses waiting for their shot. Aubree, with her star power and three Oscar nominations at just twenty-five, was the biggest deal there. Ignoring the uneasy stares, she sat down and froze, her eyes landing on a girl across from her. It wasn't just any girl she looked eerily like Tessa Rowland, the
woman who'd left a lasting scar on
Aubree's mind. 
As they exchanged glances, the girl gave a polite smile. Her agent whispered behind her, "That's Julia, a newcomer at Casey's company."
"Rowland?" Aubree thought,
connecting her to the
once-prominent Rowland family. But
since Tessa's fall, the Rowlands had
faded away, leaving no trace in Beaconsfield. Aubree shifted her gaze, determined not to let the resemblance mess with her focus. 
###Chapter 1524
Casey was all about fairness when it came to auditioning actresses. It didn't matter if you were a big-name star or just starting out; everyone had to draw a number and wait their turn to perform.
Julia was ahead of Aubree in line, and judging by the grin on her face as she walked out, she must have nailed her audition. Meanwhile, Aubree had been hanging around for three long hours before they finally called her number.
As she stepped inside, Casey handed her the script. Her eyes lit up as she read the synopsis: a gripping story about a female scientist who, despite facing doubt and adversity, climbs to the top of her field. Along the way, her intense dedication causes her to develop a split personality. It was an inspiring tale of female empowerment and the isolation that can accompany personal growth-topics always worth digging into. Casey had clearly picked a winner, aiming for the next big award with this one.
Aubree took a deep breath, ready to dive into her performance, when the sound of footsteps broke her concentration. She glanced over to see a young guy, maybe eighteen or nineteen, whose looks could stop traffic. Casey's stern look melted away the second he saw the kid. "What are you doing here, kiddo? I'm in the middle of auditions," he said, half-chiding.
Matthew, lounging with his phone, looked like he was deep into a game. "Just wanted to see how you run things. Plus, I'm a fan of Aubree. Wanted to catch her audition," he replied, eyes still glued to his screen. Casey gave him a light smack on the head. "You rascal!" he said, though his eyes were full of affection.
Turning back to Aubree, Casey nodded for her to continue. Luckily, she was quick to gather her emotions and started her performance without missing a beat.
The moment she began, Matthew put his phone away and watched her intently.
After she finished, Casey nodded approvingly. "In the world of actresses, your performance is top-tier. We'll be in touch."
"Thank you, Mr. Casey," Aubree said, nodding as she prepared to leave. But then Matthew stood up.
"Aubree," he called, pulling out a pen like he'd planned it all along. "Could I get your autograph?"
Aubree was surprised; she thought he was kidding about being a fan. But seeing his genuine interest, she smiled and took the pen. "Of course."
She signed her name, and then Matthew went for it: "Are you free tonight? How about dinner?"
With Casey right there, and
considering how much she loved the script, Aubree knew she couldn't say no. Plus, Matthew wasn't your
typical spoiled rich kid. He hadeln
air of someone who'd been doted on, but it wasn't off-putting. 
Casey added, "This kid's watched your movies countless times. He's a huge fan."
The way the conversation was heading, refusing wasn't an option without risking her shot. Everyone knew Casey doted on Matthew, his pride and joy. 
"I'm free," she replied.
As they hopped in the elevator, Matthew asked, "Do you have a boyfriend?"
Aubree shook her head, and Matthew grinned. "I just turned eighteen last month."
Thrown off by his question, Aubree smoothly responded, "Should I get Mr. Matthew a belated birthday gift?"
Matthew's eyes brightened with youthful excitement. "Wouldn't that be too much?"
"Not at all. Let's call it a friendship gift."
When they reached the ground floor, Aubree told her agent to head off while she took the wheel. "I've got a restaurant booked. What are you in the mood for, Mr. Matthew? 
"I'm easygoing, not picky at all," he replied.
Aubree chuckled, thinking to herself, boys will be boys.
QUMS
###Chapter 1525
"Alright, I'll pick a spot I visit often. The food's always top-notch there."
Matthew was about to nod but caught a flicker of emotion in her eyes, and a small smile played on his lips.
"How about some karaoke? You were so into your role earlier, you're probably still in character. Belting out a few tunes at a karaoke bar will help. Plus, one of my buddies just opened a new place. It's pretty low-key since it's new. I'll take you there!" He leaned over and punched the address into the GPS.
Aubree didn't , and after a half-hour drive, they arrived.
Matthew's buddy was about his age, not even twenty. His eyebrows shot up in surprise as he saw Matthew walk in with Aubree, then he gave a knowing wink.
For some reason, seeing them made Aubree feel a few years younger. The place was packed with people in their twenties, untouched by the usual weariness of middle age. It was all youth and energy. Matthew led her to one of the private rooms, and his friend had laid out a spread of unusual drinks.
Aubree raised an eyebrow at the unfamiliar bottles.
"I've never seen any of these before."
Matthew eagerly explained, "They're from small countries, each with a unique flavor. My friends and I spent two years traveling the world, collecting them bit by bit. You should give them a try." Two years traveling the world?
That was Aubree's childhood dream, especially during the tough times in Beaconsfield. She always wanted to explore the world.
But when she realized she had fallen for Andrew, those dreams faded away. She just wanted to marry him.
Pouring all your love into one person can be tragic.
So, ending up like this was partly on her.
"Did you ever climb the highest mountain?" Aubree asked curiously.
"Yeah, I did at sixteen," he replied, not boasting, just stating a fact.
A hint of envy crossed Aubree's eyes.
Climbed it at sixteen.
He was only eighteen now, at the prime of his youth. He'd seen the world. How amazing is that?
"I envy you," she admitted, fearing it might kill the mood, but he just asked, "What's there to envy? You're young too."
Aubree chuckled, opened a bottle, and took a swig straight from it.
"I'm twenty-five, seven years older than you."
At eighteen, she didn't even have a proper job. All she thought about was winning Andrew's affection, being good to him. Looking back, she was so naive.
Not naive, really. Andrew's slightest attention was like a ray of light to her, and she was willing to burn herself out like a candle to light his way.
But Andrew never needed the candle's glow when he had the entire sun.
Back then, she didn't realize that all her efforts were only moving herself.
She couldn't hate Andrew. Back then, he simply didn't love her.
But she couldn't accept the Andrew of now either, because she couldn't let go of her past.
"Aubree, the drink you're having is known for its strong kick."
Matthew had a natural confidence, a mix of wealth and experience.
Aubree smiled, "I can hold my liquor, no worries. Aren't we here to sing?"
Matthew grabbed two mics, asking what she wanted to sing.
"Aubree, want to hear 'Drowning'? I can sing it for you."
An eighteen-year-old offering to sing for her?
ve
At that age, Aubree was already set on Andrew, never even noticing other guys. Now, hearing this, she leaned back, feeling a bit tipsy. 
"Sure, Mr. Matthew, go for it."
Matthew adjusted the sound and started singing.
Aubree hadn't heard that song before, but it seemed to quiet the world around her with its melody.
A bit dazed at the end, he asked, "So, what can you sing? I'll set it up for you."
Aubree didn't respond, finally acknowledging the drink's strong aftereffects. "Aubree?"
Matthew called out, then crouched beside her, looking up with curiosity.
The
She was more beautiful in person than on any screen. He'd commercials, always buying whatever she endorsed and gifting them to his friends. 
So, all his friends knew he was an Aubree fan.
"Are you drunk? That drink really packs a punch. I should take you home."
Aubree, a bit fuzzy but aware of her purpose tonight, kept apologizing. "Sorry, Mr. Matthew."
Matthew found it amusing as he
helped her out, grateful he hadn't et
been drinking, so he could drive. 
swnov
Knowing where Aubree lived, he parked outside, helping her out of the car.
Aubree continued to apologize.
"Mr. Matthew, I'm really sorry."
###Chapter 1526
Matthew let out a sigh. "If you're really sorry, just give me a kiss, and all will be forgiven."
Before he could even finish, Aubree had him pinned against the doorframe, kissing him. Matthew's eyes widened at the softness of her lips as her tongue playfully sought entrance. His breath quickened, and he instinctively pulled her closer, deepening the kiss. He wasn't naive; he'd seen his share of the world.
After what felt like an eternity, he finally let her go, only to hear a faint voice behind him. Turning around, he saw a man standing by a car-a mature, charismatic figure who hadn't been there before. He was flicking a cigarette, with several butts scattered at his feet, suggesting he'd been an unnoticed witness to their ten-minute embrace.
Matthew steadied Aubree, watching as the man crushed his cigarette and approached with ease, asking about her purse. "It's in the car," Matthew replied.
Andrew opened the car and found a lady's handbag. He retrieved it, then walked to the door, effortlessly punching in the code. Matthew, noticing his familiarity with the code, frowned. "Who are you?"
Andrew strode closer, taking Aubree under his wing, and said to Matthew, "Just pretend that kiss never happened. She was drunk." His tone implied that it was the alcohol talking, not her heart. Matthew gave him a once-over, a teasing grin on his face. "Uncle, are you her boyfriend?"
Andrew's expression darkened, his eyes narrowing. Unfazed, Matthew casually brushed his lips with his fingertip. "Sorry, but I'll remember that kiss forever-it was my first."
Andrew was twenty-eight, and Matthew only eighteen-a decade between them, yet here they stood, locked in a standoff. Andrew felt a panic he'd never known before. Matthew was so young, and Aubree would meet many great men, each younger and more promising. Could he really afford to wait for her to return to him? If she was ready to move on, what was he waiting for?
Feeling deflated yet maintaining a steady gaze, Andrew replied, "Really? Thinking back to my first kiss with Aubree, that was ten years ago."
Matthew chuckled. "Ten years, huh? Maybe it's time for Aubree to try something new, don't you think, uncle?"
As Andrew guided Aubree to the door, he retorted, "Whether she changes her taste isn't your call."
Matthew paused, then added, "I'll be inviting Aubree out for dinner, shopping, movies-you know, young people stuff. You seem busy and not too into these activities, so I won't bother inviting you. Just let her know when she wakes up."
With that, he waved casually, "See you around." Matthew, worldly and confident, was fearless no matter who he faced.
Andrew didn't respond, simply
guiding Aubree inside. In the past, if she drank too much, her female manager would bring her home. Now, a stranger had filled that role. Andrew sensed a crisis he'd never felt before. He laid Aubree on the couch and, without hesitation, kissed her deeply, wanting to erase any trace of another man. 
He pressed her down, kissing her until she gasped for air, then finally let her go. Aubree, uncomfortable, rubbed her forehead, slowly regaining some clarity. Realizing she was in her own room with Andrew beside her, she touched her Sore lips. Relieved it wasn't darkness she woke up to, she heard Andrew ask, "Who's that young man?"
Aubree frowned, recalling she was supposed to sing with Matthew. "Matthew, Mr. Casey's son, apparently a fan of mine." She smiled weakly, leaning back, her eyes still foggy. "Just eighteen, so young."
She reminisced about being
eighteen herself, witnessing
Andrew's confession to Tessa and his subsequent rejection. Then she confessed to him and gave herself to him, beginning their long-term relationship. Aubree shifted slightly, grabbing a pillow for her head. "I heard he's been traveling the world, something I once dreamed of." With her eyes closed, her eyelashes quivered as she spoke.
Andrew sat beside her, feeling nothing but pain. He had lied to Matthew; his first kiss at eighteen wasn't with Aubree. But everything pure Aubree had, she gave to him.
###Chapter 1527
Aubree collapsed onto the bed, her mind buzzing with thoughts, partly because of the familiar face she'd seen earlier that day. Just as she was about to drift into sleep, she heard him say, "If you're feeling worn out, take a break. Don't push yourself too hard for the movie." "That's not it," she murmured, still lost in her thoughts. "Mr. Casey's new script has award written all over it."
Andrew got up and headed to the bathroom, coming back with a clean washcloth, a basin of warm water, and makeup remover wipes. At first, he was clueless about all the beauty products that were part of her routine. But when Aubree started coming home late and crashing with her makeup still on, he took it upon himself to learn.
He gently soaked a wipe in makeup remover, carefully wiping away the day from her face. Then he washed her face with a bit of facial cleanser. In these moments, Aubree was exceptionally cooperative, lying still and serene.
He remembered her saying how not removing makeup properly could cause skin issues, something he took to heart, ensuring her skin was thoroughly cleansed. Afterward, he'd often massage her temples, a trick he learned from a local wellness coach who mixed traditional methods with modern relaxation techniques to ease headaches and fatigue.
During these massages, Aubree would sometimes rest her head on his lap, eyes closed, occasionally letting out a satisfied sigh. These quiet moments were precious to Andrew, a stark contrast to the rest of their time when Aubree was hardly around due to her busy schedule.
Even though he longed to be with
her, his obligations with the Clements family business kept him tied to Beaconsfield, leaving him to snatch brief moments with Aubree whenever he could. He devoted all his personal time chasing her from city to city, only for her to move
again with the film crew before he
could even catch up.
He came to a bittersweet realization that all he could do was wait for her return, haunted by the possibility that one day, she might not come back. The thought of her finding someone else, announcing her engagement, filled him with fear. The roles had reversed; Aubree, who once centered her life around him, now explored the world beyond their small beginnings, leaving Andrew to grapple with his insecurities.
It was only in these quiet moments of care, as he gently massaged her temples, that Andrew felt truly needed. His eyes welled up, realizing the precious moments he'd taken for granted and regretting how he had wronged her.
Meanwhile, Aubree slipped into a
dream, back to her teenage years, a
time of vulnerability and innocent passion. Despite the discomfort of their first intimacy, she found joy in their closeness, a long-held yearning fulfilled. But the next morning, Andrew's coldness and scorn left her feeling ashamed and speechless against his harsh words.
In her dream, she cried, burdened by her past mistakes. Yet even asleep, she felt a tender touch wiping away her tears, a bittersweet reminder of their complicated bond.
Waking with a sore throat, a physical
sign of her emotional struggle, Aubree found herself back in her home. The familiar sounds from the kitchen didn't surprise her anymore. But seeing her swollen lips in the bathroom mirror did. Had Andrew kissed her? The thought lingered, bringing a mix of confusion and a faint glimmer of hope. 
###Chapter 1528
Aubree froze, rooted to the spot. Outside, Andrew had set all the dishes on the dining table, but she was nowhere to be seen. Untying his apron, he made his way to the bathroom door and gave it a gentle knock. "Aubree?" he called softly.
That brought Aubree back to reality, and she quickly splashed some water on her face. Emerging from the bathroom, Andrew noticed her lips were swollen and a vibrant shade of red. His pupils darkened, his throat tightened, and he felt an undeniable urge to kiss her. But Aubree turned away, a small frown creasing her brow. That simple action felt like a dagger to Andrew's heart, piercing the most tender part. He chuckled bitterly to himself, then said, "Let's eat."
Aubree remained where she was, finally speaking after a moment. "Andrew, you really didn't have to cook for me."
Andrew lowered his gaze, his voice light. "Who do you want to cook for you then? That young guy who dropped you off last night? You kissed him at the door for ten minutes. Enjoyed it, did you, Aubree?"
His eyes were red, a wave of worthlessness washing over him. How had he sunk to being jealous of a young man, fearing he'd be left behind?
Aubree stiffened, genuinely unable to recall kissing Matthew. Her scalp prickled at the thought. If Mr. Casey found out, would he think she was taking advantage of his son?
Andrew, hearing no answer from Aubree, felt a weight settle in his chest. But really, what right did he have to ask for explanations from her? Who was he to Aubree? A brother? An old fling? Neither role entitled him to ask for explanations. Aubree changed her clothes and came out, her tone cool. "I'm not hungry. I have work to do."
Andrew looked at the meal he had painstakingly prepared, lost for words. The scene was all too familiar. Aubree had once set a table full of delicious food for him, but he never came home, always using "seeing Tessa" as an excuse. She had reheated the food time and again, and he had ignored her efforts.
Now, it felt like the tables had turned, and he was the one feeling the gut-wrenching pain.
"Aubree," he called, his eyes misty as he followed her. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said those things. Please, at least eat something before you go. You know how bad your stomach can get. What if it starts acting up on your way?"
Aubree didn't like seeing Andrew so defeated. It didn't bring her any satisfaction. If Andrew's pain was at a hundred percent, she felt at least eighty percent of it herself. Taking a deep breath, she tried to steady her emotions. "Andrew, that's enough."
She couldn't count how many times she'd said it was enough, but Andrew never listened. Just then,
the doorbell rang. Aubree openedet
the door to find Matthew standing there with a huge bouquet of roses, his face lighting up at the sight of her. 
"Morning, Aubree," he greeted with a grin.
Aubree felt a headache coming on. What was he doing here?
Matthew peeked inside, spotting Andrew by the dining table. "Not going to invite me in?"
Considering her boldness with him the previous night-and knowing he was Mr. Casey's son-Aubree didn't dare refuse. She fetched a pair of shoes from the entrance; they
belonged to Andrew, who visit
often enough to warrant having a pair at her place. She certainly wasn't going to get him anything; she figured not tossing his stuff out was generous enough.
Seeing Matthew slip into Andrew's shoes, Andrew's pupils contracted sharply, his hand clenching at his side, itching to punch the kid. But he held back. There was no point in picking a fight with an eighteen-year-old. Matthew stepped inside, asking, "Got a vase? I'll put these roses in for you."
Aubree wasn't sure what this young lord was up to, so she went to find a vase. But she wasn't the one who kept the house in order. After a minute of searching, she realized she didn't know where she'd stashed them.
Until Andrew moved, heading to a cabinet and retrieving one of several vases. He took the roses from Matthew's arms, and Aubree awkwardly thanked him. Now Andrew knew more about where things were in her house than she did.
Matthew noticed the scene, the apron, and Andrew's adept handling of the flowers, and couldn't resist asking, "Is this your housekeeper? Quite handsome."
That comment darkened Andrew's mood visibly. He was sure it was a deliberate jab. Aubree hurried to introduce them.
"This is Andrew, CEO of Clements Corporation, my brother."
"Brother, huh," Matthew said with a hint of meaning, finding a spot to sit. But he didn't dwell on it, instead smiling at Aubree.
"Feeling better? You drank a whole
bottle of wine by yourself last night, then passed out. I was kind enough to bring you home, and you insisted on kissing me for a full ten minutes, Aubree. That was my first kiss. How are you planning to make it up to me?" 
###Chapter 1529
In front of Andrew, Aubree felt a shiver run down her spine. She had come to terms with the fact she had kissed Matthew a few minutes ago, but she hadn't expected him to be so open about it. And now, he was cheekily asking how she'd make it up to him. "Aubree, how about a movie date today? Think of it as payback for stealing my first kiss," Matthew suggested with a grin.
Aubree stayed quiet, so Matthew turned to Andrew with a confident smile. "Aubree's big brother would agree, right? She's twenty-five; it's about time she started dating."
He made no secret of his intentions, taking Aubree's hand as if it was the most natural thing in the world. "And if movies aren't your thing, I've got plenty of other fun stuff planned."
Just as he finished speaking, they heard the crash of a vase hitting the floor, scattering roses everywhere. Andrew bent down to pick up the pieces and accidentally cut his finger.
Aubree hurried to find a broom but realized she didn't know where anything was, not even the first aid kit. Andrew stood up, his voice a bit rough. "No big deal. If you want to go out, just go."
Blood dripped from his finger onto the floor and the shattered porcelain. There was no way Aubree could just leave him like that. Without a first aid kit, she used a clean strip of cloth to wrap his wound. "I'll take you to the hospital."
The cut was deep and kept bleeding, looking like it might need stitches. As Andrew passed Matthew, he heard him say, "Wow, bro, didn't think you'd be so hard on yourself."
Andrew paused but didn't reply. A moment later, Matthew caught up with Aubree, still beaming. "I'll drive you guys."
Having an extra hand wasn't a bad idea. Aubree nodded, and the three of them piled into the same car. Aubree and Matthew sat up front, chatting away about the script, leaving Andrew in the back, feeling sidelined.
Andrew looked at his injured hand, almost wishing the cut was worse so Aubree couldn't ignore him. Aubree chuckled during her chat with Matthew. "You're only eighteen and already know so much."
Matthew glanced in the rearview mirror, locking eyes with Andrew. "Age is just a number," he said, leaving it unclear if he was addressing Aubree or Andrew.
At the hospital, Andrew got out alone, while Aubree and Matthew continued their lively conversation. Matthew always knew how to make Aubree laugh. She remarked, "It's hard to believe you're only eighteen; you seem more experienced than me." Matthew smiled at her. "You're just wound too tight. You should hang out with us younger folks more; maybe you'll start seeing things differently."
Andrew, walking just a bit ahead,
heard every word. Jealousy gnawed at him as he looked at his hand, eyes burning red. The doctor stitched fim up with five stitches while Matthew kept Aubree entertained with tales of his hiking adventures.
"Aubree, if movies aren't your thing, how about a hike tomorrow? A bunch of us young folks are going. We start at two in the morning to catch the sunrise at the peak."
Andrew knew Aubree well; he could
see she was intrigued by Matthew's offer. It was something new and exciting compared to staying by his side. In that moment, Andrew couldn't stand Matthew, wishing he'd never shown up. 
Once he was patched up, Aubree asked the doctor, "Anything we should watch out for?"
"Keep it dry to avoid infection, and remember to apply the ointment."
Aubree nodded and turned to Andrew. "Let's get you back home."
Andrew remained silent. He was swamped with work at Clements Corporation, which was expanding rapidly, leaving him with barely any time to relax. Meanwhile, Matthew, with his youth, had all the time and energy in the world. 
Andrew had to sacrifice his rest just to spend some time with Aubree. In that, he had lost. And another thing, he wasn't as young as Matthew. Matthew, with his fearless and straightforward nature, had nothing to lose. And because of his youth, he had everything to gain. This was the prime of his life.
Andrew felt a wave of panic. On the way back, he clearly heard Aubree agree to Matthew's hiking plan, even asking eagerly, "What should I prepare? I've never been, so I'm not sure."
"I'll sort it all out for you. I'll have a car pick you up early in the morning," Matthew promised.
Aubree laughed, "Sounds great."
###Chapter 1530
Her eyes sparkled with excitement, like she was back in her carefree teenage years. Andrew stayed quiet, feeling a tickle in his throat and craving a cigarette.
When they pulled up in the neighborhood, Matthew was busy giving Aubree some last-minute advice. "Make sure to get some shut-eye early tonight, or you'll be dragging tomorrow. I've got everything else covered. See you at the crack of dawn." Aubree nodded, and Matthew drove off, leaving just her and Andrew. "Get some rest," she told him. "You heard the doc-keep away from water."
Andrew's voice was hoarse, struggling to form words. He opened his mouth but settled for a simple nod and a muttered "Hmm."
Aubree was eager to try hiking up the mountain to catch the sunrise, so she hit the hay by eight. By one in the morning, Matthew's car was ready and waiting outside. Aubree, dressed in her athletic gear, headed out after his call. Just then, her phone buzzed with a message from Andrew:
"I think I have a fever."
Aubree saw the text and immediately called the Clements family's private doctor to check on him. "I've called the Clements family's doctor. He should be there soon."
Andrew didn't reply. He stood at the living room window, watching Aubree leave, looking sporty and youthful in her sneakers and ponytail, reminiscent of her school days. He watched until she disappeared from view, reluctantly tearing his gaze away.
Half an hour later, the private doctor arrived, but Andrew sent him away. He indeed had a fever, brought on by taking cold showers all night, a self-inflicted ailment. Without Aubree, he felt a wave of despair, almost wishing the fever would consume him. It felt like no one would care. 
He looked at the bandaged wound on his hand, coughly tore off the dressing, and yanked the stitches out, making the wound worse. Blood flowed freely from his palm. Worried about infection, he rinsed it under the tap before collapsing back onto the couch. The original five-stitch wound now needed ten. 
Most people would be howling in pain, but Andrew stayed silent, the emotional hurt far outweighing the physical. Tears welled up in his eyes, confused about how things with Aubree had reached this point. If she chose Matthew, what could he do? He felt powerless to win her back. Meanwhile, Aubree had reached the foot of the mountain with Matthew. As promised, there were several young people, all in their twenties. They lit up at the sight of her. "Aubree, wow! Matthew's always raving about you to us."
"Yeah, he buys everything you endorse and shares it with us. Talk about a super fan!"
Matthew, with a backpack slung over his shoulder, wasn't embarrassed. Instead, he shot them a stern look. "Cut it out. It's Aubree's first time here. Show some respect."
Everyone had their packs, filled with food, water, and tents. Matthew had prepared a lighter pack for Aubree, carrying the heavier stuff himself. The group, buzzing with excitement, started their climb up the trail.
Hiking in the early hours was a new adventure for Aubree. Walking beside her, Matthew said, "There's a bungee jumping spot up top. Are you afraid of heights? If not, you should try it. It'll clear your mind of all worries."
Aubree realized she had never
bungee jumped before. There were so many things she hadn't done. Meanwhite, Matthew, just eighteen seemed to have lived a full life, with the exception of falling in love, and starting a family. His life was thrilling and rich with experiences, Despite the arrogance that often comes with wealth, he was genuinely likable. 
###Chapter 1531
By the time we reached the summit, everyone except the young lad was gasping for breath, completely worn out. Aubree even needed Matthew's help a few times along the way. But standing atop the mountain, watching the sun peek over the horizon in fiery hues, it felt like every step was worth it. The group of youngsters started cheering, waving their jackets around in the air. The breeze that swept through the trees carried the essence of youth and freedom.
Aubree joined in, taking off her jacket and waving it above her head. The sun slowly moved across the sky, casting rays so bright it was hard to keep our eyes open. We started setting up camp, ready to grab a bite. In that moment, Aubree felt a deep sense of calm. Even though it was her first time meeting these young people, the conversation flowed easily, free from any awkwardness or questions about her celebrity life. Instead, we chatted about food and beautiful places, a refreshing change from the usual adult conversations she was used to.
Maybe someday, these young folks would talk about stocks or business deals, but right then, their talk about freedom was truly enchanting. Aubree had never really thought about the meaning of life before. For years, she'd been chasing after Andrew, always hoping he'd turn around, nursing her wounds alone at night. After everything that happened, she struggled with severe anxiety, feared the dark, and dreaded finding someone in her bed, waking up from nightmares in the middle of the night. But at that moment, surrounded by such stunning natural beauty, she felt cleansed of all her worries.
She glanced over at Matthew. Despite being only eighteen, he handed her a bottle of water. "Aubree, have a sip," he said. She thanked him, moistening her lips. With no restrooms nearby, it was best to drink sparingly to avoid any awkward situations. She just wet her lips and refrained from drinking more. Matthew diligently heated up a ready-to-eat meal and handed it to her. "Eat something. We won't be heading down until the afternoon. You'll get hungry."
Even though Matthew was much younger, she felt taken care of. She smiled at him. Slowly, she started eating. Afterward, we split up to forage for wild fruits. Naturally, Aubree teamed up with Matthew. The mountain was full of wild berries. It was her first time discovering that strawberries and cucumbers could grow in the wild. Matthew's eyes lit up as he told her about them. With every tree they passed, Matthew would introduce it, his voice calm and steady.
Aubree couldn't help but compliment him, "You really don't seem like you're eighteen." Matthew grinned, "Maybe if you get to know me better, you'll see I can be pretty childish too." Aubree found that hard to believe. They returned with two kinds of fruit, rinsed them with bottled water, and everyone shared and enjoyed them. By the time we reached the bungee jumping spot, it was noon. No one had eaten because eating before a jump could be a disaster.
Aubree felt hesitant, especially with the breeze from the cliff making her legs shake. Matthew geared up too, and the staff strapped them together. Being so close to such a handsome young man, Aubree felt genuinely shy. Thankfully, her acting skills helped her seem calm. Matthew held her close, "Aubree, let's jump." As soon as he said it, they leapt. Aubree screamed, instinctively clinging to his neck. "Ah!!!" Her scream echoed through the valley, mixed with Matthew's stifled laughter.
Eventually, Aubree's fear faded, replaced by a feeling of the world flipping and righting itself. The breeze at the bottom carried the scent of fresh grass and the chirping of unknown insects. She felt utterly transformed. Afterward, her eyes sparkled, clearly captivated by this new experience. As we headed downhill, Matthew shared a thought. "There's so much more to see, Aubree. The world really is a beautiful place." His casual remark struck a chord with Aubree.
###Chapter 1532
most, born with opportunities, so every time I set off for somewhere new, I hope not to miss out on the journey."
She stared at him for what felt like ages before finally managing to say, "Thanks." Matthew was a bit surprised but gave her a warm smile. "Just speaking the truth. Sometimes I think if we don't soak up all the sights life offers, it's like we've wasted a trip. I'm luckier than The world's got its fair share of rich folks, but most of us are just regular people. A typical life? School, work, marriage, a mortgage, and then decades of paying it off. It's like being stuck at a desk forever. Those born into privilege often scoff at people for not trying hard enough, but the truth is, many just don't have the chance to change their lot.
At just eighteen, Matthew got this. He knew he was lucky. At that moment, Aubree really wanted to be his friend. Watching him, she saw a bit of her younger self. Matthew was doing things she never dared to, things she was too scared to try. Lost in thought, she slipped. Matthew caught her just in time, his face paling with concern. "Aubree, be careful," he said, looking up at her.
There's a saying- if a younger guy doesn't call you 'sis,' he might be up to something else. Aubree saw through Matthew's intentions easily. She genuinely wanted to be friends, not get involved romantically with someone so young. She was past the point of having energy for that.
Matthew let go of her hand, giving her a gentle reminder, "The path down is slippery, don't daydream." Aubree nodded and followed him back to the road. By the time they returned, it was evening, and Matthew said goodbye to his friends. They started planning the next adventure. "Matthew, where are we heading next? Plan it out early, we're counting on your guide." A chorus of laughter followed, showing Matthew as the leader of the group.
Once everyone left, Aubree and Matthew got into the car. "Aubree, let's grab some food first, you must be starving." She nodded, feeling both hungry and tired, yet more fulfilled than ever. Just as they sat down in the diner, her private doctor called, saying Andrew had a fever and his wound was infected. He was at the hospital.
Aubree frowned. "Didn't I ask you to
check on him? Did he take his meds?" "Mr. Andrew's on an IV," the
doctor replied. "Is it serious?" she asked. "No, but the wound reopened, and we need to stitch it up again." Aubree took a deep breath, not responding immediately. A few minutes later, the doctor asked hesitantly, "Miss Aubree, could you come over?" 
Knowing Andrew for years, she understood his mindset. He probably reopened the wound
himself. That made her angry. She got up and said to Matthew, "Andrew's got a fever and is in the hospital. I need to check on him. Sorry, Matthew, I owe you a meal." Matthew raised an eyebrow but quickly had a meal packed for her. "Aubree, take this with you. You
haven't eaten all afternoon; don't go
hungry." 
She tried to pay, but he stopped her, "I want to treat you." His eyes had a stubborn glint. Aubree didn't argue. "Alright, I'll treat you next time." After she left, Matthew sat back down, his earlier sweetness replaced by a chill. "That old man knows how to cause a fuss! Shameful!" he muttered.
Aubree rushed to the hospital and
pushed open the door to find the doctor stitching up Andrew. He was sweating, lips pressed tight, staring out the window silently. Only when he heard the door did he turn, his eyes lighting up. "Aubree," he called softly. The doctor quickly advised, "Mr. Andrew, please don't move." Andrew stopped but kept his gaze fixed on her as if she was his missing piece. 
Once the doctors left, leaving them alone, Aubree's face turned cold. "Andrew, what are you doing?! Isn't this childish?! Do you think hurting yourself will make me pity you?!" Her questions came rapid-fire, her cheeks flushed with anger. Andrew lowered his gaze to his wound. "What do I have to do for you to look back at me?"
In that moment, Aubree was speechless, a pang of emotion hitting her heart.
###Chapter 1533
The hospital room fell silent, the kind of quiet that can feel almost deafening. Aubree wanted to pull up a chair and sit, but found her hands not quite cooperating. She looked over at Andrew, sitting there on the bed, looking so pitiful. His wounds had been restitched, and the fever had left his lips pale. In that moment, Aubree's heart ached. She had sworn to distance herself from him, but seeing him like this tugged at her heartstrings.
How could she just stand by and watch someone she once loved deeply suffer like this? But she was so weary, so tired of it all.
Her mind flashed back to the sunrise she saw that morning, the thrill of bungee jumping off a cliff. For a moment, it was like she was wrapped in the beauty of the world. But whenever she was near Andrew, it felt like being dragged back into a cycle of mutual pain. She lowered her gaze and pulled a chair closer, finally sitting down. "Andrew," she called, her voice raspy.
Andrew, on the other hand, suddenly wanted to shut it all out, to cover his ears and pretend he didn't hear her. But Aubree continued.
"Andrew, I'm really tired," she confessed, rubbing her forehead with weariness. "I went to see the sunrise with Matthew, and hiking felt so freeing. The sunrise was breathtaking, and the bungee jump made me forget all my troubles. But with you, it's like there's a weight holding me down, stopping me from chasing after something better."
"If you really care about me, could you let me be?" Her plea for freedom masked a deeper desire for him to just vanish from her life.
Andrew remained silent, just staring at her. Aubree had wanted to say this for a long time, but now she couldn't meet his eyes. It felt like she was making a tough choice, one that had to be made to break free from their limbo.
Andrew knew he had no real power to keep her. Now that she wanted to leave, he couldn't even find the words to ask her to stay. His mouth opened, but all he wished was for his wounds to never heal.
Aubree, however, was already on her feet. "Don't hurt yourself like this anymore," she said softly before leaving the room.
As she walked downstairs, each step felt like it weighed a ton. Everything had been said, even the words that were hardest to utter.
Back in the hospital room, Andrew
stood up, wanting to follow her. But he only made it to the window, watching her disappear through the main doors. His throat itched for a cigarette, and his eyes burned with unshed tears. The pain was beyond words as he slumped against the wall, burying his face in his knees, shoulders quivering. 
Aubree wasn't feeling much better. When she got home, she realized she was still holding the takeout Matthew had packed for her. She warmed some of it, took a few bites, then curled up on the couch. Later that evening, her phone rang. It was Casey, calling to let her know she had passed the preliminary round for a movie role. Another round of selections, and the female lead would be decided. Aubree skimmed through the list of contenders, all strong actresses. While she was popular, her late start and competition with seasoned child stars made her feel like she didn't stand much of a chance.
Meanwhile, across town, Casey was deep in discussions with the producers about the male lead when he heard his son, still sprawled on the couch playing a game, casually say, Dad, let's cast Aubree as the female lead." 
Casey, a well-known director who had always let his son find his own way, was surprised. "You've got her autograph, isn't that enough? Want her to join you for a meal? We can make that happen."
Matthew's tone was nonchalant, but he flashed a smile. "I want Aubree to play it."
Matthew put down his game console. "I like Aubree, like in a 'want to marry her' way. You told me I could choose my girlfriend or future wife when I turned eighteen. I've made my choice, and it's Aubree."
Teenage love is bold and fiery, like a
drop of water in a sizzling pan. Casey had never stopped Matthew from exploring the world, except when it came to affairs of the heart, enforcing a rule of no relationships until he was of age. And here was Matthew, freshly eighteen, telling his shrewd father about his plans to marry. 
###Chapter 1534
Casey couldn't help but chuckle instead of stopping him right away. "You're supposed to head to Harvard next month, and you've got four more years to go before you graduate."
mature enough for a relationship, that someday I might be drawn to someone my own age."
"I could skip it. My friends and I have already started investing in a company that's probably going public next year. I don't really need the degree. If I go, by the time I graduate, Aubree will be twenty-nine, and I'll be twenty-two. I know what you're thinking. You think I'm not Casey nodded, picking up a newspaper from the table to skim through. "I'm glad you realize that. Nobody at eighteen can promise they'll never change their mind. Even married folks stray sometimes."
Matthew's eyes sparkled with determination. "Others might not dare, but I do. I'm head over heels for Aubree. Let her be the lead actress."
For years, Casey hadn't tried to dictate his son's life, but now he raised an eyebrow, giving him a second, more serious look. "Have you thought about the seven-year age gap? You might handle it, but Aubree might not."
"Who says I'm just messing around?"
Matthew was handsome in that refined way but without a hint of fragility. He was into strength training every week and often did outdoor activities, his physique both strong and graceful.
"Alright, I agree. Aubree will be the lead."
Casey, a director, had never thought to steer his son's life.
Matthew breathed a sigh of relief. Aubree, thinking there was still another round of auditions, was surprised to get a call early the next morning telling her she got the lead role. In this industry, many dreamed of starring in one of Casey's films, and she never thought she'd be that lucky.
Then she thought of Matthew, right as he texted her. "We start filming next month. How about we head to the American plains to watch lions? It's more breathtaking than the sunrise."
Aubree couldn't deny the appeal of his offer. She hesitated for a minute before replying, "When do we leave?"
"Tomorrow, by private jet, just the two of us. Mind that? Everyone else has already been."
The implication was clear: he wanted to take her alone. Aubree hesitated. She knew Matthew was a catch, exceptional by any standard. Faced with such a young, wealthy, handsome, and broad-minded man, any woman would be tempted, but Aubree felt apprehensive 
"Aubree, trust me. He wouldn't make a move. Even if you refuse, let's part on good terms."
With those words, Aubree's hesitation vanished. "Okay, I'll pack a bit."
vel
She bent down, packing a small suitcase and grabbing her passport. The next morning, as she left, she bumped into workers moving furniture next door, caught off guard The villa was her first purchase, and then Andrew had bought the one opposite, but now, furniture was being moved out. 
Aubree looked up, locking eyes with Andrew standing not far away. Seeing her small suitcase, Andrew knew she had plans, unsure when she'd return or if she would at all. He could only wait, but waiting only seemed to push her further away.
So, he decided to move to another villa, close enough yet distant, waiting. But now, as she was leaving, he felt the distance between them growing even more apparent. Aubree nodded at him slowly.
Lately, her spirits had been low,
despite directors praising her natural
talent. Yet, after several movies and Oscar nominations, the Best Actress award remained elusive. Though no one said it outright, she knew something was missing in her
performances but couldn't pinpoint what. A change of scenery might do her good. 
Without looking back, she left. Andrew stayed put, lacking even the courage to follow, merely clenching his hand in a futile gesture.
###Chapter 1535
Aubree wasted no time in getting to where Matthew was. Dressed in sporty attire and standing tall at 6'1", he was a head-turner on any street.
Once they boarded the plane, Aubree settled in for a much-needed nap.
After landing, Matthew whisked her away to a private villa. It was a stunning French-style retreat, complete with a butler and staff, where Aubree didn't have to lift a finger; Matthew had everything perfectly sorted.
By the next morning, a rugged ride was ready to take them across the prairie. It looked like a massive truck, with a rear fortified by solid steel bars. A ladder was needed to climb aboard.
Matthew went up first, with Aubree following closely. At the back, a solid door led them to the driver's cab.
"Don't worry about any animals breaking in, Aubree. These steel bars are top-notch, and the truck's equipped with the latest autopilot and GPS systems. If anything goes wrong, a helicopter will be on its way to rescue us," Matthew reassured her. The back offered about sixty-four square feet of space, shielded only by the bars. It was the perfect spot to gaze at the endless blue sky and the sprawling landscape.
Inside, the cabin was stocked with enough provisions to last half a month.
"Come on, Aubree, it's time to hit the road," Matthew said, his excitement contagious.
Aubree's heart raced at his words. It had been ages since she felt this kind of thrill. Her life had been stagnant, never once considering adventures into the unknown. But if given the chance again, she'd still choose to embark on this journey with Matthew. They drove all day, eventually entering the vast expanse of the American prairie. The endless green stretched out to kiss the sky at the horizon.
"Keep the windows closed here, Aubree. It's safer that way. If you want to take in the view, head to the back," Matthew suggested.
Overflowing with excitement, Aubree swiftly made her way through the cabin and threw open the door.
The prairie wind rushed to meet her.
As Matthew had promised, this was the world's largest and best-preserved prairie. Crossing it, they would come across countless animals.
"Wow!!!" Aubree shouted, arms wide open, reveling in the view that was even more breathtaking than a sunset.
The awe that nature inspired was something no book or city could ever convey; it had to be felt in person to truly grasp how small humans were in the grand scheme of things.
About four hours into their journey, Aubree spotted herds of bison.
Wolves on the hunt even noticed the truck and followed it for miles, making Aubree's heart leap with excitement, her cheeks flushed with the thrill of it all.
Matthew switched the truck to autopilot and joined her in the back, choosing silence, knowing the moment was beyond words.
Aubree finally broke the silence when she spotted some lions lounging lazily.
"Matthew! Look at them!" she exclaimed.
Having visited several times before, sometimes even solo, Matthew was a firm believer in the saying that traveling a thousand miles is more enlightening than reading a thousand books, which is why he cherished these trips. 
"Yeah, I see them," he replied with a grin.
As the truck rolled on for another hour, the number of animals grew, and Aubree was left speechless, forgetting even to take photos, wishing she had more eyes to capture it all. 
Matthew handed her a bottle of water.
After a few sips, Aubree's focus returned to the view outside, just in time to witness two lions leap at a solitary bison.
She gasped, hearing Matthew murmur, "Survival of the fittest."
As night fell and the truck came to a halt, they cooked inside the well-equipped cabin, like a luxury RV but even more refined.
The only awkward part was the single bed and bathroom.
After her shower, Aubree was lounging in bed with a book when Matthew emerged, decently dressed in shorts and a T-shirt rather than just a towel. 
"I'll take the chair," he offered, aware of the limited space in their mobile home.
Aubree shifted over, patting the spot next to her. "We can share."
Matthew hesitated for a moment before joining her, stiff with uncertainty.
"I didn't want to make you uncomfortable."
Outside their small window, the prairie stars twinkled brighter than anywhere else.
She chuckled, "I've shared beds with strangers on set before."
Matthew lay down, his voice carrying a hint of youthful shyness. "Still, it's different."
###Chapter 1536
of sweat appeared on her forehead as she heard Matthew softly suggest, "Aubree, take a look outside."
As soon as Aubree lay down, she felt her body tighten up. She shut her eyes, trying to ease herself into the moment and shake off the persistent shadows of her past. That familiar queasy sensation rose again, but she stifled it, not wanting to upset Matthew. A light sheen Blinking, Aubree turned her head to glance out the window and was met with the sight of a pack of wolves wandering below, seemingly drawn to the light.
Matthew edged closer, both of them entranced by the scene, his chest brushing against her back. Yet, neither seemed to notice this closeness, lost in the spectacle outside.
"They're probably just curious about the lights. I've heard tales of folks trying to cross these plains in regular cars, only to be taken by wolves," Matthew remarked casually.
Aubree was taken aback, but it made sense. It wasn't just wolves; there could be bears or cougars out there too.
She watched as the wolves settled under the soft glow, curling up to sleep. Just a slight turn and she had a clear view.
With that, the unsettling memories faded away.
Matthew gently tucked the blanket around her. "If you're feeling uneasy, just look outside. Imagine you're sleeping out under the stars, the earth as your bed. We're not so different from the animals in the end," he comforted her.
Taking his advice, Aubree turned to watch the wolves, warmth spreading in her chest, and soon drifted into a deep, peaceful sleep-her best in a long while.
Matthew stayed awake until late, ensuring she was sound asleep before he carefully turned to spoon her, wrapping his arm around her waist, drawing her close.
Aubree slept through the night, blissfully unaware.
When she woke in the morning light, Matthew had already pulled away and prepared breakfast.
After eating, she joined him at the wheel, gazing out at the endless plains.
For fourteen days, they drove through the vast landscape, racing with the swiftest creatures, observing their hunts.
On the last night, Aubree lay in the back, watching the stars, knowing they'd leave the next day. Her confidence had grown, her eyes fixed on the celestial display above. Concerned she might catch a chill, Matthew had spread thick blankets for her.
Fresh from a bath, barefoot, Aubree listened to the distant howls of the wolves, a thrilling sensation coursing through her.
Matthew lay down beside her, asking, "Do the stars look bigger here?"
"Yeah," she replied.
"I was amazed the first time I saw them here. Stayed up all night," he confessed.
Curious, Aubree turned to him. "When did you first come here?"
"I was fourteen, Came by myself," he said, closing his eyes as memories washed over him. "I've returned a few times since. Whenever I need to clear my head, this place brings me peace. The stars, the sky, the sunsets-they're unmatched." 
Aubree glanced at his profile, then back at the stars. "Your teenage years sound more adventurous than most."
Just then, her view was blocked as Matthew's face came closer.
Caught off guard, Aubree watched his face approach, then felt a warm kiss land on her lips. Her body- stiffened at the touch, and the distant wolf howls set her heart racing. en FindNovel
The kiss, a bit awkward at first, soon found its rhythm.
Men seem to have a natural knack for this, she mused.
Over these days, Aubree had slept peacefully, leaving her past behind.
He softly asked, "Is this okay?"
Faced with a man seven years her
junior, in a moment steeped in
beauty-the stunning stars, the enchanting night, and the occasional wolf howls on the plains-her rational thoughts slipped away, and she gave a silent nod.
Unsure if she'd regret it, yet convinced life was too short not to seize a moment with someone she admired, especially under such perfect stars.
Sensing her agreement, Matthew's breath grew heavier as he deepened the kiss, exploring further.
###Chapter 1537
Every corner was explored, every sensation heightened from skin to soul. Aubree turned to spot a wolf, somehow perched on the dense railings, pacing before leaping off again. The thrill of the wild and the thrill from another person made her heart race.
Matthew was in remarkable shape, his energy seemingly endless. That night, he didn't stop. Initially calling her Aubree, his whispers soon shifted to "Lynn," signaling his growing desire. Aubree found herself more uninhibited than ever, but by morning, exhaustion hit hard. He carried her back to bed, gently cleaning her with a towel before letting her rest. Then he dressed and went out to start the car.
Watching the world through the car window, Aubree still couldn't fathom why she had allowed Matthew into her life. The previous night had been a whirlwind, the kind that could charm any woman into the arms of such a captivating young man. From Matthew, she'd picked up a new mantra: "Seize the day."
Returning to Beaconsfield, they arrived just in time for Desiree Clements' birthday bash. As a Clements family member, Aubree was expected to attend. She also received a call from Casey about a shoot starting next week, urging her to be ready.
After her time away, everyone noticed a change in Aubree. Especially Brielle, who thought she looked more beautiful than ever, as if a light shone from within. Indeed, a simple change in demeanor can amplify one's beauty. Already striking, Aubree now seemed capable of turning heads anywhere.
"Aubree, where've you been?" someone asked.
Aubree raised an eyebrow. "Just a little getaway. Really opened my mind."
But the memory of her night with Matthew still sent shivers down her spine. Three days had passed, yet the marks hadn't completely faded. At the Clements' dinner, she wore a dress that represented the family well, struggling to conceal the marks. After standing for two hours, she finally stole a moment to retouch her makeup, only to see Andrew's reflection in the mirror.
His eyes, red-rimmed, focused intently on her as he flicked away a cigarette. Aubree tensed but continued applying her lipstick calmly. Andrew discarded the cigarette and approached, tugging at her collar to reveal the marks. His heart clenched painfully. "What's this?" he demanded coldly.
Aubree finished with her lipstick and stashed it in her bag. "Can't you see? Love bites," she replied coolly, lowering her lashes.
Andrew's emotions surged-anger, pain-nearly overwhelming him. "Aubree! You slept with him?!"
He almost lost control, his hands instinctively reaching for her throat. Aubree felt a wave of shame, as if being with Matthew had tarnished her somehow. But wasn't she single? She had every right to choose whom to be with.
As his grip tightened, her eyes welled up. Seeing her tears, Andrew let go abruptly, his lips trembling. "How could you?"
His voice cracked with disbelief as
tears spilled down his face. He
dragged her to the sink, trying to scrub away the marks, his fingers rough against her skin. Aubree winced. "Stop it," she pleaded attempting to push him away, but he wouldn't budge. 
"Andrew, I'm sorry," she whispered, closing her eyes.
Andrew froze, torn between rage and heartache. Why was she apologizing? They'd never had a real relationship. Even when they'd been close, he'd always warned her not to aspire to Tessa's place. He'd never acknowledged being with Aubree, and she had always been single. She owed him no apology. 
Andrew's grip slackened. "Are you going to marry him?" His words barely audible.
Aubree was about to respond when she noticed Desiree Clements in the hallway. The family had assumed she and Andrew would marry, but Aubree had been visiting less and less. Aside from holidays, she seldom came around, each visit weighed down by the pressure to marry Andrew. Yet she had never envisioned a life with him, especially since he never acknowledged their relationship. 
"Slap!"
A sudden slap struck Aubree's cheek, drawing blood to her lip. Andrew, stunned that his grandmother had hit Aubree, quickly embraced her. "Grandma, what are you doing?!" Desiree, leaning on her cane, glared fiercely. "After being with Andrew, you went and shamed yourself. You're meant to be the Clements family's bride! Now you've tainted yourself!" The older generation's traditional views were clear, having overheard about Aubree's other man and seeing the evidence. To them, she had dishonored herself.
###Chapter 1538
Aubree wiped the corner of her mouth, her fingertips stained with blood. Andrew, holding her close, shivered as he tightened his grip around her. Desiree, gripping her cane, swung it furiously, shaking with anger.
"You're clearly not from a respectable family, acting so shamelessly! Strutting around like that, why not just work in a brothel? I was against you marrying Andrew from the start because your looks scream trouble, like a siren luring men!" When news of Aubree and Andrew's relationship broke, the Clements family wasn't happy. But Andrew's dedication to family matters over the past year helped quiet the critics, and they begrudgingly accepted the idea of their marriage. Now, hearing rumors of Aubree's infidelity, Desiree couldn't hold back, unleashing a storm of insults on Aubree. "Shameless! Get out! How could the Clements family have someone like you! Andrew, let her go!"
Andrew held Aubree even tighter, taking the blows meant for both of them. In that moment, he truly felt Aubree's despair and her disillusionment with the family.
Aubree, though in pain, stayed silent until Desiree stopped. Only then did she wipe away the blood from her mouth. "Grandma."
She spoke, then turned to face the curious onlookers who had gathered in the hallway. They were part of their social circle. Even though there were only a few, it was enough to humiliate her.
Yet, she faced Desiree with an unsettling calm. "Do I need to carve a symbol of purity on myself, stay untouched for Andrew, to be worthy of him?" Her voice trembled towards the end. Andrew, tears in his eyes, clung to her. "Aubree, please stop."
But Aubree pushed him away, the weight of her pain clear. She let out a bitter laugh. "My so-called purity was shattered long ago. If you want Andrew with a 'clean' woman, that's not me. I've had enough. Just now, with someone else, that's
So, keep Andrew away frWho I am.
me
from now on." 
Desiree was shocked by Aubree's defiance, trembling with rage. "You're despicable!"
Aubree smiled wryly. "True, I won't deny it. I don't deserve Andrew. It's all my fault."
Andrew wrapped his arms around her waist, biting his lip hard. "Stop, Aubree, I'm begging you."
Aubree felt a deep, tearing discomfort, as if her heart was being ripped open. She opened her mouth to continue but felt as if her throat was blocked.
Everyone seemed to think she
should remain chaste for Andrew,
but why? They were never officially a couple. Why couldn't she change her heart after loving a man for so many years? Was it really so scandalous
to move on and love someone else? 
She believed she had done nothing wrong in her relationship with Andrew. She even kept her feelings in check, never letting herself hate him, just tired and wanting it to end. Was that so wrong?
Is it true that after genuinely loving
someone for over a decade, you're not allowed to love someone else? She admired Matthew, and yes, he was attractive. She envied his life, and that night was a moment of weakness. 
Such a beautiful place, such a young man, and even the howling wolves outside-she didn't regret it. Why should one night with Matthew earn her a slap? She truly didn't understand.
###Chapter 1539
Tears streamed down her face, and she could feel Andrew's tears dampening her neck.
Every time she was near Andrew, every time she stepped into the Clements' home, Aubree felt utterly drained. She missed the vast, open fields of the Great Plains so much. Her tears fell even harder. Right then, she wanted nothing more than to collapse to the ground and sob uncontrollably. How did things get so bad? Desiree kept lashing out with her harsh words. "You're nothing but a burden. We should have never taken you in. You're a nobody, a wild child. How could you ever be good enough for our little Ryan? And now, carrying someone else's burden, who knows what recklessness you've been up to? Get out! Leave, now!"
Aubree made a move to leave, but Andrew held onto her tightly, refusing to let go. The bystanders had been sent away, leaving only the Clements family around. Marissa stood at the front, rubbing her temples. "Mom, stop it," she pleaded. Desiree's words were so cruel that even Marissa found them hard to bear.
Andrew clung to Aubree, making the whole scene a mess. Then, out of the corner of her eye, Aubree spotted someone. It was Matthew. He must have just arrived, panting and sweaty, his hair sticking to his forehead. "Aubree," he called out, cutting through the Clements crowd to grab her hand. Without a word or even a glance back, he ran with her.
They dashed out of the hall, out of the Clements estate, and onto the street. Only when the cool night air hit them did he slow down. Aubree's hand was still tightly in his, but neither of them spoke. The breeze felt like pure freedom. Aubree, catching her breath, stopped behind him.
Matthew finally released her hand and asked, "You okay?" Surrounded and judged, with Andrew's arms around her, she'd never felt so alone. In that instant, Matthew felt nothing but compassion for her and pulled her away without a second thought.
Now, as they strolled slowly down
the street, Aubree couldn't hold back her tears. Matthew went back to his car. Without tissues, he grabbed a pack of napkins and handed her a few. "Come on, no more tears," he said gently. Aubree saw the pack in his hand and managed a small smile. Matthew sighed, his anger simmering. "They really went too far." 
Aubree, drying her tears, shoulders still trembling, whispered, "It's not their fault. It's mine." She regretted getting tangled up with Andrew so soon. They found a bench to sit on, the night air cool against their skin.
Matthew shrugged off his suit
jacket. He never liked wearing suits, always felt they were too restricting. He hadn't planned on attending the party tonight, but his dad insisted sending him an invitation. Choosing a suit made him late, leading him to witness that whole mess. Is this really what Aubree's life was like with the Clements? 
"Matthew, I miss the Great Plains so much," she said, her voice raw, the tears finally stopped, just gazing into the distance. Matthew turned to look at her, his heart aching. Aubree didn't actually miss the Great Plains. It was just that there, she fel@free, with no ties to the Clements. There, she was entirely her own person. 
"There are places even more beautiful than that. I've seen penguins, polar bears, and mountain goats climbing cliffs. The more you explore, the less you look back because there's always something amazing ahead." His words held a deeper meaning, but Aubree remained silent, lost in thought.
###Chapter 1540
The Clements family was in complete chaos. Desiree was on a tirade, waving her cane around for emphasis. "That floozy doesn't deserve our Andrew! Andrew, you need to start dating again, ASAP. Forget about her; she's never getting through our family's door!" Andrew, now the heir to the Clements fortune and the CEO of Clements Corporation, was surrounded by a group of stern family elders. It felt like a courtroom, with all eyes locked onto him, waiting for a verdict.
The family's dissatisfaction with Aubree was no secret, and with whispers of her indiscretions making the rounds, the elders grew even bolder in their criticisms. They took turns tearing Aubree down, each comment nastier than the last. Amidst the chaos, Marissa and Andrew stayed silent. Marissa had already handed her shares of the family business over to Aubree, believing she had done her part. Whether or not Andrew and Aubree stayed together was no longer her concern. She caught her husband's eye, noticing his furrowed brow but chose not to engage in the bickering.
After what felt like an eternity, Andrew finally spoke. "Grandma, Aubree is the only one for me." His voice was steady, his determination clear. The room fell into a stunned silence, caught off guard by his unwavering stance.
Desiree, incensed, fainted right then and there, leading to a hurried trip to the hospital. Left standing alone, Andrew felt an overwhelming wave of exhaustion wash over him. His heart ached at the thought of Aubree with someone else, making his efforts feel futile. Stepping outside, he got into his car and barely drove out before spotting two figures sitting together. His grip on the steering wheel tightened as he watched them from the shadows, unseen.
Aubree was laughing at something
Matthew said, who was holding a bag and gazing at her fondly. The sight was like a dagger to Andrew's heart, jealousy flaring up inside him. But what right did he have to storm over there? 
The pain in his back seemed to throb harder, mirroring his emotional turmoil. He sank back into his seat, lighting a cigarette and watching from a distance through the cracked window.
Meanwhile, Aubree was feeling
serene. Matthew, still holding the bag, made a playful gesture toward his car, inviting her in with a smile From Andrew's vantage point, looked as if they were kissing, causing him to drop his cigarette in disbelief. 
Matthew buckled Aubree in before sliding into the driver's seat himself. As they pulled up outside Aubree's place, she asked, "Do you think I'm easy?" Matthew paused, surprised by the question. "Why would you say that?"
"We slept together not long after meeting," she replied.
Gripping the steering wheel, Matthew shot back, "And why don't you think I'm the easy one? It takes two, you know."
Aubree was left speechless. Leaning
back, Matthew's youthful energy
seemed to shine through. "If anything, I'm the carefree one From the moment I met you, I knew I wanted to be with you." 
###Chapter 1541
His voice was laid-back as he turned to face her. "Aubree, if being with someone always leaves you second-guessing yourself, then it's time to make the tough call and walk away. I've never been in love, but I reckon a good relationship should lift you up, not drag you down. It should make you feel like life has meaning every time you think of them. Life's too long to waste it on the wrong person. Liking him for over a decade doesn't mean you have to spend the rest of your life stuck in that mistake. There's a saying, right? Cut your losses." Aubree was left speechless. Despite his young age, Matthew had a knack for making things sound so clear. It felt like all her extra years amounted to nothing.
Matthew leaned in closer, locking eyes with her before gently moving in for a kiss. His lips met hers softly. He was young, but he'd seen more of the world than most. His eyes always had a clarity that made you want to let your guard down. Aubree melted back into her chair, letting the kiss deepen, but he pulled away after a minute to ask, "Does it make you feel gross?"
She shook her head. If she had found his kiss off-putting, she would've turned him down that night.
Matthew grinned, a twinkle in his eye. "As long as you're not grossed out, that's what counts. You've got to be a little selfish sometimes. What makes you happy is what matters. And let's be honest, I'm not bad to look at, come from a good family, got the height, and you've checked out my build. Plenty of wealthy folks would love a fling with someone like me. You're getting a good deal."
With that, he leaned back. "Aubree, you're single. You don't owe anyone an explanation for who you choose to be with. If you're always worried about that, isn't life just tiring? Besides, when you were with Andrew, didn't he have a fiancée? Why should the Clements family hold you to such high standards? Andrew's the one at fault. He had a fiancée but still strung you along."
Aubree didn't want to dig up the past, so she opened the car door to leave.
Matthew added, "Besides, wasn't your dad the one who died saving someone? They owe you a debt." Aubree froze, rendered silent.
Matthew's tone stayed casual. "The Clements family owes you, not the other way around."
Aubree didn't know much about her biological parents, with the Clements never bringing them up. She only knew she wasn't truly part of their family, her father somehow tied to the past, but the details were hazy. 
"Aubree, head inside. Get some rest."
She nodded, leaving without another word and went into the building. Matthew's car stayed parked for thirty minutes until he saw Andrew's car arrive.
From the moment he got in his Matthew had sensed someone
tailing him. His upbringing ha
sharpened his skills in avoiding surveillance. 
Stepping out of his car as Andrew did the same, they sized each other up from about three meters away.
Andrew approached first, swinging a punch.
They both had strength, but Matthew dodged and countered with a kick.
Under the dim streetlights, they exchanged blows, Matthew taking a punch to the lip, Andrew a kick to the gut, both staring each other down.
Matthew chuckled, wiping the blood
from his tip. "Come on, Uncle," he said, putting extra emphasis on 'Uncle to underscore Andrew's age, hinting he was too old for Aubree. 
en FindNovel
Andrew's gaze was icy. "You've been snooping around the Clements family."
The depth of the young man's scheming was far beyond what was visible, almost unfathomable.
###Chapter 1542
Matthew flashed another grin. "What's up? Can't a guy do a little investigating? Or maybe you know something about Aubree's folks that I don't? Maybe their 'accident' wasn't so accidental?" Andrew frowned, "What are you getting at?"
Seeing Andrew wasn't pretending, Matthew just scoffed and swung open the car door. "Nothing, really. I'm still digging. If there's any dirt, you and Aubree can forget about your future together." With that, Matthew hit the gas, and the car sped off. Left alone, Andrew didn't step towards Aubree's apartment complex. He'd moved out and didn't have the guts to show his face there again. Leaning against his car, he smoked one cigarette after another until dawn. Only then did he rub his tired eyes and plan to leave.
The next morning, just as Aubree was waking up, the doorbell rang. Almost instinctively, she thought it was Andrew. When he lived across the hall, he'd always come knocking at this hour. If she didn't answer, he'd let himself in with a spare key and start cooking. Aubree hesitated before opening the door, only to find Matthew standing there instead. He had brought food, packed in about seven or eight steaming boxes. Taken aback, Aubree stood there, stunned.
Matthew walked in and started unpacking the boxes. "You're about to start filming; you should really take care of yourself." Without lingering, he left as quickly as he'd come. If the food on the table hadn't still been warm, Aubree might have thought she'd imagined the whole thing.
Back at his place, Matthew started comparing recipes, asking the chef to teach him more. His fingers were covered in burns. When Casey and his wife, Pauline, came downstairs, they found Matthew still busy in the kitchen.
Casey couldn't help but feel a bit jealous. "Eighteen years, and I've never seen you cook for yourself."
Ignoring him, Matthew asked the chef, "She's got a stomach issue; should I add more of this?" "Master, dealing with a stomach ailment takes time. It's not just about adding more or less of something."
Matthew nodded and went back to chopping. Casey glanced at Pauline, who was sipping her coffee. Noticing his gaze, Pauline looked up and smiled, "Aren't you about to work with Aubree? What's she like?" 
Casey snorted, "Does it matter what I think? What matters is if Matt likes her."
Pauline chuckled, "I've seen Aubree's movies. She's about twenty-five, seven years older than Matt. When she finished grade school, Matt
wasn't even born. When she was in high school, Matt was still a kid." 
QUMS
Pauline raised an eyebrow, "Seems like everyone prefers someone younger, huh?"
Casey quickly put down his newspaper. "What's with the sarcasm? That actress, I have no idea what her deal was or how she got your number, but it was all nonsense. I've already reported it."
An actress had tried to seduce Casey. When he didn't bite, she somehow got Pauline's number and made outrageous claims about an affair, suggesting Pauline should divorce him.
Pauline smiled again, "If Matt wants to settle down, that's good. Saves him from globetrotting. We hardly see him."
Casey scoffed, "I'm just worried he's too young, not ready to commit. Aubree's twenty-five; she's not going to play house."
Just then, Matthew poked his head out of the kitchen. "Dad, didn't you write mom a love letter at seventeen, asking her to wait for you?"
Pauline quirked an eyebrow,
remembering something like that. Matthew stepped forward, "You figured things out at seventeen. Why can't go after true love at eighteen?
I0
I really like her. You might not
believe me now, but you'll see." 
Pauline set down her coffee cup. "I don't care if it's real or not, just remember: don't mess with a girl's feelings. Whether she's older or younger, that's no excuse."
###Chapter 1543
Matthew smirked and rolled his eyes. "Yeah, yeah, I got it," he muttered, slipping back into the kitchen.
Casey and Pauline were a power couple, each with their own thriving careers. Casey directed films, rarely getting involved in the daily grind of the company, leaving those responsibilities to Pauline, the CEO. Both were big names in the entertainment biz, so when they had a kid, everyone just assumed their child would follow suit. With a mom running an entertainment empire and a dad who was a world-class director, it seemed like a no-brainer.
But Matthew had other plans. He chose finance over the spotlight. After finishing his studies, he didn't jump into the family business. Instead, he teamed up with his friends to start a company, which was now on the verge of going public. He didn't grow up basking in his parents' glory; he paved his own way.
Pauline and Casey never criticized Matthew publicly. When it came to his choices, they gave him the freedom to figure things out, even if it took him years to learn from mistakes.
Their mornings were always a rush. After a quick breakfast and a peck at the door, Casey and Pauline headed off to seize the day, leaving Matthew to his latest obsession: cooking. After all, they say the way to someone's heart is through their stomach. Cooking was the last skill Matthew needed to master, and he was determined to nail it, convinced it would help him outshine any rival, especially those who were all show and no substance.
Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Aubree was just drying her hair when Brielle dropped by. The Clements family drama had likely made its rounds in Beaconsfield already.
Brielle came bearing gifts and added a splash of color to the living room with a bouquet. "How're you holding up?" she asked.
Aubree, hair now dry, gave a slow nod. Brielle sighed, searching for the right words. "Desiree's comments were really out of line."
Aubree couldn't help herself and leaned her head on Brielle's shoulder. "I've grown used to it. She's never liked me, and I always knew I was adopted by the Clements family, so I just kept my head down."
It wasn't just about keeping her head down; back then, Aubree was naive, always trailing after Andrew, thinking just being near him was enough.
Brielle gave her a comforting pat. "Why not return the Clements family's shares? My startup's doing great, and I can pay you back-double, even. You poured a lot into it, and I can match that."
Aubree was quiet for a while, then gave a wry smile. "It's not about the money with the Clements family.
They never treated me like one of their own. Desiree thought I was Andrew's fiancée since childhood, so when she found out I was with someone else, she flipped. 
Brielle hesitated, then asked, "Who was it?"
She was genuinely taken aback; Aubree hadn't let anyone in for so long, let alone share her space.
"Matthew. He's only eighteen."
Brielle paused, then quipped, "Is he easy on the eyes?"
Not everyone knew Matthew since he wasn't a celebrity.
Aubree nodded. "He's got this youthful energy, and being around him made me feel younger."
"Why not see where it goes with him?" Brielle suggested. Who said Aubree could only have feelings for Andrew? That seemed way too limiting. 
Why should women box themselves in like that? Aubree was single; she was free to explore relationships as long as she wasn't breaking up a family. 
But Aubree went quiet, her voice barely a whisper when she finally spoke. "Do I even deserve to be with someone else?"
Her question was so soft, Brielle almost missed it. But when she caught it, all she felt was a deep ache in her heart.
###Chapter 1544
Aubree knew exactly why she felt the way she did. Being with Andrew for almost seven years, ever since they were barely adults, was no small feat. Now, stepping back into the dating world was intimidating, and she couldn't help but feel a bit insecure.
Would anyone really accept her as she was? The guys who knew about her past? They'd probably have a field day with it.
"You've been with him for seven years, and now you think you can snag a younger, richer guy?" they'd say. "Breaking up after all this time is just like getting divorced. You're in the same league as a woman who's been married twice." Or, "Looking for some unsuspecting guy to take you on? Poor him. Does he even know you've been with someone else for that long?"
These kinds of judgments always seemed to land squarely on women, which was downright unfair.
"Aubree, being with Matthew means you've got a bigger hill to climb, with more gossip and judgment to face," Brielle had said. "But Matthew, he's still young. People can chalk up his interest in you to youthful whimsy. Even if it doesn't work out, it won't stick to him like it would to you. If you're ready to face all that, why not try something new? Sticking with Andrew means constantly doubting yourself. It's not just him; his whole family is against you."
Marriage isn't just about two people; it's about merging two families. And the Clements family? They were all against her, especially Desiree, who never missed a chance to badmouth her.
Even if she still had feelings for Andrew, marrying into such a hostile environment would be reckless. That's just love making you blind, and a family like that would only spell a life of misery.
Brielle suddenly crouched down, taking Aubree's hands. "Whether it's Matthew or someone else, I want you to take that leap. You're a star, a big celebrity. The ones who truly cherish you will see your brilliance and appreciate you, not tear you down. If a guy only brings you down, you really need to let him go."
Aubree looked at Brielle, a bittersweet smile crossing her face. "You and Matthew say the same thing."
Brielle paused, then sighed. "It's true. I've always believed you can't live on love alone."
They spent a long time together, even had dinner. But Brielle barely touched her food and ended up feeling queasy.
Aubree, concerned, asked, "You don't think you're pregnant, do you?"
"No way." But then she
remembered-two months ago, she and Max had been careless. She'd been tipsy and forgot to mention anything to him, and he must have forgotten too. 
Suddenly worried, she called Max.
twenty minutes, Max
In less
to get her. Even with demeanor, Aubree
see he was excited
Bet
belongs
As they left, Aubree waved goodbye, amazed at how Max, once so frosty, had become a doting partner.
In the car, Brielle was a bit annoyed. Max immediately started massaging her legs and shoulders. "What's wrong?"
Brielle pushed his hands away. "Why didn't you use protection last time?"
Max genuinely forgot and quickly kissed her hand in apology. "I really forgot."
Brielle eyed him suspiciously, but his face was sincere. So, she believed him.
They went to the hospital, and the doctor ran a test immediately. The results confirmed it: Brielle was pregnant.
Max was momentarily stunned, then
a wave of indescribable joy washed over him. Pregnant? They
finally going to have a baby!
belongs to en.FindNovelent
He wanted to rush to her but held back his excitement, approaching her with a bit more calm.
###Chapter 1545
"Babe, the doc said I'm pregnant."
Brielle had been over at Aubree's, trying to enjoy a meal when she first felt that something was off and suspected the news. Now, her face was a bit paler.
Max was quick to wrap her in warmth and concern, even offering to give her a piggyback ride out of the hospital. But Brielle just walked past him without a word. Max knew she was upset and quickly texted Isaac.
"Dude, your mom's expecting, but she's worried you might be bummed, so she's kinda freaking out."
Isaac read the message, his hand instinctively reaching for Little Noir, his stuffed toy. Two more Little Noirs sat in front of him. Why would he be upset about a baby? It'd mean a little buddy to play with, right?
He didn't have to wait long before Brielle and Max walked in. Brielle looked like she was carrying the weight of the world, while Max followed her like a guilty puppy.
Isaac felt a twinge of humility. If he ever got a girlfriend, he couldn't let himself be like this. He had to be the man of the house!
Isaac quickly made his way into the living room. Max was slicing up some fruit while Brielle sulked on the couch. She thought back to that night, tipsy and unable to resist. But Max had been sober, and he didn't use protection. Max brought over the fruit, showing a video on his phone. It showed her with a wine-flushed face and his voice in the background.
"Can we have another baby?"
Her hazy eyes met his. "Mhm, yeah, okay."
"Then no getting mad."
"I wouldn't dream of it."
Brielle was taken aback by the video and glanced at calm and collected Max. He had planned this all along!
Max finally spoke up. "We agreed, no anger."
Brielle found herself both annoyed and amused. His voice in the video was strained, yet he had the presence of mind to record it! Such a strategist.
She rubbed her temples. "I was worried about Isaac."
Before she could finish, Isaac had already joined them. "Dad said we're getting a little brother, happy."
Isaac's emotions were always a bit off, even now he spoke in bits and pieces, much like Max as a kid. But the sparkle in his eyes was genuine; he truly wanted a sibling.
Brielle's lips curved into a smile as she patted his head. Isaac blushed and then looked at Brielle's belly. "Mom, you okay?"
Brielle felt warmth spread through her. How did she end up with such a thoughtful son? "I'm fine, love. Just don't pick up your dad's habits."
Max, knowing he was in the
doghouse, started massaging her legs, then moved to her shoulders. Brielle relaxed under his care, letting the matter slide with a playful huff. 
Isaac watched their interaction, silently vowing never to be henpecked.
Meanwhile, Aubree had been in a daze since Brielle left, taking forever to pick up Casey's call about the
upcoming shoot and script memorization. Something about her night with Matthew made facing Casey unsettling. 
She cleared her throat, "Got the script down."
Casey nodded, "This role's a stretch, with the personality switch and all, but you've got this. Anything unclear, we'll hash it out on set."
After exchanging pleasantries,
Aubree hung up and headed to
Stellar Stage Entertainment to
discuss Ker schedule with her agent. Driving there, she ran into Julia the woman from the audition, who looked eerily like Tessa and was a thorn in Aubree's side. 
###Chapter 1546
Aubree knew she shouldn't let her feelings get all mixed up over a stranger. But there was Julia, chatting away with a smile that lit up her face, making her look even more like Tessa. Aubree's grip on the steering wheel tightened when she saw the man standing with Julia it was Andrew. The sight was like a punch to the gut, yanking her back to the past. She'd watched those two together more times than she cared to remember. Even though Andrew looked like he'd rather be anywhere else, his impatience barely contained, it still stung to see him. The blaring horns behind her jolted Aubree out of her thoughts, and she drove off. Andrew, meanwhile, was caught up in a minor fender bender with the woman's car. The road led to Aubree's place, and the delay was making him edgy. Seeing the woman's face made his stomach churn, and his irritation grew.
Julia, who'd been living abroad, wasn't up to speed with the new developments in Beaconsfield. After Andrew explained twice and she still didn't get it, his patience snapped. He got back in his car. "Someone will contact you about the damages. I've got things to do." "But Mr. Ni-" Julia began, but Andrew had already driven off. She pouted, glancing towards where Aubree had vanished, eyebrows slightly raised.
By then, Aubree had reached Stellar Stage Entertainment to hash out her schedule with her agent. Her phone rang-it was Andrew. He was outside her door, probably having rung the bell with no answer. Though he had a key, he hesitated to use it and called instead. Aubree stared at the flashing number, staying silent. On his third call, she blinked and picked up. "Andrew."
He meant to ask where she was, but the calmness in her voice unnerved him. It was too calm, like all the love and hate had just vanished. But could that even be, after all those years, after being childhood sweethearts?
Andrew glanced at the takeout in his hand before asking, "Where are you?"
"Stellar Stage Entertainment."
"I'll come over."
"No need." Aubree was exhausted, rubbing her temples. "Really, Andrew. Don't bother."
She hadn't said much, but it felt like she'd said it all. After a pause, Andrew asked, "So, you're saying...
you don't want me a
swnovel
The words hit him like a punch, leaving him breathless. Aubree wasn't doing much better. She thought she'd moved past
expectations, but her nerves felt like
they were on fire. 
She chuckled, but it soon turned into tears. It wasn't so much love for Andrew, but a reflex, a physical response.
Andrew sank slowly to the floor, his voice rough. "Aubree, you said you'd love me forever."
She had said that once, in her youthful bravado, thinking love could conquer all. Only after being hurt did she realize how naive she'd been.
She couldn't speak, as if her throat
was closed. She ended the call,
covering her face, her shoulders. shaking. Her agent, knowing her history with Andrew, stayed quiet. 
After half an hour, Aubree finally said, "Just send the schedule to my phone. I need to rest."
"Aubree, let me drive you."
Considering her state, driving wasn't the best idea, so she nodded. "Thanks. I'd appreciate it."
As she left, she ran into Keiran. He'd just wrapped up a film and was enjoying some downtime.
Recognizing Aubree, he greeted her, then, in his usual tactless way, asked, "Been crying? Was lunch too spicy?"
Aubree forced a smile, noticing Chase, always by Keiran's side, and marveled at how Chase managed to keep up with him.
###Chapter 1547
Keiran strolled into his lounge, casually shrugging off his suit jacket. He was undeniably attractive, though a bit forgetful and not always the best at picking up on others' feelings. Still, he had plenty of good qualities.
Chase watched him for a moment, then let out a deep sigh. "Keiran, I've been hanging around you for ages, and honestly, it feels like we've lost our spark."
Keiran's eyes flickered with confusion. Who knew friendships needed sparks? But what Chase really wanted was for Keiran to suggest something new to do together or maybe even deepen their bond.
Chase sighed again. "We're drifting apart, Keiran. Any ideas on how to spice things up?"
Keiran looked up, giving Chase a serious look before suddenly saying, "Alright, how about this?"
Chase's eyes brightened, leaning in with anticipation. "What if I play your grandpa on Monday, your dad on Tuesday, your brother on Wednesday, your grandson on Thursday, and from Friday to Sunday, we try out other roles? That way, there's always something fresh. What do you think?" Classic Keiran, always full of surprises. Chase nearly choked on his own breath. How could someone so good-looking come up with such a silly idea?
Chase didn't respond, just moved to sit down quietly. Keiran wasn't the type to coddle, so he focused back on his script.
Chase, restless and irritated on the couch, sent a text to Dustin. "Hey man, you're living the dream with your kids and loving wife, while I'm over here feeling like my heart's turning to stone."
Sticking around Keiran was making him feel increasingly bleak. Dustin, caught up in wedding preparations with Emma, wasn't paying much attention to their drama. Even Sarah and Raymond wouldn't approve of him getting involved.
Dustin replied briefly, "Only you could put up with that guy."
Keiran seemed emotionally untouchable. Feeling deflated, Chase leaned back, his gaze lingering on Keiran before blurting out, "Keiran, let's have a kid."
Maybe a child could bring them closer. Keiran, still engrossed in his script, replied casually, "Whose kid would give you one?"
"I mean, let's have one together."
"Together? Still, no one's giving you one."
Chase's eyelashes trembled as he took a deep breath. "Let's make a baby by, you know, sleeping together."
Keiran looked up, puzzled. "How does sleeping give you a baby? You think someone will hand you a baby for taking a nap?"
Chase felt like he was about to pass out, collapsing onto the couch. Seeing his friend's distress, Keiran set the script aside. "Chase, you okay?" Chase turned his head away, eyes reddening. "I'm fine. With our IQ, maybe it's best we don't have kids."
Realizing he might have upset him, Keiran thought of saying more but decided against it. His attempts at conversation always seemed to backfire. Chase, frustrated and heartbroken, grabbed a pillow and pretended to sleep. Keiran fetched a blanket and gently covered him.
Meanwhile, Aubree was about to

hop in her car when suddenly, a bucket of ink splashed over her, drenching her from head to toe in black even covering her face, making it hard to see. The ink stung her eyes, making her want to cry. 
In that instant, she caught sight of the culprit's car-it was from the Clements family. No doubt Desiree's doing. Aubree tried to wipe the ink off her face, but it only smeared more, especially as the sound of smartphone cameras clicking surrounded her. 
Her embarrassing moment was being captured, and with her current fame, she was bound to trend online again. Feeling helpless, she was about to give up when suddenly, a jacket was draped over her head. She recognized the scent; it was Andrew. 
###Chapter 1548
Andrew wrapped her tightly in his arms, making sure she was safely tucked into the car before speeding away. Aubree's eyes stung from the ink, and the chorus of smartphone cameras clicking around her only confirmed her suspicion: she looked a mess. Andrew didn't hesitate, driving straight to the hospital, worried that the black substance might contain something harmful. But Aubree just managed a weak smile. "It's the Clements family behind this, probably just regular ink to humiliate me. Andrew, if you keep showing up She felt trapped because it was all Desiree's doing. The entire Clements family had shown her kindness; Marissa even gave her shares in the family business. As someone brought up by the Clements but not related by blood, any sort of retaliation would come off as ungrateful.
like this, it'll only happen more often."
Andrew drove in silence, not saying a word. He took her back to her place and drew a warm bath for her. Aubree slipped into the tub, scrubbing the ink from her cheeks before soaking, turning the water pitch black. After draining it and taking a long shower, she finally felt clean. In her pajamas, she found Andrew on the phone, his face a storm of anger, likely talking to someone from the Clements family. Whatever was said hit him hard, making him tremble before slumping in defeat. Aubree guessed it was Desiree, probably using her health as leverage.
Even with his fiery temper, Andrew was the family's golden boy, loved and spoiled by everyone. Yet this affection felt like a burden, especially since they all disapproved of Aubree. Incidents like today's would keep happening, embarrassing her, now a public figure, in front of everyone. They knew she wouldn't retaliate, but it would hurt Andrew, pulling his focus from the Clements Corporation to his adopted sister instead.
Drying her hair, Aubree felt a strange sense of relief. Checking her phone, she wasn't surprised to see the ink-throwing incident trending, with rivals already spinning stories against her. Rumors flew about her stealing someone's man, about deliberate revenge. Even Andrew wasn't spared from speculation.
"Are they really siblings? Their relationship seems... off."
"I'm in the industry, let me tell you, they're not siblings. Andrew is into Aubree."
"But is that right? They've lived under the same roof for years."
Despite their adopted sibling status, public perception leaned towards scandal, and Aubree knew she'd be in the spotlight for criticism. Once Andrew hesitated to acknowledge their relationship, fearing the
backlash of a Clements heir falling for his sister. Now, Aubree couldn't afford to make it public either, not with her career and the inevitable rumors it would bring. 
Setting her phone aside, still displaying Twitter's trending topics with her name front and center, she spoke up. "Andrew, you see this? As long as we're together, this stuff is gonna keep happening. Every time I hit the trends, things I didn't even do will start to stick. I can't keep explaining myself." 
"Andrew, I'm about to start shooting. Maybe we should take a break, you know, cool off a bit. And don't visit the set-Mr. Casey runs a tight ship."
Andrew felt a wave of helplessness
wash over him. The moment he
chose to love Aubree, it seemed like the whole world, including his own family, was set against them
###Chapter 1549
His eyes turned red, and he pressed his lips together tightly. Then he asked, "What if I don't take up the Clements family heirship?" Aubree froze, almost thinking she had heard a joke. Then she laughed, but it had a bittersweet ring to it. "Who do you think should take over then?" Someone pulled out of nowhere? That was impossible. Suddenly, Aubree felt a lump in her throat. "You know? If you really step down as the Clements heir, I won't be happy. I'll always remember that you made this choice because of me. All the pressure would fall on me. Even your presence would constantly remind me that you gave up your position for me. But Andrew, I never asked you to do this." Tears welled up in her eyes, and she quickly wiped them away. "Don't you understand? After everything we've been through, getting back together would only bring endless pressure. I've been carrying the burden of sneaking around behind your fiancée's back for years. It's enough; I want to live a little more freely." Andrew looked at her intently, then asked, "What am I supposed to do?" Aubree was suddenly at a loss for words. She never thought there'd come a day when she'd want to let him go. Feeling drained and weary, she sank into the couch, her voice hoarse. "Look at us; every time we're together, we end up in these pointless arguments that lead nowhere. Every argument leaves me exhausted. When I was in love with you, seeing you made the whole world brighter." The look of love is hard to hide. Andrew knew this better than anyone. When Aubree used to look at him, joy would overflow from her eyes, even if his actions let her down time and again. But that love never faded. Yet, somewhere along the line, that brightness disappeared. She still cared for him, but it just wasn't the same. Her inability to let go was because they had known each other for so many years; it was impossible to treat him as a stranger now. At that moment, Andrew felt his chest burning with jealousy, the thought of being left behind making his words lash out uncontrollably. "So, who makes you feel no pressure? Matthew?! You think you can be with him? He's just eighteen; what does he know about love or liking someone? He knows nothing!" It's impossible for an eighteen-year-old to know who they'll spend their life with. Aubree opened her mouth to argue but found no words. Because it was pointless. She lowered her eyes. "Please leave." She needed some peace. Andrew stood there, frozen, then suddenly stepped forward, pressing her into the couch, and kissed her. But instead of surprise, Aubree felt panic and even tried to pull away. Yet Andrew, relentless, gripped her neck, forcing her to look up, and kissed her fiercely. The kiss lasted for what felt like an eternity, filled with desperation. After letting her go, he moved to her neck, his other hand starting to remove her pants. It had been too long since they'd been close, and he missed her intensely. But then he heard Aubree retching. She pushed him away, grabbed a nearby trash can, and wished she could vomit out all the bile in her stomach. She was shaking, the cold dread feeling like it was eating her alive. Andrew was taken aback by her strong reaction, quickly grabbing some water, patting her back, and helping her drink. Aubree vomited for a solid three minutes, looking pale and utterly drained. Andrew's fingertips started trembling, "Are you okay? Let me take you to a doctor." After a while, Aubree, with tired eyes and a face full of fatigue, said, "Andrew, please, let's just let each other go." Andrew froze, feeling as if his entire body was being pricked with needles, the pain so intense he almost wanted to collapse. The corners of Aubree's eyes were damp from vomiting. But Andrew just got up, his voice even more hoarse. "Aubree, I'll wait for you right here." Because that was all he could do. Aubree didn't respond, collapsing onto the couch, feeling miserable all over. Loving him had cost her so many years of her youth and health. And it was enough.
###Chapter 1550
After Andrew left, his phone buzzed.
"Mr. Clements, we've got some news. That guy's company is about to go public. There's a play for us here."
Taking a company public is a crucial time, and that guy's been hanging around Aubree like a bad penny.
Andrew had an epiphany; he couldn't just sit on the sidelines anymore. If someone was trying to take what was his, he had to fight to protect it.
He needed to get Matthew out of Beaconsfield. If Matthew's company hit some bumps, he'd surely have to leave town.
A steely determination flashed in Andrew's eyes.
"Let's do it."
After hashing out some plans, the call ended.
Sitting in his car, Andrew was hit by a wave of exhaustion.
But then he remembered that kiss with Aubree. He couldn't help but touch his lips, a small smile playing on his face.
Yet, the memory of her getting sick afterward wiped the smile away, leaving a pang of hurt.
Just then, Jaired called, inviting him for a drink. With his mind in a whirl, Andrew decided to join.
When he arrived, the place was buzzing. Bryan, Ricardo, and even Joseph were there.
Joseph found Beaconsfield pretty dull. He'd been waiting for his boss, King, to return, but nothing yet.
Tired of Patrick, the scheming eunuch, flaunting his newfound power, Joseph started hanging with this crew and was now less eager to head back to North America.
Back in the day with King, his life had been all about fights and feuds, not much room for friendships.
Now, with these new pals, he never missed a drinking session.
Jaired, being single and with time on his hands, was the most carefree of the group. Bryan was busy with Irene and the kids, Ricardo had filming, and Joseph occasionally had to go back to deal with Patrick. But Jaired? He spent his days organizing get-togethers. Every time they drank, Jaired would vent about Dustin.
"That guy's something else, right? Told me he'd stay single with me, then boom-he's got a son and a daughter."
As Jaired ranted, a sense of injustice simmered within him.
Why should North America's most eligible bachelor settle down? "You guys get his wedding invite?"
Everyone nodded, and Jaired felt even more out of sorts.
"What about your sister, Kailee, Joseph? Think we could hit it off?"
Joseph rolled his eyes. "You're too late. Someone's already snagged her."
Jaired had once traveled to Africa with Max and got to know Joseph, hearing all about his sweet but gullible sister.
Not knowing his own type, Jaired
had
girl like Kailee would.
easy
trustinght maybe a simple, to manage, like a port belongs to en.kikisto
But now that she was taken, he was gutted, especially since he had to cook for Irene's family, adding to his frustration.
"So, even the na?ve girl's off the market, huh? Surprised she's not worried about getting played."
Joseph shot him another dismissive look. "Her fiancé's solid. Works in a research institute, comes from a top medical equipment family in North America. Other than his taste in women, I got no beef with him." 
Jaired downed his drink, feeling the sting of missed chances.
He turned to Andrew, finding a bit of comfort.
"At least if you all tie the knot, I'll still have Andrew to hang with."
Already fuming, Andrew retorted, "Get lost."
Jaired chuckled, unfazed. "Hit a nerve? Heard about the drama at the party, Aubree getting around."
Tension spiked, and Joseph and
Bryan
the stepped in to diffuse
the situation, with Bryan even forcing a bottle of liquor down
Jaired's throat. 
Not a friendly gesture, more like a silencer, leaving everyone else in shock at Jaired's potential peril.
"Ugh, cough, cough!"
Jaired sputtered, the booze hitting him like a truck, leaving him dazed.
Bryan, looking apologetic, set the bottle aside and gave Andrew a sheepish glance.
"Sorry about that. Just ignore him, alright? He's talking nonsense."
###Chapter 1551
Bryan was the undisputed champ in the room. The gang, always itching for some action, had nudged him into a showdown with Ricardo, rumor had it that Ricardo was the top hitman on the block.
Ricardo, with his boyish charm and killer instincts, seemed too good to be true, making everyone a bit skeptical. And word was, Bryan had been working the hitman gig on the side too. So, when these two heavyweights were set to face off, everyone was on the edge of their seats. Besides their usual nights out, Jaired's place had this massive fight room where they'd occasionally throw down in some freestyle matches. Bryan and Ricardo had already gone head-to-head, with Bryan edging out Ricardo by just a bit. Naturally, that left Bryan as the reigning champ.
Jaired, though tough in his own right, just couldn't top Bryan, probably due to some old family feud. Like that one time when Bryan knocked him out cold with just a bottle of whiskey. Bryan chuckled, apologizing as he lifted Jaired off the couch.
"I'll get this guy home," he said with a grin, while the others just shook their heads, used to this routine.
Once Bryan and Jaired were out, the room buzzed again with fresh rounds of beer. Andrew, having a rough patch lately, hit the drinks hard. In the end, his assistant had to haul him back to his mansion, where he ended up in the bathroom, trying to shake off the night. "Did you handle that situation with Matthew's company?" he asked between breaths.
"All sorted. Matthew's likely heading out of town by morning," the assistant replied.
Andrew, feeling the room spin, crashed on the couch. His assistant covered him up before leaving him alone with his thoughts. Alone, Andrew felt the weight of solitude, his mind drifting back to the days with Aubree when life felt adot warmer. 
Even after a night with friends, loneliness crept in, tears welling up as he hugged a throw pillow, finding a bit of comfort amidst the ever-present nausea.
The next morning, Matthew was fielding a call about some sabotage aimed at messing with his company's IPO. His gut told him Andrew was behind it.
Tired of playing defense, Matthew decided to make a move. He called Julia, instructing her to stir up some trouble between Andrew and Aubree, but to be careful about it. 
"There's a role in my dad's next film if you pull this off," Matthew teased, ensuring Julia's cooperation.
With everything set, Matthew spent
his remaining hours doting on Aubree cherishing their time together even as he prepared to leave, already feeling the ache of missing her. en FindNovel
###Chapter 1552
But it wasn't about clinging to Aubree; it was more about letting her know that she mattered too.
Truth be told, Matthew was pretty self-sufficient. He'd spent most of his life flying solo, moving from place to place, never really learning to lean on anyone.
After dropping off some food for Aubree, he wrapped her in a warm embrace.
"What's up? You look like you've had better days."
Aubree had spent the night tossing and turning, her face giving away her sleepless struggle.
Matthew nestled his face in the crook of her neck, taking in her comforting scent. "I've got to head overseas for a bit. There's a hiccup at work that needs sorting out. Might take a week to get back, and by then, you'll probably be knee-deep in filming. I wonder if Casey would let me swing by the set."
His voice carried a hint of longing.
Mentioning Casey made Aubree's heart skip a beat, a wave of guilt washing over her.
"Maybe it's best if you don't," she replied.
Matthew looked up at her, needing to stoop to keep his head against her. He resembled a big, lovable dog with his gestures.
"Why, you embarrassed by me?"
That hadn't even crossed Aubree's mind until he said it.
But then, with all seriousness, Matthew added, "You do know I'm trying to win you over, right?"
Aubree stiffened, awkwardly looking away.
Letting her go, Matthew said, "Even if I'm on the other side of the world, I'll keep practicing my cooking. And don't forget to eat well while I'm gone."
Just as he finished, his phone buzzed with a reminder to head to the airport.
He lingered at the door, casting one last glance her way, filled with reluctance and affection.
"We won't see each other for a week, Aubree. Can I sneak a kiss before I leave?"
The memory of the previous night with Andrew flashed through Aubree's mind, freezing her in place.
Then Matthew chuckled, "Just messing with you. Go enjoy your meal. I'll bring back something nice for you."
Aubree finally managed to smile as he left.
Once in his car, Matthew dug out Andrew's number from memory. He had a gut feeling Andrew had done something to upset Aubree, judging by her reaction. 
Annoyance bubbled within him, wishing Julia would hurry up and whisk Andrew away!
The day after Matthew left, Aubree joined the film crew.
Casey ran a tight ship. On day one, everyone got their room assignment, and the internet was off-limits until filming wrapped up. Whenever Aubree saw Casey, she felt a wave of unease.
Surprisingly, from her first scene, she nailed it.
Thoughts of the vast American plains seemed to elevate her performance, a feeling unlike any she'd experienced before.
It was as if she'd rediscovered her soul.
After the scene, Casey called her out.
In front of everyone, he paused the playback on one of her subtle expressions. "You could refine this a bit more This character represents freedom, defiance, and redemption to the protagonist. When she appears, your expression needs to be more resolute." 
Setting the script aside, Casey continued, "I've seen your other films; you've been relying on raw talent rather than pouring your sout into the roles. There's a big difference. Talent can make you a good actor, but acting with your soul makes the audience believe. That's When you become an artist. Many spend their careers as actors without ever becoming true artists." 
Aubree's heart raced, her earlier realization solidified by Casey's guidance.
"Thank you, Mr. Casey. I get it now," she said, her excitement evident.
But then Casey added, "It's six in the evening. Time for dinner. Matt made me promise to remind you."
Aubree froze, her cheeks flushing with a mix of surprise and embarrassment.
The crew exchanged glances, all aware of the connection between Casey and his son, Matthew.
###Chapter 1553
Casey was so brazen, you could say he was practically flaunting it. After dropping that bombshell, he just went back to his script, like he hadn't just said something totally outrageous.
Aubree felt like she was in a fog, caught up in a strange vibe. Imagine a world-famous director, fully aware that his just-turned-legal son is mixed up with an actress, and instead of shutting it down, he gives her a nudge on his son's behalf. When Aubree got back to her seat, she was still trying to process it all. Then her phone buzzed-it was Matthew calling.
"Aubree, have you eaten dinner yet?"
She replied, "Just about to."
"I tried calling earlier but couldn't get through. Were you filming? I asked my dad to remind you, not sure if he did."
"Mr. Casey did mention it."
"Good to hear."
Holding the phone, Aubree suddenly felt tongue-tied, although her mind was racing.
Did Mr. Casey know about her and Matthew? Did he think she was robbing the cradle? But she couldn't bring herself to say any of it.
Matthew also went quiet for a moment before asking, "Did my dad give you a hard time? That old fossil!"
He grumbled a bit.
"No, Mr. Casey just reminded me to eat, nothing else," Aubree quickly reassured him.
Matthew sighed with relief. Thank goodness his dad hadn't messed things up. If he had, risking his chance with her, Matthew would've sworn off going home forever.
"Make sure you eat well. I might be stuck here for a week; hit a bit of trouble."
Aubree wanted to ask if it was serious, but knowing she couldn't help, she just hung up.
After wrapping up the day's shoot, sure enough, people began nosing around about her and Matthew.
"Aubree, isn't Mr. Casey's son pretty young?"
"Yeah, are you into younger guys? Can't see Mr. Casey being cool with that."
"Was Mr. Casey warning you earlier?"
In the entertainment world, real friends are rare. Plus, with her ties to the Clements family, Aubree was somewhat of an insider, so most stars didn't bother mingling with her. But with a young man involved, curiosity was piqued.
Aubree brushed off the questions and retreated to her trailer. Back home, she got an unexpected dessert delivery from the hotel.
"Miss Aubree, it's low-sugar, so you won't gain weight."
The fancy dessert sat on the coffee table as Aubree eyed her phone, which inevitably rang-it was Matthew again.
"Did you get the dessert? I had the chef make it low-sugar, with a bit of his own sleep aid mix. You should sleep well, I know you've struggled with that."
Aubree didn't want to owe him, especially accepting his kindness like this. If she wasn't interested, she should've made it clear from the start. "Matthew, I-"
"Aubree, you're always stuck in the past. How can anyone love you like that? Just give me a chance, I'm a better fit for you than Andrew." Matthew stared at his computer screen, his eyes sore from a long day.
"I found something about your parents, but Rm afraid the truth might be too much for you. I wanted to force you to give up on Andrew but I couldn't. I'm not that great. Knowing you weren't happy with him, I should've stepped in sooner." 
Aubree held her breath, clutching the phone. She was suddenly unsure of his intentions. Had they met before? But she couldn't recall.
"Aubree, will you still be with
Andrew? The Clements family doesn't like you, and he's stuck
between you and their affection. No
matter how strong love is, it fades over time. Before he figures out
where his loyalties lie, could you give
me a chance, even if it's just a trial run?" 
Aubree, who seemed so carefree, was actually the softest at heart. It's just that, until now, all her soft spots were reserved for Andrew.
###Chapter 1554
She started to say no right away, but her thoughts drifted to the wide open American prairies, the distant wolf howls at night, and the rush of youthful energy from those memories. Her cheeks warmed up, leaving her unsure of her decision.
Then Matthew said, "Take your time. Let me know your decision when I'm back."
Some things are just too hard to say face-to-face. It's like when couples argue over texts, making it seem like the end of the world, but a hug in person could fix everything. Yet they still choose to shout through their screens. "Alright."
After the call, Aubree found herself staring at the dessert on her coffee table. Sweets weren't her thing, especially since she had to stay in shape as a celebrity. She didn't open it and instead, on a whim, put it in the fridge, unsure of how it would be in the morning but hoping it wouldn't spoil.
Thinking she'd be up all night, she was surprised when she fell asleep quickly. But in the middle of the night, she woke to voices outside her window.
At first, she thought it was a dream, but the voices grew louder. She shot up, glimpsing a shadow move past her window. Terrified, she locked her door and double-checked the window locks.
Back in bed, she was trembling, unsure if it was all a dream or reality. She kept her eyes on the window all night, but as daylight broke, nobody had come in, and her back was slick with cold sweat.
The villa had excellent security, so she reached out to management to check the surveillance footage. Soon, the video was on her phone.
There really had been two sketchy figures sneaking around last night. Her face turned pale with fear, and she didn't know who to call. She needed someone with her, preferably a guy.
It just so happened she was chatting with Matthew on WhatsApp and casually mentioned what happened. She wondered if it was some crazy fan and realized she wouldn't be getting any sleep tonight.
Aubree should've been resting at the
house set up by the film crew, but she'd been in such a good mood that she finished three days of filming ahead of schedule. Casey gave her a day off, not expecting this kind of drama. 
She'd already called the police, but being a public figure meant this kind of news would spread fast online. After the police left, she was surprised by a knock at her door. 
"Ricardo?" she exclaimed.
"Aubree."
Ricardo stood there with a suitcase. "Someone hired me to be your bodyguard for a few days, to keep an eye on the place."
Aubree was shocked and listened as
Ricardo explained who he was. She
had no idea this actor she had
worked with, someone she got along with, was actually a hitman? 
In a daze, she finally asked, "So, this kind of work really exists?"
Ricardo, as he tidied his clothes and smoothly pulled out a dagger, assured her, "Don't worry. With me here, no one's going to harm you."
"Was it Matthew who sent you?"
Ricardo nodded. "Mr. Matthew has hired me for jobs abroad before. He's not as simple as he seems."
The jobs Ricardo hinted at involved taking lives. As Ricardo said, Matthew wasn't that innocent.
Aubree fell silent, starting to wonder if Matthew knew about the incident. If Matthew and Ricardo were acquainted, then Ricardo was there when it happened.
###Chapter 1555
Ricardo was waiting on a reply from Aubree, but when he glanced up, he saw her trembling from head to toe.
"Aubree, what's up?" he asked, concerned.
Aubree took a step back, her face as pale as a ghost.
It seemed Ricardo had just recalled something crucial, and he rushed to explain. "About that thing, Mr. Matthew's out of the loop. In our line of work, it's all about the cash; we barely even see our clients face-to-face. He sent me over because he knows I can hold my own, even if it's twenty against one. So, until he's back, I'll be crashing here, okay?"
He pointed to the couch. "You cool with me taking the couch, Aubree?"
Aubree seemed to relax a bit, "No need for the couch. This place has more rooms than I know what to do with."
Ricardo shook his head, a grin spreading across his face. "I'd rather stay here, closer to you. If anything goes down, I'll know right away. Don't worry about me. I'm on a break from filming, got a week off. Once Mr. Matthew's back, I'm out of here. Plus, he's already paid me, so don't stress about that. Just focus on getting your beauty sleep."
Maybe because Ricardo had seen her at rock bottom, Aubree felt incredibly safe with him around. She shot a quick text to Matthew.
Ricardo's here. Turns out he's a hitman. I feel a lot safer now.
Matthew always replied at lightning speed, never more than thirty seconds, making Aubree wonder if he was glued to his phone.
In reality, Matthew was swamped, hadn't eaten all day, and hadn't left his office chair. He didn't want Aubree to feel like she was waiting for him, like she once did for Andrew. He was determined never to put her through that again.
Aubree spent a day at home, then headed back to the set. Her acting was on fire lately, even Casey couldn't stop praising her. Each time she came home to crash, Ricardo was always there waiting.
To Aubree, Ricardo was like a little brother. He wasn't much of a talker, spending his days fiddling with knives and guns, or practicing boxing in the garden when he was bored.
This made Aubree feel even more at ease.
A few days later, with Matthew returning the next day and Ricardo set to leave, Aubree, caught up in her busy schedule, decided to treat Ricardo to dinner as a thank you.
"I booked us a spot at a restaurant. Let's grab dinner tonight, my treat."
Ricardo didn't play coy.
But when they rani
ay into Andrew in the h andey got to the restaurant, s to en.kikistorie way,
was with Julia.
Seeing her, Aubree's expression shifted, and she instinctively looked away.
Julia didn't acknowledge her either, instead chatting sweetly with Andrew.
"Mr. Clements, it's all set then."
Andrew was annoyed, having not expected to see someone so much
like Tessa tonight. What 
But when he spotted Aubree, his eyes lit up. "Aubree."
Suuck.
Aubree ignored him, simply walking past.
Andrew quickly followed, "Aren't
tied up
with the set? How do y
for dinner tonight?
tang?" t
His tone was almost pleading, trailing behind her.
Aubree stopped, taking a deep breath. "Tonight's for Ricardo, sorry."
Andrew then looked at Ricardo.
you
I
Ricardo, who'd recently been sharing drinks with Andrew, found it tough to turn him down flat.
He just played it cool, staying silent.
###Chapter 1556
Andrew stood his ground, refusing to budge, especially with Julia lingering around like an unwanted shadow. "Mr. Clements, not heading out?" she nudged. Andrew's eyes narrowed. "Aubree, I've got nothing to do with this woman. I ran into her by sheer chance tonight. She's got the nerve of a telemarketer, just won't let go." Frustrated, he signaled his bodyguard to usher Julia away.
Finally, with that face out of sight, Aubree breathed a sigh of relief and pushed open a nearby door. Andrew, wary of overstepping, took his place by the door like a sentry. Feeling a pang of guilt because Andrew was, after all, a friend, Ricardo wolfed down his meal. What was supposed to be a leisurely hour-long dinner took him just ten minutes. "Aubree, I'm all set," he said.
Understanding his intentions, Aubree didn't press him. "All done? Let's get going, then."
"Aubree, maybe take some food to-go. You haven't eaten, and we don't want your stomach acting up again."
To be honest, Aubree wasn't hungry at all. Her eyes kept drifting to Andrew, who stood resolute by the door, looking a bit lost.
As they prepared to leave, Andrew trailed behind quietly.
Aubree finally found the courage to speak, "Andrew, I've decided to be with Matthew."
An audible silence followed, heavy and still.
Andrew flinched, his fingers clenching into a tight fist before slowly loosening.
Aubree bit her lip, avoiding his gaze. "I'm sorry, but I think it's time to move on. Life's pretty good for me right now."
Her words suggested that life would be even better without him, a cutting blow straight to Andrew's heart.
Speechless, all he wanted was a cigarette to soothe the itch in his throat.
After saying her piece, Aubree got into the car. Ricardo was behind the wheel.
Andrew remained rooted, watching as the con pulled away, feeling as
though it was taking Aubree out of
his life for good. 
MS
He took a step forward in a futile gesture, then fumbled with a cigarette, his hands shaking uncontrollably. The biting wind chilled him to the bone.
In no state to drive, he thought of
calling Jaired. His vision blurred, likely from tears, and it took him about five minutes to al 
Despite Jaired's past mockery, he was always there for Andrew when it mattered. Soon enough, Jaired showed up to take him home.
Having never truly loved someone, Jaired was startled to see Andrew crying by the car. "Man, stop crying. You look awful. I've got the drinks ready. We'll drown it out. Oh, and I texted Max. He's coming too 
Max, despite his cool demeanor, was big on friendship.
Andrew stayed quiet during the ride, and they eventually pulled up to Jaired's place.
As he got out, Andrew stumbled, scraping his face.
Jaired's heart skipped a beat, and he rushed to help him up. "You good?"
Andrew shook his head, wanting to say he was okay, but words failed him.
Inside, the coffee table was already stocked with bottles of liquor.
Max arrived not long after, having told Brielle he was spending the night with Andrew.
Brielle, recalling her last chat with Aubree, understood that Aubree had finally made her decision. Maybe it was for the best.
###Chapter 1557
Max walked in to find Andrew looking like a shadow of his former self, just slumped on the couch, staring blankly as if the world around him had ceased to exist.
Meanwhile, Jaired, that goofball, was casually cracking open a beer right next to him.
"Hey, man. It'll be alright. Try to shake it off."
Over the past few days, Jaired had done some digging and discovered that Aubree was now seeing some 18-year-old kid.
Eighteen? Seriously?
Aubree was seven years older than him.
"Andrew, come on, pull yourself together. Even if those two have got something going on, who's to say this Matthew kid won't wake up one day and call it quits? Maybe they're just testing the waters." Andrew's lips quivered, and suddenly, he buried his face in his hands, his shoulders shaking slightly.
He didn't want Jaired and Max to see him like this.
He felt like he had brought this upon himself.
Jaired glanced over at Max, lost for words.
Max felt helpless too. When it came to affairs of the heart, there was only so much an outsider could do.
He gave Andrew's shoulder a reassuring pat.
Back when Andrew had taken Aubree for granted, Max had a feeling this day would come.
Life has a way of coming full circle. The pain Aubree felt because of him was now his to endure.
Truth be told, Max had a good feeling about Matthew.
Brielle, worried about Aubree, had asked him to look into Matthew's background.
Max had uncovered the whole truth. Even at eighteen, Matthew had life experience that rivaled someone in their thirties or forties.
Most importantly, he came from a loving family, which was something many people longed for.
Aubree being with Matthew wouldn't face any pushback from Casey and Pauline. Their love for their son was clear in their willingness to let him choose his own path. Such parenting was rare back home.
Matthew was a lucky kid. And he wasn't someone you could easily push around.
On the flip side, Andrew had a family that kept butting into his relationship with Aubree. Desiree couldn't stand Aubree, and the rest of the family wasn't any more welcomingo 
en FindNovel
SWI
Andrew's love couldn't mend the wounds his family had caused. Every time Aubree visited the Clements, she faced a wall of disapproval.
Being an only child, Andrew was the
apple of his family's eye. He couldn't bring himself to cut ties with them for Aubree without feeling guilty. 
In terms of loving Aubree, he didn't lose. But when it came to family, he was at a significant disadvantage.
Any woman with a bit of sense would know how to choose.
If a man's whole family was against you, marrying into that family was like signing up for a life of misery.
It seemed like there was no future for Andrew and Aubree.
Unless, as Jaired suggested, something went wrong between Aubree and Matthew later on.
Andrew didn't drink. He just sat there, crying into his hands.
Jaired lost his taste for beer too. He'd seen his buddy struggle with love, trudging through the messy world of romance, and he decided he was better off without that kind of beartache. 
Love was a painful game he didn't want to play.
Andrew cried through most of the night, eventually falling asleep.
Max didn't leave either, idly twirling his drink, not really drinking it.
Dawn broke, but Andrew refused to face the new day.
Meanwhile, Aubree was still on set, but she perked up when she got a call from Matthew, who was planning to fly in that evening.
His upcoming arrival gave her a sense of comfort she couldn't quite put into words.
They still had two months of filming left, and soon they'd be leaving Beaconsfield.
She was looking forward to having dinner with Matthew that night.
As she was about to head out to pick Matthew up from the airport, Casey called her over.
Aubree instantly knew this was going to be about Matthew.
Feeling a bit apprehensive, she followed Casey to his office.
Casey wasn't much of a drinker; he preferred brewing goji berry tea whenever he was on set.
Now, sitting in his chair, he glanced at Aubree and said, "Matt's coming back today."
###Chapter 1558
Aubree was on edge, especially after the whole fiasco with the Clements family. Meeting her boyfriend's family now felt like a hurdle she wasn't ready to jump over.
"Aubree, there's something different about you these days. Your performances have a depth to them. Someone's clearly had a big impact on you. If that someone is my son, he should count himself lucky. My wife has already warned him-he better not break any hearts, regardless of age. We all know Matt; he might come off as laid-back, but he's actually quite determined and has a mind of his own."
"But love is a two-way street. My wife and I want Matt to find his path, but we don't want him getting hurt. He's never been in a relationship, so I'm asking you, even if you decide he's not the one, let him down easy. If you accept him, you're always welcome in our family." Aubree couldn't find the words, her fingers tightly clutching her purse.
Say thank you?
That seemed too simple.
Matthew had rocked her world in a way she never thought possible. And Casey's words resonated deeply with her.
Casey wasn't looking for gratitude, brushing it off casually.
"That kid should be here any minute. You better go."
Aubree opened and closed her mouth before finally saying, "Mr. Casey, thank you."
Casey continued sipping his tea, nodding in acknowledgment.
On the drive to the airport, Aubree's mind was a whirlwind.
As soon as she spotted Matthew with headphones draped around his neck, her heart skipped a beat.
Matthew's eyes lit up when he saw her, and he came over with a big grin.
"Aubree!"
His eyes sparkled as he hugged her and spun her around. "Did you miss me?"
Aubree, now a public figure, was in ё full disguise, cautious of any lurking paparazzi. She playfully tapped his shoulder, asking, "All sorted overseas?" 
"It was complicated, but we managed. The launch is pushed to next month, though."
Hearing it was sorted, Aubree felt a wave of relief as Matthew took her hand and led them outside.
"Let's get out of here before the reporters catch on."
She nodded, and they made their way to the car.
Matthew, weary from his travels and the jet lag, naturally slid into the driver's seat. Aubree mentioned she had made dinner reservations.
"Could we just head to your place? I'm wiped out."
Just seeing her made him long for a restful sleep.
Aubree nodded, gently nudging him to the passenger seat. "I'll drive. You look exhausted."
Once they got to Aubree's place,
Matthew headed straight for the et
shower, then emerged and wrapped Aubree in his arms, falling asleep almost immediately. 
Aubree, feeling sleepy herself, soon followed him into dreamland.
In the middle of the night, she tensed as a hand wandered across her chest. Startled, she opened her eyes relaxing when she realized it was him. 
Lying next to Matthew always brought back memories of that night under the stars, the vast sky above, surrounded by the wilderness.
Any unease melted away, and she shifted, finding a more comfortable spot to continue her sleep.
Matthew's wandering hand was just a sleepy, instinctive gesture, typical of a man's midnight dreaming.
###Chapter 1559
The next morning, the aroma of breakfast coaxed Aubree from her slumber. Matthew, donning an apron, was busy in the kitchen.
Aubree glanced at the clock and realized she was running late. In a fluster, she grabbed her bag and headed for the door, only to be gently stopped by Matthew.
"I called your dad and got you the morning off. You can head in by noon. But first, let's eat."
"Mr. Casey actually agreed to that?"
"Yeah, with the condition you're there by noon-and he told me not to cause any trouble."
Considering it was Matthew's first night back and she was already late, anyone might assume there'd been some mischief the night before. But, truth be told, nothing had happened between them.
Matthew brought breakfast to the table.
"Let's eat."
With a sigh, Aubree returned to her seat.
Matthew served her a bowl of soup and busied himself with trimming the roses he'd bought, placing the vase on the windowsill where a sunbeam lit them just right.
As Aubree cut into the perfectly cooked steak, a cozy feeling washed over her. It was like they were a couple settling into a routine.
Matthew joined her at the table, noticing her lost in thought, and raised an eyebrow.
"Sorry if my cooking's off. I was too swamped abroad to experiment, so I had to stick to recipes."
"It's not that," Aubree said, glancing at her plate. "It's just been so long since I felt this calm."
"Aubree, if you want, I can make sure you always have days this peaceful."
His words hung in the air, and a hush fell over the room.
After a pause, Aubree replied, "I'm just afraid you'll regret it."
Matthew then pulled out a photograph, one where he was seven, and she was fourteen.
At the sight, Aubree's utensils slipped from her hands. She
remembered the boy in the picture At fourteen, she'd bravely intervened
in a kidnapping, saving a
well-dressed kid from danger. Her
quick thinking led the police resolve the case swiftly, averting
what could have been a tragedy.
As she held the photograph, memories surged back. She recalled being praised by the police, the big red flower pinned to her chest, and the boy, Matthew, tearfully thanking her.
But the Clements family hadn't acknowledged her actions. They wanted her to keep a low profile, so the incident faded from her mind.
Seeing the timid boy in the photo, clinging to her, surrounded by police, was a shock.
"I wasn't acting on a whim. I've been planning this for a long time. But you were always in love with Andrew, and I thought you two would be happy. So, I kept my distance," Matthew admitted. FindNovel
Suddenly, the steak in front of him seemed unappetizing.
"Aubree, I stayed away until I turned eighteen because I was scared you'd still see me as that crying kid. Growing from a boy to a man takes time, and I wasn't sure if I was on е
the right track. But I wanted to protect you from getting hurt again. After my eighteenth birthday, I came looking for you. Please, see me as a man now." 
###Chapter 1560
Aubree had always seen Andrew as her beacon, the light that found her in that dark wine cellar where their paths first crossed. But maybe that light was just her own feelings reflecting back at her. Now, that light had faded, and their love had withered.
What she hadn't realized was that she, too, could be someone else's guiding light.
Growing up in the Clements family, Aubree always felt like the odd one out, the unwanted child. She clung to Andrew with everything she had, hoping to find her place.
But Andrew didn't need her, and in her desperation, she set aside her pride to stay by his side for far too long.
Now, standing in front of Matthew, she was at a loss for words.
The recent whirlwind of emotions left her reeling.
Matthew looked down, his lashes casting soft shadows on his cheeks. "After I got rescued, something clicked for me. I'd stare at the clock on the wall, willing it to move faster, just so I could grow up and be with you."
"When I was fourteen, I tried to approach you, but you were always by Andrew's side, looking at him with such intensity. I knew I didn't stand a chance. So, I went to the American prairies, hoping the freedom and wildness would help me forget."
"But I couldn't. When I heard you and Andrew were having problems, I wanted to rush to you. But I was only seventeen, still a kid. I knew confessing then would ruin any chance of even being friends. So I waited, and when I finally turned eighteen, it seemed like you'd closed your heart."
"Aubree, why am I always a step behind?" Matthew's voice broke, his eyes glistening with unshed tears, a rare vulnerability.
Aubree felt a sharp pang in her chest-a feeling she'd only ever associated with Andrew. But now, it was overwhelming.
She tried to speak but couldn't find the words. Instead, she got up and hugged him tightly.
"Let's give it a shot," she said softly.
Matthew froze, then his face lit up like a sky full of stars.
"Really?"
Aubree nodded firmly. "Really."
She never quite understood why things with Matthew moved so fast. That night they shared was eye-opening, not just because of the physical connection, but because he made her feel needed and cherished, something she never experienced with Andrew. 
Overcome with emotion, Matthew
hugged her fiercely and kissed her deeply. After a while, he scooped her up and carried her to the bedroom. 
Aubree knew what he wanted, but as she glanced at the clock, she gently pushed him away, breathless. If we keep this up, I'll be late. Mr. Casey is no joke when he's mad." 
"And no marks, please," she added quickly.
Matthew paused, his eyes a mix of frustration and yearning. He was visibly holding back, a sheen of sweat on his forehead.
He grabbed her hand and placed it on him, his voice a mix of pleading and need. "Then help me out here."
Aubree blushed as he rested his chin on her shoulder, her hand moving instinctively.
But as he lingered, she grew anxious. "If we don't wrap this up, I'm going to be late."
"Aubree, say something," he urged.
"What do you want me to say?"
"Something... spicy."
###Chapter 1561
Aubree felt the electrifying energy of the young man beside her, his breath hot and heavy on her shoulder, still trembling a bit from the emotion of the moment, "You really are something else." She felt a mix of being slightly miffed and completely satisfied. After a quick freshen-up, Matthew darted off to take a shower and change into clean clothes. He drove Aubree to the set himself, and during the drive, he kept her close, stealing kisses for a solid ten minutes before finally letting her go. "I'll whip up dinner and wait for you tonight," he promised.
Aubree nodded, noticing how his youthful enthusiasm seemed to rub off on her, making her feel more alive and energetic.
"Aubree, love you," he said softly.
"Mhm."
"Make sure you come back early, okay?"
"Mhm, mhm."
"Is 'mhm' all you can say?" he teased.
Aubree chuckled, glancing at the time, "I'm just worried about being late."
Matthew released her, his eyes lingering with tender affection.
Aubree felt her heart melt. Before she'd agreed to be with him, Matthew had been holding back, but once he let his feelings show, it was like a volcano erupting-intense and selfless. She felt like she was wrapped in a warm, comforting embrace.
Arriving at the set right on time, the crew quickly got her ready for filming. She glanced in the mirror, relieved that Matthew hadn't left any marks on her neck.
The day's scene was a heavy one, and surprisingly, Casey called "cut!" three times. It was the first time Aubree needed multiple takes because of her performance. Casey reminded her, "This scene's supposed to be somber. Try to tone down the sparkle in your eyes."
The set erupted in laughter.
Feeling embarrassed, Aubree stood up to apologize, "Mr. Casey, I'm sorry."
Casey chuckled, then asked, "Falling in love, are we?"
While the crew was clueless about Aubree's love life, Casey clearly knew more than most.
Without hesitation, Aubree admitted, "Yes."
"That's great, but try to leave those emotions at the door. Take a moment to get back into character. Let's take a ten-minute break."
Aubree sighed in relief and nodded. After the break, she managed to nail the right mood for the scene.
After a long day, she returned home, welcomed by the mouth-watering aroma of dinner, which instantly put her at ease.
Exhausted, she set her bag down and flopped onto the couch. Soon, she felt someone massaging her legs. She let out a contented sigh, "A bit to the left." Matthew obliged, working out the tension before coaxing her to the dinner table.
"I made you some soup, it's great for
the skin and health. By the way, Aubree, ever thought about moving? Your garden here is a bit small. You could move to my place; the garden's bigger. Tell me what flowers you like, and we can plant
elf
them together. How about tulips?" 
Aubree froze for a moment, then heard him add, "I don't want that Andrew bothering you anymore."
Her heart softened, "Where's your place?"
"Not far from Premier Palace. I wanted a place there too, but Max beat me to it."
That area was right in the heart of Beaconsfield, super convenient. Aubree nodded, "Okay."
Matthew's eyes gleamed brighter, his smile widening, "Then I'll call the movers tomorrow. You focus on your shoot, and I'll pick you up after work We'll head to our new home together." 
Just then, Aubree checked her phone, "I've got dinner plans with Brielle tomorrow evening, probably Max too. Now that I'm in a
relationship, I've got to let my best friend know." en FindNovel
"Why not host it at our new place then? It's just a ten-minute walk from Premier Palace."
"Sounds good."
Matthew took her hand, kissing it gently, "I'll make sure to cook something amazing. I won't let you down." Aubree couldn't help but laugh at his earnestness.
###Chapter 1562
After dinner, Matthew headed to the kitchen like a pro, leaving everything spotless in no time. Meanwhile, Aubree had finished her shower and stepped out with her hair cascading down her back, still dripping a bit. Matthew grabbed the hairdryer and gently dried her hair, giving her a little temple massage in the process. To Aubree, it felt like pure bliss.
Once her hair was dry, Matthew gave her a soft peck on the cheek. "I'm off to shower," he said, a shared understanding hanging in the air about what might come next.
When Matthew emerged from the shower, his tall, muscular frame was even more striking, making Aubree feel petite in his embrace. His broad shoulders radiated a comforting sense of security.
It was the first time Aubree had really taken in his physique. "You don't look eighteen at all," she remarked.
"Glad I didn't disappoint," he replied with a grin.
He lifted her effortlessly, not even bothering with the bed, holding her in a way that made her depend entirely on him. It was a testament to his renowned strength, both swift and fierce.
Aubree felt like a kite, soaring and dipping through the clouds, with Matthew firmly holding the string, guiding her through the storm of passion. They moved together until the first light of dawn.
Luckily, Aubree had the day off; otherwise, she wouldn't have let Matthew wear her out like that. Despite his intensity, he was careful not to leave any marks on her neck, knowing she had filming the next day.
She spent most of the morning asleep, exhausted and a bit hoarse. Meanwhile, Matthew was bustling around, tending to her needs and organizing the movers to clear out the house. What couldn't be moved immediately was left behind.
By early afternoon, their place was nearly emptied, everything that could be moved was gone. Without waking Aubree, Matthew gently carried her to the car parked outside.
Aubree woke up to find herself in a new bed, in a new house. Rubbing her eyes, she saw Matthew busy in the kitehen. He came over to kiss her cheek when he noticed she was awake. en FindNovel
"Go freshen up," he said. "Max and Brielle should be here soon."
Not wanting to be caught off guard,
or quickly got ready and even
pretended to be busy in the
before their friends arrived
But as soon as the door opened, her flushed cheeks gave her away, and her eyes sparkled with more life than before.
Brielle peeked curiously into the kitchen and spotted a tall young man stepping out.
Aubree suddenly felt shy; it was her first time introducing a boyfriend to her best friend. Clearing her throat, she said, "Uh, Bri, Mr. Dorsey, this is my boyfriend, Matthew."
Matthew took off his gloves, putting on a serious face. "Nice to meet you."
Brielle, catching the aroma of breakfast, couldn't help but feel a little hungry. "Nice to meet you, I'm Brielle." Max, standing next to Brielle, nodded and shook Matthew's hand with the seriousness of a business meeting.
To ease any awkwardness, Aubree quickly invited everyone inside. "Bri, come on in, make yourself at home."
Brielle had her concerns about the seven-year age difference between them, but seeing the positive changes in Aubree put her mind at ease. Matthew's influence on Aubree was clearly a good one, and that was all that mattered. 
###Chapter 1563
Dinner was a smashing success, with everyone raving about Matthew's culinary skills.
While Aubree and Brielle dished about the latest trends and travel hotspots, Max and Matthew dove into North America's stock market, chatting like old pals despite their age gap-a nod to Max's legendary Wall Street days. After their convo, Max took a sip of wine, nodding in approval. "Matthew's got a good head on his shoulders for someone so young," he said, a rare compliment coming from him.
Brielle, catching this, knew Max's seal of approval was not easily earned. Aubree and Matthew exchanged playful glances, with Matthew giving her a wink that brought a smile to her lips. Brielle watched them, feeling a wave of relief. It was clear they were head over heels for each other, and she felt content knowing Aubree had found someone who brought out the best in her.
As they were leaving, Brielle hugged Aubree tightly, her voice thick with emotion. "Congrats," she whispered.
Aubree stiffened for a moment, then gave Brielle's back a gentle pat. "I'm the lucky one," she replied softly.
Brielle was left speechless, her heart full. On the drive home, she couldn't help but sing Matthew's praises to Max, who didn't seem too thrilled.
"Are you saying I'm getting old?" Max teased, half-serious.
"Don't be silly," Brielle quipped back with a grin.
Max pulled her close. "If you weren't pregnant, I'd show you just how 'old' I am."
Brielle blushed, playfully nudging his shoulder. "You're getting cheekier by the day."
Max just smiled, holding her tight. "Looks like those two might tie the knot soon." "Really, that fast?" Brielle wondered.
"Did you see them falling this hard, this quickly?" Max asked, and she had to admit, he was right.
Cozy in Max's arms, Brielle felt at ease knowing Aubree was loved and appreciated.
Meanwhile, Aubree was about to help Matthew in the kitchen, but he had other plans. He led her to the sunroom, filled with flowers he'd
planted just for her, even there
which she hadn't realized he knew
she liked. 
Surrounded by the fragrant blooms, Aubree was at a loss for words, touched by his thoughtfulness.
Matthew returned, kitchen spotless, with a glass of water, advising against sweets to avoid morning puffiness-a sure sign he'd been researching beauty tips for her. 
Aubree pulled him closer, resting her head on his shoulder. They talked about her upcoming month-long shoot in another city. Matthew. offered to go with her, but Aubree
declined, not wanting to cause a stir. 
QUMS
Matthew reluctantly agreed but insisted on visiting her on set, to which Aubree nodded, her heart warmed by his care.
###Chapter 1564
shadow.
Three days later, the film crew finally hit the road to the neighboring city. Matthew found himself alone at home, neck-deep in work related to the company's IPO. But no matter how busy he was, the absence of Aubree left a noticeable void, a loneliness that lingered like a Out of habit, he opened his laptop, and a news headline immediately grabbed his attention:
-Clements Corporation CEO Hits the Bottle in Late-Night Meltdown.
-Clements Corporation CEO Rumored to be Nursing a Broken Heart.
These sensational headlines rocketed to the top of trending searches, accompanied by images of Andrew, completely plastered in a bar.
Matthew's forehead creased with irritation. What kind of pity ploy was Andrew pulling now?
Without a moment's hesitation, he reached out to Casey at the company, a heavyweight in the entertainment industry, on par with Stellar Stage Entertainment, and adept at managing media storms. "Get that trending topic off the radar," he instructed firmly.
The last thing he wanted was for Aubree to stumble upon this news and feel upset or reconsider her decision to be with him. He was resolute in his mission to push Andrew out of Aubree's life for good.
A fierce determination glinted in Matthew's eyes. Sure, he knew Andrew had feelings for Aubree too, but love was inherently selfish and possessive. As long as he was part of Aubree's life, no other man would have a chance.
In no time, Andrew's drunken antics vanished from the trending lists. Matthew exhaled a sigh of relief and promptly checked in with Aubree to see if she'd reached her destination.
Her reply was swift, mentioning they wouldn't arrive until evening and still had to trek into the mountains. Matthew felt a flicker of annoyance. What was that old man thinking with these filming locations? At least, he had packed bug spray for her. "I've slipped some bug spray into your bag. Don't forget to use it, okay? Can't have those pesky mosquitoes bothering you."
Aubree felt a wave of warmth at his thoughtfulness, a smile tugging at her lips. "Got it."
After two weeks of grueling filming.
in the mountains, Aubree was feeling the toll. The limited food
options and a recent downpour that
stalled shooting left her yearning for Matthew's home-cooked meals.
swn&
The crew and cast were holed up in wooden cabins, a setup reminiscent of college dorms, crammed with several people in one room. Conditions were undeniably tough.
Every now and then, lightning would streak across the sky, slicing through the unease in the air.
While Aubree was going over her script in her cabin, her assistant called out, "Aubree, someone's here to visit!"
Taken aback by the timing, especially with such weather, Aubree quickly set aside her script and stepped outside, only to see Matthew stepping out of a car, umbrella in hand. Behind him, several other cars followed, packed with fresh ingredients, fruits, and even hot pot bases and various meats.
The whole crew erupted in cheers, eagerly unloading the bounty. After weeks of dry rations and bland box lunches, everyone had shed a few pounds. But now, it felt like a feast sent from above! en FindNovel
Aubree was so moved she was at a loss for words, especially when she noticed the mud splattered on Matthew's pants, a clear sign he had helped push the cars through the muddy path. Matthew, standing amidst the bustle with his umbrella, caught her gaze, his eyes filled with warmth and affection.
Yet, as Aubree had warned, with so many people around, revealing their relationship could stir up trouble. So, he simply beamed at the crowd, then turned to Casey with a bright smile. "Dad, I came to check on you."
Casey, pretending to be grumpy, felt
like booting him out. What a dutiful son, he mused sarcastically,
knowing perfectly well his son's true intentions. Despite the dreadful weather, Matthew's presence spoke volumes about how much he cared for Aubree. 
###Chapter 1565
The saying goes, "Kids grow up and leave the nest," and Matthew was feeling the truth of that more than ever. He didn't call attention to it, just gave a knowing chuckle. For the first time, he felt a bit awkward in front of his dad.
The heavy rain had given all the staff a surprise break today. With four hours until dinner, everyone started prepping veggies, aiming to whip up a hearty stew to satisfy everyone's cravings. Aubree was standing by, wrapped in a cozy bubble of warmth. Matthew turned to the group, saying, "I'm going to take a break and change into something dry." Picking up on Aubree's cue, she told her assistant, "Why don't you go help with the food prep? I could use a little downtime myself." The assistant, eyeing the array of fresh meats, could barely hold back his excitement, hastily wiping his mouth. "Sure thing, Aubree. I'll let you know when dinner's ready."
Aubree nodded, and Matthew followed her out, keeping a respectful distance. Once she was inside her room, Matthew checked to make sure no one was around before slipping in behind her. She'd left the door unlocked, just for him. As soon as he entered, he locked the door and pulled her into a tight embrace, kissing her deeply. "Aubree, I've missed you."
Though Aubree felt a rush of emotion, she gently pushed him away. "The road up here is so narrow, and with the mountain fog, visibility's terrible. Couldn't you have picked a safer time? It's a sheer drop on one side what if something happened?" Her frustration was fueled by worry, and Matthew, who had been so confident moments before, found himself at a loss, offering only a sheepish, "I missed you."
Seeing his crestfallen look, Aubree couldn't stay mad. His pants were nearly soaked, but luckily he had a change of clothes. He moved closer, hugging her again, the scent of rain and woods clinging to him. Aubree nudged him, "Go shower off."
Matthew quickly peeled off his wet clothes, tossed them aside, and took a fast shower. In no time, he was back, lifting Aubree onto the bed. "We've got four hours until dinner. How about a little us time first?" His muscles flexed under her touch, eyes burning with longing, clearly needing her. Aubree couldn't say no, not with the way he looked at her.
With her silent approval, Matthew's
passion surged. The bed creaked
with their intensity, and Aubree, a bit self-conscious, worried someone might overhear. She couldn't help but dig her nails into his back Easy there, we don't want anyone finding out." 
Matthew paused, sweat dripping from his forehead, landing softly on her cheek. "They're all busy with dinner; no one's going to notice."
Despite her nerves, Aubree found herself swept away by his kiss, one so consuming it felt like he wanted to devour her whole. In that moment, she felt an overwhelming love that seemed to seep into her very being.
Matthew was gentle, needing her just once, but their lips never parted. He seemed particularly fond of kissing her, and Aubree responded in kind.
After a long moment of shared
intimacy, they got up just as the assistant came to get them for dinner. Aubree checked herself in the mirror, making sure her outfit was in order, before stepping out. Matthew had swapped his clothes for a suit. 
As she opened the door, she caught the assistant glancing over, likely guessing what had happened. Aubree felt a tinge of
embarrassment, given Matthew net
ve
youthful exuberance. But the assistant said nothing, cheeks
flushed, and quickly scurried away. 
As Aubree walked, she noticed a slight weakness in her legs. Even though Matthew had only taken her once, it was enough to leave her feeling a bit shaky.
###Chapter 1566
When Aubree got to the set, the crew was already setting up the table for dinner.
"Aubree, over here! The food smells incredible," someone called out.
"We saved you a spot, come sit down."
"Hey, did anyone call Mr. Matthew yet?"
Just as the words were spoken, Matthew appeared, looking fresh and wide awake, as if he hadn't just rolled out of bed.
Casey, sitting at the head of the table, glanced at his son with a knowing look. They shared a silent understanding.
Instead of commenting, Casey simply encouraged Aubree to eat up, hinting that once the rain cleared, they'd have some night scenes to shoot. Matthew felt the urge to protest-it was late, and night shoots weren't the safest. But Aubree shot him a knowing glance that quieted him instantly.
With so many people around, Matthew couldn't comfortably pass her any food, so he just ate in silence, feeling both frustrated and oddly content. He was reminded of their earlier time together, which made his heart soften.
Aubree hadn't tasted food this flavorful in ages, and she couldn't resist indulging in several slices of beef. She was practically drooling but held back, mindful of the salt content that could cause her to look puffy on camera. Even so, those few bites left her deeply satisfied.
Later that evening, Matthew hung around in the lobby, watching the filming. As the crew set up the scene, Casey joined him, casually mentioning he'd set up a kissing scene for Aubree.
Matthew tensed up. "Dad, are you doing this to mess with me?"
Casey chuckled, taking a sip from his thermos filled with herbal tea.
"Aren't you planning to be with her long-term? You need to respect her career." Matthew's expression softened as he realized what Casey was getting at.
"Dad, you don't have to test me. I'm serious about her. She loves acting, and she should be free to pursue it. Once my company goes publie, I'll take over yours too, to support her in the industry." 
"You used to want nothing to do with the family business."
"Things change."
Matthew leaned on his hand, watching Aubree perform.
"I want her to win an Oscar. If it takes a few tries, so be it. It's her dream."
Casey dropped the subject as someone called for him, indicating the scene was ready to shoot.
"I was just messing with you. This film doesn't have any kissing or bedroom scenes, but Aubree will face them eventually. If you can't handle that, don't hold her
talent is shining through
she
might just bring home that trophy." 
"Dad, you should be proud. Your future daughter-in-law could be an Oscar winner."
"You cheeky brat!"
Casey aimed a playful kick at him, which Matthew dodged with ease.
Seizing the chance while no one was paying attention, Matthew headed to Aubree's room to wait for her, taking another shower to freshen up, almost like preparing for a royal audience. 
It was 10 PM when Aubree finally returned.
As soon as she stepped in, Matthew pressed her against the door.
The crew was still trickling back to their rooms, and the supporting actress was outside, still in character. Aubree, having wrapped up her scenes early, had come back first.
He lifted her dress, and without hesitation, moved closer, as sparks danced in Aubree's eyes, filling the air with a crackling energy.
###Chapter 1567
Forty minutes later, Matthew got up, his eyes filled with a warmth that seemed to pierce right through her. Aubree felt like a puddle, playfully punching him on the shoulder.
Matthew wrapped her up in his arms, whispering, "Sweet as pie." Aubree blushed a shade that rivaled the fiercest sunset. Andrew had never treated her like this; their relationship had always been one-sided, with Andrew focusing solely on his own needs. But Matthew
was different. He made sure she was happy first, a rare quality in most guys.
Most men aren't exactly keen on foreplay. Aubree's breathing quickened, and Matthew pulled her closer. "Hey, love," he said, not even bothering with her name, "Got any scenes tomorrow?"
Aubree shook her head. "Mr. Casey's given me the day off. The weather's supposed to be nice tomorrow; how about we escape to the mountains?"
"I'd rather not," she replied. His voice dropped, "You know what I'd prefer." Aubree sighed, "We need to take it easy sometimes."
Matthew wasn't having it and lifted her onto the vanity. "Easy isn't in my vocabulary." Aubree's eyes darted away, feeling a bit uneasy. "But we can't overdo it. If I don't show up tomorrow, tongues will wag."
Matthew's grin widened, "Okay." But come bedtime, Aubree's say in the matter seemed to vanish. It wasn't until four the next afternoon that she was free.
Matthew, looking pleased as punch, dressed and kissed her cheek before heading out. Aubree didn't have the energy to walk him out. In the hallway, Matthew sensed an odd vibe. Aubree's assistant saw him to the door, awkwardly hinting, "The walls are paper-thin." In other words, even if Aubree kept quiet, there was no masking the noise of their passion, creaking bed and all. Matthew raised an eyebrow and told her, "Keep this between us."
The assistant nodded, watching him leave with a satisfied smirk. She wondered if he did it on purpose.
Aubree didn't stir until six in the
evening, feeling completely worn
out. Her assistant brought her some comforting snacks. Lying in bed,
う
Aubree dropped the fa?ade, knowing her assistant had pieced it together.
"If you ever date, go for someone
older," she advised. 
But despite her words, there was a hint of a smile, and not a flicker of breakup thoughts in her eyes. Maybe the idea of Matthew being so attached made her feel special. That feeling of importance was unmistakable. Having been around Aubree for ages, the assistant could see her true feelings. "Aubree, Mr. Matthew seems like a real catch."
Aubree didn't respond, just focused on her food. What she didn't realize was that gossip about her and Matthew was already swirling. With so many people on set, last night's noise didn't go unnoticed. And with both of them MIA today, people started putting two and two together. 
Rumors flew that Aubree and Matthew were an item. Though Matthew was Casey's son and not really in the business, talk about him always led back to Casey. Casey was a world-renowned director, and his entertainment company was Matthew's inheritance.
But soon, someone tried to squash the rumors. "It's all just chatter," said a supporting actress from Casey's crew. She'd met Matthew overseas and even attended his birthday bash from afar. Plus, her brother was tight with Matthew, often hanging out, so she had known Matthew for a while and dreamed of becoming Mrs. Matthew herself. Only nineteen, she saw herself as younger and fresher than Aubree. Besides, everyone had heard about Aubree's past with Andrew. 
###Chapter 1568
Rumors were buzzing through Beaconsfield about Aubree and Matthew's budding romance, painted with such vivid detail that even attempts to throw a wrench in the works couldn't stop the local gossip mill. For the past year, Andrew's interest in Aubree had been an open secret, so much so that whispers of an unusual sibling connection were already flying around. Now, with talk of Aubree seeing a younger guy, eyebrows were definitely raised. Wasn't she into older men?
Yet Andrew, upon hearing the news, kept his mouth shut. Sitting in his office at Clements Corporation, he was hit by a wave of cold dread. He had seen this coming, but the reality of Aubree being with someone else, and so openly, left him reeling. He knew why he had never owned up to his feelings for Aubree. Turning a sibling bond into something romantic was a scandal he couldn't handle, not to mention the rumors of some old-fashioned setup. Plus, he figured Tessa was a good match, prioritizing the role of Clements family heir over his feelings for Aubree.
He had tricked himself into believing his interest was a passing phase, just a crush that would eventually fade. But now, after hearing the news, he craved a smoke but was left with only bitterness. His eyes reddened as the cigarette burned down to his fingers, leaving a blister behind.
His assistant brought in papers that needed his attention, but Andrew, clearly miles away, waved them off until tomorrow. He picked up his coat, ready to leave, his assistant wisely giving him space, knowing his recent mood swings.
After a lot of hesitation, Andrew found himself at Aubree's villa. He hadn't planned on bothering her, but he couldn't help himself; the drive felt ingrained in him. But when he rang the doorbell, the place was empty.
After talking to the property management, he found out Aubree had moved out with some young guy, maybe her brother.
"Got it," Andrew mumbled, managing a weak smile. He didn't have the right to cause a scene.
Sitting in his car, he gazed into the distance, not ready to move. He watched the familiar neighborhood until late into the night, smoking one cigarette after another before finally gripping the steering wheel and driving off, with no clue where he was headed. 
Home felt wrong; too empty, too unsettling.
He drove around without a destination until he ended up outside the house he and Aubree once shared, now alive with lights and new occupants. He sat there, tears quietly streaming down his face, until dawn began to break. 
Marissa's call snapped him back, asking where he'd been. After roaming all night, his eyes were sore, but with his family, he had to pretend everything was fine.
Raised among the elite and
groomed to lead, Andrew was the Clements family heir, not someone who could just go off the rails. The weight of the family legacy was
Ret
heavy burden to bear. When he e
voiced his doubts about his role,
Marissa's slap was instant. He had enjoyed the privileges of his position all his life; now it was time to return the favor. Going against the grain wasn't an option, leaving him feeling trapped and hopeless.
###Chapter 1569
"Mom, I'll be back in a bit."
Marissa had a pretty good idea of what he was up to and just had to give him a piece of her mind.
"I've asked around, and it's true, Aubree's really into that young guy. Everyone's moved on, and so should you. You're a grown man, there's no need to cling to this. There are plenty of fish in the sea."
Andrew felt like someone had their hands around his throat, and he couldn't get a word out. He grit his teeth, and after a long pause, a stubborn look came over him.
"They'll break up eventually."
Matthew is still young; his promises don't mean much. So, Andrew decided to bide his time and wait for them to split. He was sure it would happen.
He felt downright pathetic. Everyone, including Brielle, just wanted Aubree to be happy. But not him. He was the only one hoping for a breakup, thinking that would be his chance. He didn't dare try the same tricks as before, worried that going after Matthew might make Aubree hate him. Now, all he could do was wait.
Andrew's hope turned into a nightly ritual, a whispered prayer before sleep.
Please break up soon, please break up soon.
He wished he'd wake up to news that they'd split. But life had other plans for him-Aubree and Matthew were doing great together.
Before long, Aubree wrapped up all her scenes for the movie. Matthew came by the set again, but by then, everyone had caught on to what was going on.
Aubree wasn't as laid-back as Matthew; she still cared about what people thought. So, when Matthew came to visit the second time, she kept things professional and didn't let him get too close, sending him home hungry.
When filming wrapped, Matthew put together a fancy dinner to celebrate.
He even baked a little cake.
"I made it myself, make a wish."
Aubree chuckled.
"Who celebrates finishing a movie with cake?"
Matthew walked up behind her, giving her shoulders a gentle squeeze. "I made it, so we can eat it anytime."
Matthew had been juggling a lot-taking over his family's business and getting his company listed
overseas. His net worth shot unet
landing him in the top five on the rich list, and he was the youngest
there. .
Just three days ago, he gave an interview to a Wall Street journal because of his company's IPO.
When asked about his thoughts on marriage, Matthew looked right into the camera and said, "I've already met the person I want to spend my life with."
Even the reporter was taken aback; at eighteen, most folks are just figuring out love and wouldn't dare say something like that.
The night of the interview, Aubree was shooting a night scene. During a break, her assistant casually showed her the clip.
"Aubree, Mr. Matthew is really handsome, isn't he? People online are saying he's on par with Max."
The last teenager to make a splash
on Wall Street was Max, and that changed how Australians were seen internationally. With Matthew now in the spotlight, comparisons were inevitable. 
But when Aubree saw the interview, she couldn't help but call Max.
"So, Mr. Dorsey, what do you think of my guy? Not too shabby, right?"
Aubree had never shown off her partner like this before. With Andrew, she had to keep everything under wraps, like they were hiding in the shadows, afraid of being found out and judged. 
But with someone as impressive as Matthew, her pride was hard to contain. She couldn't resist calling the guy everyone was comparing him to. "Not bad, but he's still got some catching up to do."
A man's cool voice came through, making Aubree's lips twitch. She didn't want to admit it, but that was Max.
Why did it feel like he was just shamelessly bragging?
###Chapter 1570
As Aubree admired the spread of delicious dishes laid out on the table, a warm smile crept onto her face. She reached into her bag and pulled out a watch, then gently took Matthew's hand and slipped it onto his wrist.
Matthew was caught off guard. He hadn't expected this, and his body tensed up in surprise when he saw the watch gleaming on his wrist. "Is this for me?" he asked, a hint of disbelief in his voice. Aubree nodded, and Matthew's face lit up as he wrapped her in a tight hug. "Aubree, I'm over the moon! This is the first time you've ever given me a gift."
As he spoke, Aubree realized she had never really thought about this. She had always let him bridge the gap between them, accepting his gestures without much thought. How had she missed this? "Matthew, I'm sorry," she murmured.
"There's nothing to apologize for, not to me or anyone else. You've already given me what I treasure most. But getting gifts from you makes me incredibly happy," he said, his joy evident.
Matthew's happiness was infectious, and it seemed like he was easy to please. But over time, Aubree found out that this side of him was reserved just for her.
Later that evening, she was set to attend a banquet, one that Matthew was also going to. The event was brimming with business elites and a sprinkle of celebrities. Aubree, being quite the name, walked the red carpet before making her way into the bustling main hall. Just as she turned a corner, she overheard someone pouring their heart out to Matthew. She recognized the voice-it was the supporting actress from Casey's latest film.
The actress spoke passionately,
tears already glistening in her eyes, lamenting how long she'd known him. "Matthew, how can you be into Aubree? She's seven years older
her
than you! You'll get tired on
enough. In a few years, wrinkles will start to show, no matter how well she takes care of herself. Her age
will always be a factor."
"Choose me instead, Matthew. We're the same age, and I truly love you," she said, her eyes sparkling as she made her case.
She had dressed to the nines, clearly
planning this from the get-go.
Instinctively, Aubree felt the urge to leave. Even though she was confident in their love, old
insecurities crept in, making her feel like she didn't belong, like a mouse seuttling back to the shadows, unworthy of the light.
But just as she was about to walk away, Matthew's voice stopped her. It was a stark contrast to the gentle, warm tone he used with her-this time, it was icy.
"Have you finished?" he asked, looking at the woman with a glass of wine in hand.
"You know I have a girlfriend, yet you still decided to confess. Did I do something to lead you on? Otherwise, why would you feel so confident?"
He didn't mention Aubree by name, but his words left the woman flushed with embarrassment. She recoiled, having always seen him as the easygoing, sunny type, someone who was laid-back with his friends. This cold side was unexpected. 
Matthew gently set his wine glass down. "Aubree and I are together; it's no secret. If there's an issue, it's yours. Are you really that keen on being the 'other woman'? Didn't your parents teach you about decency?" The woman's eyes welled up with shame, and she fled the scene. Matthew watched her leave, letting out a frustrated sigh. He hoped Aubree hadn't seen any of this; he dreaded the thought of any misunderstandings. Unbeknownst to him, Aubree was right around the corner, taking in every word.
###Chapter 1571
Aubree felt a surge of emotion sweeping over her, a sensation of being intensely chosen, something she had never felt before. Still, she wasn't planning on meeting Matthew immediately. Instead, she quietly slipped down another path. Her heart raced, her cheeks flushed
from their exchanged words. So, this is what falling in love feels like? Not bad at all.
But as she stepped into the garden, she spotted a man on his phone. His silhouette was unmistakable, etched into her memory, unforgettable. Yet, still caught up in the whirlwind of emotions Matthew had stirred, seeing Andrew now brought an unexpected calm. Andrew was on the phone, talking to some bigwig, visibly impatient as he tugged at his collar. But soon, he paused, noticing Aubree standing nearby. With just the two of them there, he quickly ended the call and made a beeline for her.
"Aubree!" His eyes roamed over her, as if trying to make up for lost time. He was about to put his hands on her shoulders, to ask how she had been. But Aubree sidestepped him, saying, "Hey, bro." That word hit Andrew like a punch to the gut. He froze, his eyes narrowing as heartache pierced through him. He opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out, just a look that seemed to say, "How could you say something so hurtful?"
But that's just how things were between them. Aubree didn't look at him, her gaze fixed on the distant, twinkling lights, the air scented with flowers. She smiled, "Enjoying the night view all by yourself, bro?" Andrew's emotions crumbled, his chest rising and falling, yet he couldn't voice a single word. "Aubree, please don't do this," he silently pleaded. Don't look at him with those distant eyes, as if their passionate past was his memory alone. How unfair that felt. Why not just erase this chapter from his mind?
He stepped closer, trying to take her hand, but Aubree stepped back, giving him a small smile. "My boyfriend's here tonight, probably mingling somewhere. I should go find him. You shouldn't just stand here alone, bro. Go find someone to talk to." With that, she turned and walked away without a second glance.
Andrew stood there, frozen for a while, then slammed his fist into the wall beside him, leaving his knuckles bloody. He lowered his gaze and let out a bitter laugh. Not long after, Jaired showed up, handing him a tissue. He must have seen Andrew's moment of anger. Jaired made a "tsk tsk" sound but, fearing Andrew might redirect his anger, stayed silent. Andrew took the tissue and quietly wiped the blood from his hand.
Meanwhile, Aubree couldn't find Matthew after making a round. A server mentioned he was on the lower level. The lower level had a part of the event set up, complete with a large kitchen. Aubree thanked the server and hurried downstairs. As she followed the server into a room, she sensed something was off. Just as she turned to leave, the door slammed shut behind her. A chill swept over Aubree, realizing she was in a walk-in freezer.
Outside, the server shed her disguise, revealing herself as the woman who had unsuccessfully confessed to Matthew earlier. She was convinced Aubree had used some trick to win over Matthew, leading to his icy rejection of her. She believed that if Aubree were out of the picture, Matthew might finally agree to be with her.
###Chapter 1572
In that icy chamber, memories from her childhood hit Aubree like a tidal wave a time when she'd been trapped underground, consumed by fear. Panic surged through her, and she pounded desperately on the door.
"Is anyone there?!"
"Please, someone let me out!"
But the thick walls of the walk-in freezer were soundproof, swallowing her cries for help.
Meanwhile, Matthew was on a frantic quest to find Aubree, but she was nowhere to be found. Her phone lay abandoned on the couch, a silent clue to her mysterious disappearance.
Matthew's instincts kicked into overdrive. He didn't waste a second wondering if she'd just left her phone behind to chat with someone else. If Aubree wasn't right in front of him, it was a crisis, plain and simple.
He immediately reached out to the event organizers, insisting they check the security footage. Nothing was too much when it came to keeping Aubree safe.
His quick thinking paid off. The surveillance video showed Aubree inside the freezer, her condition deteriorating, looking like she was about to pass out from the cold.
Matthew dashed to the freezer like a man possessed, flinging the door open and rushing to her side. The cold was biting, the temperature well below freezing. Aubree, dressed in just a dress and gripped by panic, was suffering from the frigid air.
He gathered her into his arms, her mind teetering between past nightmares and present reality. The one who pulled her from the shadows.
Without hesitating, Matthew ran outside, Aubree cradled against him.
The commotion had drawn attention. Many at the event, including Andrew, realized that Matthew was searching for Aubree. As Matthew emerged, holding Aubree close, Andrew was there to meet them.
"What happened to Aubree?" he asked, concern etched on his face.
Matthew, overwhelmed with worry, had no time for explanations. But as he tried to push past, Aubree, in her daze, looked up at Matthew, mistaking the moment for a memory. "Brother," she murmured.
That single word stopped Matthew in his tracks, disbelief washing over him. It felt like his heart had been pierced, bleeding with sorrow.
His eyes, red with emotion, showed his pain.
Andrew, on the other hand, was
suddenly filled with hope. Memories
of a time long ago rushed back-when he had found her in a similanstate, carrying her to safety as she clung to him, crying and calling him brother in fear. 
Hearing her say it again made Andrew's heart melt. He reached out eagerly to take Aubree from Matthew, feeling a deep sense of fulfillment. Aubree, in her heart, still held a place for him. At this moment, she called for him.
But for Matthew, it was a different story-heartbreakingly so. He felt his heart shatter. Even as Andrew moved to take Aubree, Matthew was frozen, unsure of what to do.
If Aubree had chosen him, he would have pushed Andrew aside without hesitation. But now, it seemed she needed someone else, not him.
His face turned ashen, a mix of anger and sorrow threatening to bring him to tears.
Yet, it was then that Aubree spoke again.
"Brother, let me go."
"I'm not afraid of the dark anymore. I don't nee
you to carry me. I can make it on my own. I don't want you to be my light anymore." 
These words, rooted in the moment Andrew carried her out of her darkness, had shaped her affection for him for over a decade. But now, as she believed time had turned back, she felt regret. 
She wished she hadn't clung to him, hadn't craved the safety and gentleness he offered.
So she pleaded for release, ready to face the journey ahead on her own.
###Chapter 1573
Andrew felt his whole body seize up. Just a moment ago, he was on cloud nine, but now, it felt like he'd crashed right into the depths of despair. The words that followed were even more crushing than Aubree's blunt rejection. She wanted to wipe it all away, pretend none of it ever happened.
What was he supposed to do now? How could he even react?
Almost without thinking, he wanted to confront her, but Matthew suddenly found the strength to hold him back, locking him in a tight grip.
"Andrew, you heard her. She wants you to let go," Matthew said firmly, leaving Andrew speechless.
Despair, helplessness, embarrassment, vulnerability-every emotion coursed through him as he stood there, rooted to the spot, watching them walk away.
Suddenly, all his energy drained out of him; he realized he'd lost any right to pursue her. He knew better than anyone how much that incident meant to Aubree. But she was ready to let go, to cut ties completely.
As the realization hit, Andrew couldn't help but collapse to the ground, his hands covering his face as his shoulders shook with silent sobs.
A crowd had gathered, witnessing the drama unfold. It was clear now: Andrew had lost.
No one dared to approach, knowing too well Andrew's temper and cold demeanor. Soon, the onlookers began to disperse.
With this, the news about Aubree and Matthew's relationship was all but confirmed, though their fans were still in the dark.
Online whispers hinted at what was happening, but it quickly stirred fans' discontent. Everyone admired Aubree's talent and hoped she'd focus on her career rather than get caught up in personal drama. Aubree, still unconscious, was blissfully unaware she had become the hot topic of conversation.
Matthew, however, was a constant presence by her side, his grip on her hand unyielding, a testament to his dedication.
In her dreams, Aubree felt the reassuring grip on her hand, a comforting reminder of being needed.
She wanted to speak, to say something, but she was too weak.
It wasn't until the next afternoon that Aubree finally woke up.
Matthew, who had been vigilantly her side, had already started an
ition to uncover who was belongs to en.kikiston
responsible for their
The woman involved was quickly identified even having the audacity to call Matthew, begging for forgiveness and blaming a momentary lapse of judgment.
en FindNovel
swnovel.n
Matthew's response was cold and decisive; he involved the police, had a medical report drawn up, and ensured the woman was blacklisted in the entertainment industry 
Despite being only eighteen, Matthew's actions as the CEO of the entertainment company were swift and ruthless.
The woman's brother even reached out, trying to patch things up, but Matthew, having reached his breaking point, refused to engage.
After dealing with everything, Matthew was there when Aubree woke up.
"Aubree!" His voice cracked with emotion, his eyes filled with tears as he clutched her hand, damp with nervous sweat.
Worried she might find the sweat off-putting, he quickly grabbed a wet wipe and gently cleaned each of her fingers. Tears welled up in Aubree's eyes too, and she opened her arms, pulling him into a hug.
Matthew stiffened for a moment before relaxing into her embrace.
"You scared me to death," he confessed, his voice trembling.
Aubree felt the same fear, still shaken by what had happened.
Matthew recounted the ordeal and his decisive actions, his voice firm, "I won't let her get away with this."
Aubree initially wanted to speak up, maybe to caution him, but remembering her own close call, she chose silence.
Matthew, having vented his anger, now held her close, his body trembling with fear.
"Don't trust too easily, learn from this," he advised.
Aubree nodded, her heart heavy and her eyes moist, a silent agreement between them.
###Chapter 1574
When Aubree got back to the home she shared with Matthew, she was shocked to find out their relationship had gone viral, and Matthew's personal details were plastered all over the internet by curious netizens.
She felt a wave of anxiety wash over her. Matthew was the CEO of two companies, and having their private life under the microscope like this was bound to be uncomfortable. But when she turned around, there he was, already donning an apron and making himself at home in the kitchen.
"You've lost some weight, haven't you? Let me cook you something delicious to get you back on track," he said with a warm smile.
Aubree chuckled to herself. She'd only been in the hospital for a couple of days-how could she have possibly lost weight? Yet, watching him work his magic in the kitchen made her feel unexpectedly at ease.
She strolled over to the kitchen door and watched as he skillfully chopped and washed vegetables. Despite the kitchen's size, his tall frame seemed to fill the space entirely.
A thought popped into her head, perfectly describing Matthew. He was like someone who had traveled through vast landscapes and oceans, yet found solace in the simplicity of day-to-day life, in the kitchen, and in love.
He had seen all the wonders the world had to offer, but he chose to stay by her side, showing her that in his eyes, she was more precious than any view. This love was deep, and she felt it the moment she opened her eyes. Matthew was still focused on his chopping when Aubree blurted out, "Matthew, maybe we should just go public on Twitter."
The suggestion nearly made him cut himself. Startled, Aubree hurried over. "You okay?"
He shook his head, his eyelashes fluttering with excitement. "Go public?"
Aubree nodded, suddenly feeling bashful. But Matthew gently cupped her face.
"Aubree, are you sure about this? You're a big star, and dating could really shake up your career. I was ready to keep us a secret forever if that's what you wanted."
His words tugged at her heartstrings. They were in this together, and she couldn't just think about herself.
"I'll find the right time to tell everyone," she assured him, "but my fans might not be happy. Can you promise not to get upset?"
Without hesitation, Matthew pulled
her into a tight hug, his eyes twinkling. "I've already whisked you away. If people want to criticize me, so be it. I won't let it get to me." 
en FindNovel
Aubree said she'd find the right moment to announce, but neither of them knew when that would be, and Matthew didn't press for details.
Over the next two months, Matthew
saw a change in Aubree. She was braver, more driven than ever. Meanwhite, he was swamped with work, buried in meetings. Yet, whenever he came home, he made sure to cook for them both. 
эл
He'd call her during meals, reminding her to eat on time. Occasionally, her co-actresses would tease her.
"Doesn't he smother you? Like, don't you ever feel like you can't breathe?"
In their circle, everyone knew about Aubree and Matthew. Secrets didn't last long there.
Smothered? Aubree was puzzled. How could anyone think that? She loved every bit of his attention.
Perhaps it was because she had
always been overlooked. Deep down, she craved being needed, being so vital that someone couldn't imagine life without her. And
Matthew gave her just that,
vel.
wrapping her in a blanket of security. 
###Chapter 1575
"I didn't feel suffocated at all; in fact, I kind of like it," she said casually, her voice light and breezy.
The actress raised her eyebrows in surprise.
Matthew had become quite the buzz in the industry lately. He had taken over his family's company, which now rivaled Stellar Stage Entertainment, practically splitting the domestic market. His overseas projects were thriving, too. For someone so young, he had a knack for business that was both impressive and a little intimidating.
Yet, with Aubree, he was surprisingly laid-back.
Take last week, for example. Some folks were gossiping behind Aubree's back, calling her a cougar and betting on when she'd get dumped.
When Matthew got wind of it, he was ready to blacklist the gossipers right then and there. Everyone tried to calm him down, pointing out that the celebrity in question wasn't inherently bad, just a bit of a chatterbox. Even the director pleaded, but Matthew was unmoved, his demeanor icy.
Then Aubree got a call and passed it on to Matthew.
Almost instantly, everyone saw his frosty attitude melt away, replaced by warmth and tenderness.
"Aubree?"
"Matthew, I heard about the situation. Don't blacklist her. I've worked with her before, and she's not a bad person. Plus, she's not the only one with that opinion. Are you really going to silence everyone? Let's just move on, okay?" Matthew's lips curled into a smile. "Okay."
He was surprisingly easy to calm down.
After hanging up, he dropped the issue and left.
Since then, anyone who upset Matthew quickly called Aubree, knowing he'd listen to her above anyone else.
But Aubree wasn't just a yes-man for others. When someone was truly out of line, she stood firmly by Matthew's side.
Two months rolled by, and the rumor mill was buzzing about when they'd break up. Some bet on three months, others on a year. Almost no one thought they'd last.
But to everyone's amazement, Aubree and Matthew seemed to get closer every day. Despite their busy schedules, Aubree would sometimes drop subtle hints about their romance on Twitter, though most fans were oblivious. Dedicated fans analyzed every post, finally guessing Aubree was indeed in a relationship.
"Could it really be with that 18-year-old guy?"
"Who's really clean in this industry? That guy must be a real charmer to have her hooked."
"If it's the same guy whose looks and background were revealed before, maybe it's Aubree who's got him wrapped around her finger?"
Fans and onlookers argued fiercely online, reigniting interest in Aubree's love life.
Coincidentally, a movie Aubree starred in with Casey was
nominated for the Oscars, so she had to attend the red carpet event overseas. She skimmed through the online chatter but didn't comment. 
It wasn't her first Oscar nomination, but she had always been a runner-up.
This film, her favorite project with Casey, had her particularly excited about her dress. Matthew helped her pack, saying he'd go with her.
Aubree didn't say no.
They jetted off together.
Two days later, Aubree walked the red carpet, with cameras snapping her every move. Her photos were quickly shared back home, sparking a frenzy of online buzz.
Every rise in her popularity brought her mysterious relationship back into the spotlight.
Sitting among international stars, Aubree represented a rare success story for an Asian actress at the Oscars. Matthew, seated just behind her, inevitably caught the camera's attention whenever it panned to Aubree.
Back home, fans watching the live stream captured these moments.
"Isn't the guy behind Aubree the younger man?"
"Following her to the Oscars - that's got to be true love."
"He's stunning. If I were Aubree, I'd choose him too. She's got it all; why someone young, handsome, and full of energy? Isn't that every
not pic
woman's dream?" 
The internet was once again ablaze with debate.
###Chapter 1576
Aubree was in her own little world, oblivious to the glaring lights and the bustling crowd that surrounded her. The moment of truth was creeping closer-the announcement for Best Actress was just around the corner, and her nerves were all over the place. That's when Matthew quietly sidled up beside her, whispering, "Aubree, just take a deep breath. You're going to be on camera soon, so try to stay calm."
His words were exactly what she needed, grounding her and bringing her back to a place of calm. Suddenly, the whole venue lit up, signaling the grandeur of the moment.
It was time to announce the Best Actress award. This was Aubree's dream, the prize she had longed for ever since she first dipped her toes into acting-holding that coveted trophy. Yet, in her previous roles, something always felt off.
In her latest project with Casey, she wasn't even sure if she was on the right path. She just found herself lost in the art, in a state of pure, unfiltered creativity.
Watching the host on stage, rattling off names in English, her palms began to sweat. The camera zoomed in on the faces of the nominated stars. Aubree was the only Asian actress among them.
She flashed a composed smile at the camera, exuding an air of calm and grace. As the host opened the envelope, his eyebrows lifted slightly at the name inside.
Aubree's heart was in her throat, reassuring herself that even if she didn't win, it was okay. She had Matthew, someone she loved, and she was learning to love herself more each day. Everything would turn out just fine.
Then came the applause, and suddenly, all eyes were on her. Matthew couldn't hold back his excitement and leapt up to hug her.
It took a beat for her to process what was happening under the bright stage lights-she had actually won. She'd snagged the Oscar for Best Actress.
Her acceptance speech was a bit shaky at first, her voice thick with emotion but utterly sincere.
"My best friend once promised to take me to greater heights, places I'd never imagined. I had no clue what she meant. I felt like I was living in the shadows and acting became my refuge, where I found myself. When people praised my acting, it was because I was desperate to be anyone but myself. But then, met someone who showed me t ne that
maybe I wasn't so bad after all. My best friend pulled me from those dark times, and this person helped me forget them entirely. I'm so grateful to both of them, and to life itself. To all the fans curious about my love life, yes, I'm in love. But that won't change my focus on my career. I'll keep working hard to bring you more great performances." 
"His name is Matthew, a guy seven years younger than me. At this crucial moment, I'm proud to share his name with the world. I believe in him; he's my rock. And I'm thankful
he was there to catch me whatul
needed it. Thank you, everyone." 
She bowed deeply, and the camera panned to Matthew, who was visibly moved. As Aubree made her way off the stage, her dress a bit cumbersome, Matthew rushed to her side without hesitation. Aubree beamed at him, whispered something, and he bent down to adjust her dress. Their tender moment was captured on camera, not just for those present, but for the entire world to see.
Back home, fans went wild, flooding Twitter with their reactions. Some were cheering them on, while others
weren't as supportive. But it was obvious that no amount of dissent could dampen the happiness radiating from Aubree and Matthew on screen. 
However, one person's joy can be another's sorrow. The Clements family watched in disbelief, never imagining Aubree would actually win an Oscar.
Desiree couldn't help but voice her disdain. "How shameless, confessing to a romance with a younger guy in front of everyone!"
The rest of the family stayed silent, their feelings a whirlwind of emotions.
Meanwhile, Andrew sat alone in his room, surrounded by empty bottles, watching the awards replay on his screen. He drank until his eyes were red and his fingers shook, the room heavy with the smell of alcohol. Then the doorbell rang, and for a fleeting second, he thought it might be Aubree, just like in those countless nights before.
"Aubree!" he shouted, happiness threading through his voice as he stumbled to the door. But his excitement, mixed with too much booze, sent him crashing into a nearby cabinet.
And then came darkness, as he passed out, blood trickling from his head.
###Chapter 1577
When Jaired heard the commotion outside, he jumped and kicked the door open without a second thought. There, he found Andrew sprawled on the floor. "Damn it! Andrew!" he shouted, but Andrew was beyond responding.
Jaired rushed him to the hospital, where they found out Andrew had a stomach bleed from too much drinking and a head injury that nearly took his life. The doctors worked tirelessly through the night to save him.
By the time the Clements family gathered at the hospital, most were silent, except for Desiree, who was fuming and taking it out on Aubree.
"It's all because of that home-wrecker! If she hadn't come into our lives, Andrew wouldn't be like this!" Desiree spat, her anger palpable. "Now she's out there shamelessly flirting with someone younger in broad daylight!"
Exhausted from her rant, Desiree finally took a seat. Jaired, standing nearby, stayed quiet the whole time. Emotions were a mystery to him, and he had no idea what went wrong between Andrew and Aubree.
The next morning came, but Andrew still hadn't woken up, even though the doctors had predicted he would. The Clements family grew more anxious, bringing in the doctor for another check-up.
"The patient doesn't want to wake up," the doctor explained. "He'll wake when he's ready. You all should try talking to him more."
Desiree burst into tears, lamenting how her grandson's fate seemed so cruel, leaving him in such a state. The doctor reassured her, "Desiree, Mr. Clements is healthy; he just doesn't want to face reality. Maybe he's seen something beautiful in his dreams, and real life is too hard to accept, so he stays in his dream. Only when he lets go of that dream will he wake."
Hearing this, the rest of the Clements family began to suspect that this had everything to do with Aubree. Enraged, Desiree demanded, "Find Aubree and bring her back! She needs to be by Andrew's side! If he doesn't wake up, it'll be on her!"
Marissa, standing among them, knew all too well that this was about Aubree. Only her return could bring Andrew back. Indeed, Andrew's dream was filled with memories of Aubree.
In his dream, they were back in the cozy house they once shared, with Aubree always preparing meals for him. Back then, he found it annoying and rarely answered her calls, but now, reliving those moments, he missed them dearly.
He opened the door and saw Aubree waiting for him, just as he remembered. The food on the table was cold, and she had dozed off with her head resting there. Andrew approached her quietly and wrapped her in a hug. Aubree stirred, looking up at him with eyes that brightened instantly. "Andrew!" she exclaimed.
It had been ages since Andrew had seen her look at him like that. Love is hard to hide, and in that moment, Aubree's love for him was clear.
Thinking of how Aubree had left him, Andrew began to cry, but the dream Aubree didn't know why. She tried to
comfort him. "What's wrong? Did
something happen at work? You're home so late, and the food's cold. Let me warm it up for you while you take a shower." 
Andrew's tears flowed harder as he held her tighter. "Aubree, please don't leave me, I beg you."
Aubree was taken aback. Andrew
had never spoken to her this way He'd always wanted to keep their relationship a secret, aiming to marry Tessa while using Aubree as a mere outlet. en FindNovel
She knew this but accepted it anyway. Yet here he was, opening up to her.
Andrew didn't wait for her response; he just clung to her. "Please, Aubree, I love you, I really do."
He said it over and over again, and for Aubree, it was a surprise she never thought she'd hear. She wrapped her arms around his neck, crying too. "I love you too, Andrew. I thought I'd never hear you say that." 
Andrew stiffened, recalling all the times he let her down, filling him with regret. "I'm sorry."
Aubree shook her head. "This was my choice."
"Aubree, let's live well from now on, never parting again."
"Okay."
In the dream, they had their happy ending, living a blissful life together. The dream was so perfect that Andrew didn't want to wake up, staying in a coma for three days.
###Chapter 1578
When Aubree was on her way back home, she got the news that Andrew had slipped into a coma. At least five members of the Clements family reached out, urging her to come and help wake him up.
Once she hung up the phone, Aubree found herself staring blankly out the window, lost in thought. She called the hospital, hoping to get a clearer picture of Andrew's condition, but the doctors echoed what the Clements had already told her.
Aubree was stuck in a tough spot. Going to see Andrew felt like betraying Matthew. She imagined if the roles were reversed-if Matthew felt obligated to see another woman-she'd be heartbroken. Yet, she couldn't ignore what she owed the Clements family. Matthew wrapped his arms around her from behind. "Do you still have feelings for him?"
Aubree shook her head. "If I did, I wouldn't have agreed to give us a chance. I couldn't do that to you."
"Aubree, I won't lie, the thought of you seeing him isn't easy for me. But if I stop you, the Clements will keep pushing, using your sense of duty to guilt-trip you. It'll eat at you, keep you up at night. So, go. But make it clear-this is the last time. Settle your debt, and after this, the Clements family is in the past. They don't care for you like they should, and you deserve more."
"Aubree, I'll give you all the love you've missed. Just me against the world for you. So, what do you say? Choose me?"
He placed her hand on his cheek, looking at her with earnest eyes. Aubree felt a wave of emotion.
"Don't worry, I'll make things clear to them," she promised.
At the hospital, Aubree couldn't avoid the Clements family's sneers before she sat by Andrew's bedside, unsure of what to say. The man she once loved now felt distant.
She could only whisper his name, "Andrew. Andrew."
In his dreams, Andrew lived happily with Aubree, yet a nagging worry remained, maybe knowing deep down it was all a dream. In the dream, he grew more possessive, afraid to let her out of his sight.
Eventually, they had a heated
argument. Aubree confronted him,
"If you loved me, why didn't you choose me from the start? Not when I turned eighteen, not after you vented your frustrations on me,
Andrew, I'm exhausted.me nee
Loving you
isn't enough when I lie awake every night reliving the hurt, your hot-and-cold behavior. Even now, with you beside me, I feel unworthy. I'm sorry, Andrew, maybe it's me." 
Years of being dismissed and doubting his love made her question their relationship, even though he now seemed to need her more than ever. It only deepened her fears. Andrew watched, overwhelmed with sadness. Was this their fate? Even without Matthew, Aubree wouldn't choose him. That was the harsh truth.
He vaguely heard someone calling him, a voice he recognized. Andrew knew he was dreaming, but he held onto the fleeting warmth it offered.
Sitting by his bed, Aubree was about to call out again when she saw tears rolling down his face. Her voice caught in her throat.
Two days later, Andrew woke up. He
seemed more subdued, but he threw himself into work with
determination. At social events, he maintained his polished exterior, whether he was charming or silent, his facade intact. 
The Clements corporation thrived, their stock prices soaring, as if Andrew had been revived. Yet, no one noticed the slight pause, the flinch when Aubree's name was
mentioned, as he made an excuse to leave. .
Alone in a restroom, looking at his reflection, Andrew felt like his heart might burst. Despite his best efforts, he hadn't let go. He had just learned to hide it, fooling everyone, including himself.
###Chapter 1579
Whenever news about her came up, his emotions would go haywire, and he'd have to find a quiet corner to collect himself. It hit him hard then-pretending to love someone was just as tough as pretending not to. He washed his face over and over, as if trying to scrub away his turmoil. Only when he was sure he looked perfectly normal did he step out of the bathroom.
It had been half a year since Aubree snagged the Oscar. She and Matthew were always showing off their love on Twitter. Even Casey's account was flooded with their posts, and people couldn't help but wonder why he didn't say anything against it. But Casey never addressed it publicly, sticking to his usual way of doing things.
Andrew had stopped wishing for their breakup, knowing full well Aubree wouldn't come back to him even if she was single. That realization cut deep.
With a cigarette between his fingers, he stood alone in the hallway, feeling a profound loneliness amidst the nearby bustle, like he was hanging by a thread.
Everyone thought he was back to his old self. But only he knew he was just a shell, going through the motions.
Hearing some commotion from the hall, he made his way over and saw Aubree, glowing as always. Her hair was elegantly pinned up, showing off her neck, with Matthew-still boyishly charming-by her side. Whatever she whispered made Matthew laugh, and her laughter followed, lighting up the room.
People teased, "You two are so sweet together," and "When's the engagement?" Matthew was too young for marriage, so an engagement was the next step.
Neither Aubree nor Matthew noticed Andrew watching. Aubree, seven years older but looking carefree, stayed close to Matthew. Her cheeks flushed with a girlish shyness, and she'd playfully scold him.
Matthew whispered something sweet, and Aubree playfully stomped on his foot, making him yelp in exaggerated pain and lean on her shoulder. They were in their own happy little world.
Andrew couldn't keep up his facade any longer. His composure shattered, he retreated back into the shadows of the corridor. Once, he'd dreamt of being the one by her side, the perfect couple. But now, she was with someone else, and he couldn't even muster the courage to step forward.
He haphazardly placed his champagne glass on a passing waiter's tray and slipped out through a side path, almost tripping down the stairs. Back in his car, his heart finally began to settle.
He called Jaired. With Max busy celebrating the birth of his second child, Jaired was the only one available. Jaired slid into the driver's seat without hesitation.
This wasn't the first time Andrew had bumped into Aubree and fled. Yet, every time he showed up again, he was the flawless Clements family heir. Except in front of Aubree, where his true self always slipped through. 
"Ran into Aubree again?" Jaired asked, hands steady on the wheel.
Andrew nodded, eyes wet as he gazed out the window, "She's even more beautiful now."
Her beauty seemed to shine from within. Jaired remained silent, puzzled by the mystery of love.
Dropping Andrew off, Andrew couldn't hold back his tears, whispering, "Wouldn't it be great if we could turn back time?"
Jaired had no answer. The world often didn't make sense. "Andrew, go inside. Get some sleep," Jaired advised as Andrew closed the car door, looking so downcast.
"I don't want to dream about her tonight." He was tired of the huge gap between dreams and reality. Yet, when he finally had a night without dreams of her, he tossed and turned restlessly. 
He got up, searching for old photos of Aubree from the Clements family events. She was never really welcomed there, so there were few photos, all of which he had saved. As he looked at them, tears welled up, and finally, he drifted into sleep, dreaming once more.
A bittersweet relief. The lone rose in his dreams, while in reality, mountains and miles stood in the way. Love stirs with the wind, but when the wind stops, the longing remains. THE END
